# Epigenetics: The Death of the Genetic Theory of Disease Transmission
# by Joel D. Wallach, D.V.M (Author), Ma Lan, M.D. (Author), Gerhard N. Schrauzer, Ph.D. (Author), Jeffrey S. Bland, Ph.D. (Foreword)
# OCR transcription from Kindle Cloud Reader screenshots (Tesseract 4.1, --psm 1).
# 465 source screenshots: Screenshot (260) through Screenshot (738) (gap at 287-300).
# Per-screenshot markers include the Kindle page or location indicator extracted from the screenshot bottom UI.
# Format:  ===== Screenshot (N) -- <Page X of 936 | Location Y of 14342> =====

===== Screenshot (260) -- Location 1 of 14342 =====
EPIGENETICS

Joel D. Wallach, BS, DVM, ND
Ma Lan, MD, MS, LAc
Gerhard N. Schrauzer, PhD, MS, FACN, CNS



THE DEATH OF THE GENETIC THEORY
OF DISEASE TRANSMISSION


Jeffrey S. Bland, PhD

===== Screenshot (261) -- Page 7 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

PART THREE

The Birth, Development, and Expression of the
Genetic Theory of Life, Disease, and Death

8 Darwin and Mendel

Contents
9 The Genetic Transmission Theory
Foreword 10 Linus Pauling: Polymath
Acknowledgments 11 The Double Helix: Watson and Crick
About the Authors 12 Mapping the Genome
PART FOUR
Introduction
The Age of Biochemistry, Nutrition, and Epigenetics
PART ONE 13 Epigenetics

Ihe Seeds and Evolution of Medical Thinking
The Seeds and Evolution of Me L Thi 14 Joel Wallach: Polymath

1Evil Spirits 15 The Center for the Biology of Natural Systems

2 Myths and Alchem 16 The 150-Year Update on The Origin of Species

SWitches, Sorcerers, and Magic 17 Epigenetic Manifestation of Disease


4 Physicians 18 Nutrition: The Death of the Genetic Theory of Disease Transmission
PART TWO 19 Survival of Species
The Age of Vaccines and Antibiotics
5 The Germ Theory and Bacteria Glossary
6 Viruses References
7 Prions Index

===== Screenshot (262) -- Page 9 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Foreword
By Jeffrey Bland, PhD

Dr. Jeffrey Bland was born in 1946 in Illinois and grew up in California where he graduated
from Tustin High School in 1963 and graduated from the University of California, Irvine, in 1967
with degrees in biology and chemistry. Bland's undergraduate thesis advisor was Nobel Laureate
(chemistry) F. Sherwood Rowland, who was credited with discovering the adverse effects of
fluorocarbons on the ozone layer.

In 1967 Jeffrey Bland entered the University of Oregon, Department of Chemistry, as a
National Science Foundation Scholarship doctoral student. Bland completed his doctorate degree in
synthetic organic chemistry in 1971.

A nutritional biochemist and registered clinical laboratory director, he held the position of
professor of biochemistry at the University of Puget Sound and held the post of Director of
Nutritional Research at the Linus Pauling Institute of Science and Medicine.

In 1978 Dr. Bland became the president of the Northwest Academy of Preventive Medicine,
which resulted in his becoming editor and author of the 1983 textbook The Medical Applications
of Clinical Nutrition. Since 1978 Bland has authored four books on nutrition and health for the
general public and six books for health professionals. His 1982 book, Nutraerobics, was a Book-of-
the-Month Club offering. Bland has also been the principle author of more than 100 peer-reviewed
research papers on nutritional biochemistry.

In Epigenetics, Drs. Wallach, Ma, and Schrauzer have combined more than 100
years of aggressive and proactive scientific pursuits in agriculture, veterinary
medicine, comparative pathology, and human medicine; bench science in trace
mineral and rare earth research and biochemistry; pathology and veterinary and

human clinical nutrition; and international conservation projects (white rhino,

African elephant, etc.) to document the slow grinding and often bumpy path of
science and medicine into the 21st century.

Medical science, by its very nature, is resistant to change, even in the face
of overwhelming facts and truth because of individuals in places and positions
of political and academic power. In Epigenetics, classic documented examples of
resistance to the acceptance of clinical and nutritional truths are presented to
lead to the current battlefields of nutritional truths versus the dogma of single-
mindedness in the fields of animal and human genetics and nutrition.

I've known Dr. Joel Wallach, BS, DVM, ND, since the late 1970s. In fact, in
1979 he took over from me the position of head of the Therapeutic and Clinical
Nutrition Program at the National College of Naturopathic Medicine in Portland,
Oregon. From my first meeting with Joel, | found him to be a totally engaged
researcher in the area of nutritional sciences with a strong focus on clinical
applications. It is this dedication to clinical application that led him to complete
a doctorate in naturopathic medicine after successfully completing his doctorate
in veterinary medicine, and followed this with a postdoctoral fellowship in
comparative pathology.

Cystic fibrosis (CF) is widely “known” as the second most common life-
shortening inherited disorder of children in the United States after sickle cell
anemia. In 1978, as a researcher at Emory University’s Yerkes Regional Primate
Research Center in Atlanta, Georgia, Dr. Wallach was the first to observe,
document, and receive conformation of pancreatic, liver, and lung lesions in
inadequately-fed rhesus monkeys identical to those found in human cystic
fibrosis patients. This suggested that, at the very least, some forms of CF could
be the result of a selenium deficiency, and that some forms of CF might be
preventable and reversible.

The stunning discovery that he could create a condition in monkeys that

was very similar, if not identical, to the clinical disease and pathology found in

===== Screenshot (263) -- Page 11 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

the human disease cystic fibrosis by removing the trace element selenium from
the monkeys’ diets was considered revolutionary. Before this observation, it was
thought that cystic fibrosis was strictly a genetically-transmitted disease and
had no known environmental or dietary associations. Dr. Wallach’s observations
challenged this dogma.

Old medical concepts and dogmas that are entrenched over periods of
decades, centuries, and millennia change only with great difficulty, and so it was
in 1977 that this occurred with the acceptance of Dr. Wallach’s original discoveries
surrounding a nutritional contribution to the genesis of human cystic fibrosis.
In 2011 Dr. Wallach (a 1991 Nobel Prize nominee) received the Klaus Schwarz
Commemorative Medal, awarded by the International Association of Bioinorganic
Scientists for his meritorious discovery of the important role of the trace element
selenium in maintaining human (embryonic and postnatal) pancreatic, skeletal
muscle, cardiac, and hepatic physiology and function.

In the awards committee's announcement of Wallach’s 2011 award they
stated, “From a historical perspective, Wallach is to be regarded as one of the
first practitioners, if not founders of, (the science of) epigenetics, the new research
discipline that investigates heritable alterations in gene expression caused by
mechanisms other than changes in DNA sequence. With the award of the Klaus
Schwarz Medal, Wallach is belatedly honored for a serendipitous discovery that
will be of benefit to many.” | have recognized the passion and commitment that
Joel has brought to this focus over the more than thirty years that | have known
him.

This discovery launched Dr. Wallach forward in his lifelong pursuit of
the understanding of the role that other nutrients have on modulating
genetic expressions through epigenetic influences. His work and advocacy have
contributed to the increasing understanding of the role of trace elements and the

effects they have on influencing intermediary metabolism as cofactors, and the

pathology and clinical diseases that occur when they are deficient in animal and
human diets.

It is a significant honor and acknowledgment of Dr. Wallach’s contributions
to the field of nutrition and epigenetics that he received the Klaus Schwarz
Award for 2011. Dr. Schwarz, who was born in 1914 and died in 1978, was
an investigator at the University of California, Los Angeles, was a leading
trace metal/trace element researcher, and was known for his discovery of the
nutritional essentiality of the trace mineral selenium. Dr. Schwarz would have
been very pleased to have seen Dr. Wallach receive a medal in his name for the
pioneering work done on the relationship between selenium deficiency and the
pathophysiology and genesis of cystic fibrosis.

The combined efforts of Drs. Wallach, Ma, and Schrauzer in this book
that documents the nutritional implications of epigenetics, represents the next
chapter in the understanding of how nutrients influence health and disease in
ways that were not understood only a few years ago.

Dr. Gerhard Schrauzer is an iconic and legendary researcher and educator
in the fields of trace element and rare earth biochemistry and physiology in
both humans and numerous laboratory animal species, known particularly for
selenium, lithium, and the entire family of light and heavy rare earths. He has had
more than 300 peer-reviewed and refereed scientific papers published in widely-
respected scientific journals. Dr. Schrauser has been listed twice as one of the
most frequently-quoted scientists in America. He held the post of Professor and
Head of the Department of Chemistry at the University of California, San Diego,
and is currently active as an international lecturer as a Professor Emeritus at
UCSD.

Dr. Ma Lan, who taught and carried on research at the Harvard School of
Medicine in Boston, the Texas Medical Center, at the University of Texas in

Houston, the University of Wisconsin and the University of California, San Diego,

===== Screenshot (264) -- Page 13 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

is highly regarded internationally as a widely published scientist in the fields of

microsurgery, biochemistry, pathology, and nutrition.

Jeffrey Bland, PhD, FACN, FACB, CNS
President, Personalized Lifestyle Medicine Institute

===== Screenshot (265) -- Page 14 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Acknowledgments

The efforts of many have provided the data and the energy necessary for the
conception, development, and birth of this book, Epigenetics.

Many people (Steve Wallach, Michelle Wallach, Char Murphy, Blake Graham,
Todd Smith, Marvin Ropp, Judy Bell, Michael Zwerling, Doug Wynfrey, Dr. Peter
Glidden, ND, Brandy Brogdon, the Steele brothers: Sammy, Johny, Daniel, Josh,

and “Jivers;” Carl Casale, Judy Bell, and Norm Burt) contributed tirelessly by
providing a continual stream of information from hundreds of media sources,
including newspapers, magazines, the Internet, and well-recognized scientific
journals.

Technical assistance was expertly provided by John Taylor, Richard Renton,
Brandy Brogdon, and Ted Anderson.

The employees of my publisher, SelectBooks, Inc., contributed their
professional editorial, book production, and marketing skills to make this book
possible.

The attractive jacket design was created by Brian Davis.

===== Screenshot (266) -- Page 15 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

About the Authors

Joel Wallach, BS, DVM, ND

Dr. Wallach has been involved with biomedical research for more than fifty years. He received his bachelor
of science degree in agriculture in 1962 from the University of Missouri with a major in animal husbandry
(nutrition) and a minor in field crops and soil physiology. In 1964 Dr. Wallach received a DVM, a doctorate
in veterinary medicine, from the University of Missouri. He was a pathologist and instructor for the lowa
State Diagnostic Laboratory and Instructor (Pathology) for the Department of Pathology, lowa State
University (Department of Veterinary Pathology) in 1964/65, and then received a post-doctoral fellowship
from the Center for the Biology of Natural Systems (comparative pathology and comparative medicine) at
Washington University, St. Louis Zoological Garden and Shaws Botanical Gardens in St. Louis, in 1967. He
continued his veterinary and research work at the Yerkes Primate Research Center at Emory University in
Atlanta, Georgia, from 1977-1978.

He then studied naturopathic medicine, receiving an ND (a doctorate to practice medicine as a
naturopathic physician) from the National College of Naturopathic Medicine in Portland, Oregon, in 1982,
and attained the rank of Lt. Colonel in the US Air Force/Air National Guard and Air Force Reserves (MOS:
nuclear, biological, and chemical warfare; NBC: veterinary and human medicine).

Dr. Wallach’s research has resulted in the publication of more than 75 peer-reviewed and refereed
articles in veterinary journals, human medical and biochemistry journals, and pathology journals. He has
contributed chapters to eight multi-author textbooks and his signature primary authorship of a 1,200
page text/reference (NIH sponsored research) on the subject of comparative medicine and pathology (The
Diseases of Exotic Animals: W. B. Saunders Publishing Co., 1983.) This text is featured by the Smithsonian
Institute as a “National Treasure.’

Dr. Wallach has held teaching, pathology service, and research appointments at the graduate level in
human and animal anatomy, nutrition, and pathology at the University of Missouri, lowa State University,
Yerkes Regional Primate Research Center (Emory University, Atlanta, GA), the University of Tennessee,
the National College of Naturopathic Medicine, Portland, Oregon and Harbin Medical University (Peoples

Republic of China).

Dr. Wallach was Project Veterinarian and Capture Officer for the Natal Parks and Game Service
(Umfolozi and Hluhlue Game Parks) for Operation Rhino (Rescue/Conservation project for the white
rhino), Republic of South Africa and Operation Elephant (conservation project for the African elephant) for
Wankie Game Reserve, Southern Rhodesia (Zimbabwe).

Dr. Wallach's research in comparative medicine and pathology is based on more than 17,500 autopsy
cases on 454 species of animals from zoos and African Game Parks (Natal Fish & Game Department, Natal,
Republic of South Africa) and more than 4,700 humans (including 1,700 children under ten years old)
through the University of Missouri, lowa State University, the Center for the Biology of Natural Systems,
Washington University (St. Louis), the St. Louis Zoological Gardens; the Chicago Zoological Gardens
(Brookfield, IL), the Lincoln Park Zoo (Chicago, IL), the Shedd Aquarium (Chicago, IL), Yerkes Regional
Primate Research Center, Emory University, (Atlanta, GA), the University of Tennessee (Memphis, TN), The
Memphis Zoo (Memphis, TN), the Jacksonville, Zoo (Jacksonville, FL), the Detroit Zoo (Detroit, Mi), the
National Zoo (Washington, D.C.), The New York Zoological Gardens (Bronx, NY), the Denver Zoo (Denver,
CO), the National College of Naturopathic Medicine (Portland, OR) and the Harbin Medical University
(Harbin, Hei Long Jiang, People’s Republic of China).

Dr. Wallach was a member of NIH site visit teams for four years and was a member of the 1968
NSF ad hoc committee that authored the 1968 Animal Welfare Act (for the humane housing and care
of laboratory and captive exotic species), Consulting Professor of Medicine (Harbin Medical University,
Harbin, Hei Long Jiang, People's Republic of China). Dr. Wallach was the founder and editor of the Journal
of Zoo Animal Medicine and an associate editor of Quantum Medicine, the Journal of the Association of
Eclectic Physicians, and the editor of the national alternative-health magazine, Health Consciousness.

Dr. Wallach, along with Clinton Miller (lobbyist for the National Health Federation and deceased
July 2013 at age 92), was one of the coauthors and engineers of the twenty-five year battle to
create and secure passage through the U.S. Congress of the Dietary Supplement and Health Education
Act (DSHEA1995) to ensure that nutritional supplements were legally categorized as food rather than
pharmaceuticals. Day and night, Wallach and Miller would hand out petitions to the audiences where
they attended thousands of health lectures throughout America, and they then gathered up the signed
petitions and sent them to Congressional Committee members and their personal U.S. Representatives
and Senators.

Dr. Wallach has received numerous awards for his contributions in advancing our knowledge in
the areas of animal and human health, including the 1988 Wooster Beach Gold Medal Award for a
significant breakthrough in the basic understanding of the cause and pathophysiology of cystic fibrosis
(from Association of Eclectic Physicians). He was nominated for the 1991 Nobel Prize in Medicine for
his work with the trace mineral selenium and its relationship (deficiency) to the congenital and neonatal

===== Screenshot (267) -- Page 16 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

genesis of cystic fibrosis (Association of Eclectic Physicians). Dr. Wallach received the 2011 Klaus Schwarz
Commemorative Medal (Biological Trace Element Research Institute) for his 1977 discovery of the animal
model for cystic fibrosis in primates and elucidating the etiology and pathogenesis of CF in humans; the
awards committee also noted that, “From a Historical perspective, Wallach is to be regarded as one of the
first practitioners, if not founders, of epigenetics, the new research discipline that investigates heritable
alterations in gene expression caused by mechanisms other than changes in DNA sequence. With the
award of the Klaus Schwarz Medal, Wallach is belatedly honored for a serendipitous discovery that will be
of benefit to many.”

Dr. Wallach has been the plaintiff and/or co-plaintiff in eight lawsuits and claims requests lodged
against the FDA in federal courts (Federal District Courts, Federal Appellate Courts, and up to the steps
of the U.S. Supreme Court) to ensure that proper information regarding supplementation with selenium,
omega-3 essential fatty acids, folic acid, and antioxidants that could prevent and reverse human diseases
was available to all Americans.

Since 1989 Dr. Wallach has given 300 free health lectures each year throughout the world and has been
the host of two live interactive and syndicated AM talk radio shows (Dead Doctors Don’t Lie and Let's Play
Doctor) two hours per day, five days each week, for eighteen years, and as of 2011 is listened to on as many
as 1,342 Genesis Communication Network (GCN) hardwire and Internet stations.

Dr. Wallach, along with coauthor Dr. Ma Lan, has written twelve popular books designed to educate
the general public on how to prevent and reverse disabling and deadly diseases, generally thought to be
genetically transmitted by medical science, with simple dietary changes and evidence-based nutritional
supplement programs.

Ma Lan, MD, MS, TCM

Dr. Ma Lan was educated in the Peoples Republic of China. Dr. Ma Lan received her MD degree from
Beijing Medical University, took her residency in the People’s Hospital, Beijing, and was a staff surgeon
at the Canton Air Force Hospital with the rank of Lieutenant in the Chinese Air Force; she received her
MS degree (master of science) in transplant immunology from Zhong-Shan Medical University, Canton,
Peoples Republic of China. As with all Chinese doctors, Dr. Ma Lan was educated in Traditional Chinese
Medicine (ie., acupuncture, Chinese herbal medicine, physical manipulation, massage, and hydrotherapy).
Dr. Ma Lan's research credits include being an exchange scholar at the Harvard School of Medicine,
Boston (microsurgery: 1983/84); a research fellow in laser microsurgery at the St. Joseph's Hospital,
Houston (1985); the Department of Orthopedic Microsurgery at the Medical College of Wisconsin,
Milwaukee (1986); the Department of Pharmacology, the University of California, San Diego (1987-94).

Dr. Ma Lan has authored and coauthored numerous peer-reviewed scientific articles on microsurgery
and human pathology and eleven best-selling books as a coauthor with Dr. Wallach.

Gerhard N. Schrauzer, PhD, MS, FACN, CNS

Dr. Schrauzer began his chemistry studies at the University of Munich, where he received his PhD in
chemistry and graduated summa cum laude in 1956. He had a postdoctoral appointment with the
Monsanto Research Laboratory in Dayton, Ohio, for three years and then returned to the University of
Munich in 1959 as a member of its Science Faculty.

In 1964 Dr. Schrauzer immigrated to the United States to join the Shell Development Company at
Emeryville, California, and then took an appointment with the University of California, San Diego, in
1966, where he remained until his retirement in 1994. For the last twenty-five years at the University of
California, he has held the post as the chairman of the Department of Chemistry.

Dr. Schrauzer holds visiting professorships at the University of Nanjing, Peoples Republic of China, the
University of Osaka, and the School of Medicine, University of Occupational and Environmental Health in
Kitakyushu, Japan.

In 1997 he was named Honorary Professor at Xi'an Medical University, Peoples Republic of China. He
is a member of the American Association for Cancer Research, the American Institute of Nutrition, the
American College of Toxicology, the Association of Clinical Scientists, the American Chemical Society, and
many other prestigious organizations.

Dr. Schrauzer is one of the founders of the new discipline, Bioinorganic Chemistry, and is internationally
known for his work on nitrogen fixation, vitamin B, 2, rare earths, and the biological functions of selenium,
especially in relation to its cancer protective properties and lithium as an essential nutrient with particular
relationship to brain physiology and human behavior. In 1975 Dr. Schrauzer founded the journal Biological
Trace Element Research.

Dr. Schrauzer has twice been named as the most quoted scientist by the American Biographical
Institute and Institute for Scientific Information.

In 1994 he received the Sir Frank Macfarlane Burnet Commemorative Award for Clinical Tumor
Immunology.

In 2000 the International Schrauzer Prize was created to honor scientists working in fields at the
interface of chemistry and medicine.

Dr. Schrauzer is a professor emeritus in chemistry at the University of California, San Diego (UCSD),
where he taught and researched from 1967 to his retirement in 1993. He is an acknowledged world
authority on the roles of essential and toxic trace elements in health and disease.

===== Screenshot (268) -- Page 18 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

He is the Editor-in-Chief of the journal Biological Trace Element Research and the director of the San
Diego-based Biological Trace Element Research Institute.

He has authored and edited six books in the field of chemistry and written more than 300 scientific
papers in well-respected, peer-reviewed, and refereed professional journals.

===== Screenshot (269) -- Page 20 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Introduction

What is the first business of one who practices philosophy? To get rid of
thinking that one knows; for it is impossible to get a man to begin to learn
that which he thinks he knows.

—Plato

Plato (427-347 BC): Philosopher and mentor of Aristotle and friend of Socrates. Through his
works, Plato was responsible for preserving Socrates’ memory and teachings. Plato's dialogues are
composed as conversations between friends and colleagues in an attempt by the author to “lighten
up" the heavy philosophical questions examined. His theory of forms, the theory that there exists
a complete cosmos of ideas, or forms, on which our material universe is based, influenced later
generations of philosophers. Plato wrote on various ethical, political, and philosophical topics.
Among his extensive works are the “Socratic” dialogues Euthyphro, Apology, Crito, and Phaedo,
which narrate Socrates’ trial and execution; The Republic, Laws, and Symposium, as well as letters to
colleagues

Ignorance and pettiness ... belongs to small-mindedness to be able to
bear either honor or dishonor, either good fortune or bad, but to be filled
with conceit when honored and puffed up by trifling good fortune, and to be
unable to bear even the smallest dishonor and to deem any chance failure a
great misfortune, and to be distressed and annoyed at everything. Moreover
the small-minded man is the sort of person to call all slights an insult and

dishonor, even those that are due to ignorance or forgetfulness. Small-

mindedness is accompanied by pettiness, querulousness, pessimism and self-
abasement.
—Aristotle

Virtues and Vices

Aristotle (384-322 BC): Philosopher: one of the greatest philosophers and scientists of all time.
He was born in Stagyra, in northern Greece, and at the age of seventeen joined Plato's Academy
in Athens. Plato's sobriquet for his student was “the mind of the Academy.” After Plato's death
Aristotle left Athens. He was hired by Philip II to tutor his son Alexander (the Great). After Philip's
death, Aristotle moved back to Athens, where he founded the Lyceum, a philosophic academy
complete with a gymnasium and a library. He wrote on nearly every topic and every science. Among
his surviving works are Physics, Metaphysics, Eudemian Ethics, Nicomachean Ethics, Politics, Magna
Moralia, Rhetoric, and Poetics.

Any intelligent fool can make things bigger and more complex... It takes

a touch of genius and a lot of courage to move in the opposite direction.
—Albert Einstein
Autobiographical Notes

Throughout time, humans have toppled “age old” beliefs and truths and replaced
them with new beliefs and truths as new information or new interpretations
of long known facts and observations are brought to bear on a previously
unanswered question or wrong assumption (such as, the earth is flat!, the sun
revolves around the earth, life is produced by “spontaneous generation,” or a
man’s heart will explode if he travels faster than forty miles per hour).

These dramatic changes in thinking and shifts in belief were not quickly
and easily accepted by the defenders of the prevailing thought. Careers were
derailed and people were jailed and tortured, sometimes suffering unspeakable

punishments; they were killed by burning at the stake, hanging, beheading,

===== Screenshot (270) -- Page 22 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

impaling, and were drawn and quartered in the name of defending the old
“truth.”

One of the purposes of this book is to reveal how the understanding of
the causes and reasons for human and animal disease and illnesses and their
treatment concepts have changed over the millennium as critical observations,
new tools, and technologies have appeared to allow the creation of a new truth—
a fact is a fact, but truth changes as greater numbers of facts appear. Previously
isolated and seemingly meaningless dots become connected and the correct path
ultimately becomes clear and unimpeachable even to the most vociferous and
vicious defenders of the old “truth”—if they are honest.

Historically, proponents of a universally believed “scientific health truth” will
eventually overreach the facts in their zeal to solve all problems with their new-
found “expertise.” The result is a ruthless suppression and destruction of useful
facts of more complete contradictory truths from messengers with an epiphany
who dare to offer a correction. It has been said that “science advances one funeral
at a time,” because as defenders of the false or incomplete truth die, this false
truth will eventually give way to the complete and ultimate truth.

Starting in 1962 Dr. Joel Wallach, as a veterinary student and already
an accomplished and published comparative pathologist, realized that many
diseases, long thought by the scientific and medical communities to be
genetically transmitted, were in fact caused by a congenital, neonatal, or acquired
nutritional deficiency later in life as a child, teen, or adult.

Through fifty-one years of performing anatomical and comparative pathology
studies; blood and tissue chemistry; histopathology with special stains; and
electron microscopy with a special emphasis on familial histories, clinical records,
and dietary histories; Wallach deduced and then proved that the diseases held
up as the “classic examples of Mendelian genetically-transmitted diseases” and

many diseases for which the etiology was classified as “autoimmune” were in fact

diseases caused by specific nutritional deficiencies combined with inflammation,

including the following:

Alzheimer's disease

Celiac disease

Cerebral palsy

Cleft palate, cleft lip
Crohn's disease

Cystic fibrosis

Dementia (vascular, Korsakoff's syndrome, Wernike-Korsakoff's)
Diabetes (type 2)
Diverticulitis

Down syndrome

Gay behavior

Heart disease (cardio myopathy, congestive heart failure, etc.)
High blood pressure
Huntington's disease
Intersex babies

Irritable bowel syndrome
Inflammatory bowel disease
Insanity

Kawasaki disease

Lupus

Macular degeneration
Marfan's disease

Metabolic errors

Muscular dystrophy

===== Screenshot (271) -- Page 23 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Multiple sclerosis

Obesity

Parkinson's disease

Retardation

Sickle-cell anemia

Ulcerative colitis

Vascular disease (e.g., coronary artery disease, vascular dementia, aneurysms,

varicose veins, “kidney failure,” etc.)

The fact that the falsely branded “genetic diseases” frequently occurred in
generations of families contributed to the false belief that they were “genetically
transmitted.”

The familial appearance of certain diseases have now been explained by
the maternal transmission of gluten intolerance to offspring by gluten passing
through cord blood and or breast milk. The intestinal changes (contact enteritis)
produced by chronic gluten exposure significantly reduces the individual’s
absorption efficiency, and if by chance is combined with local and regional
mineral soil deficiencies and dietary preferences that include inadequate
minerals, this will produce specific diseases through generations.

The purpose of Epigenetics is to track the evolution of human thought and
beliefs as they relate to science and health. The path from beliefs in disease
caused by evil spirits to beliefs in alchemy, witchcraft, sorcerers, physicians, the
germ theory, genetics, the elucidation of the double helix, the mapping of the
genome, and finally to belief in epigenetics has taken thousands of years. And the
unnecessary loss of millions of lives and disruptions of millions of families before
finally connecting all of the dots—for instance, the advent of electricity, with

the resultant disappearance of the traditional source of essential dietary minerals

(plant minerals-aka-wood ashes) and the appearance of health insurance that
pays doctors to treat the patient rather than cure them—becomes the perfect
storm.

Ultimately, we are what's in (or isn’t in) the food we eat and what we absorb.
Therefore, it matters not whether one follows the concepts of the Beverly Hills
Diet, the South Beach Diet, Dr. Atkin's Diet, the Fit for Life Diet, the Mediterranean
Diet, Dr. Berger's Immune Power Diet, The Pritkin Diet, the Macrobiotic Diet,
Pearson's and Shaw's Life Extension Diet, The 120 Year Diet, or become a vegan
or a carnivore and eat blubber like an Eskimo or eat dozens of burgers each day
from Wimpy (the original “junk food junky” from Popeye cartoons).

If you don't supplement daily with optimal amounts of each of the 90
essential nutrients (according to your body weight) you're throwing away from
50 percent to 75% of your life as sure as if you jumped in front of a speeding
commuter train for the purpose of relieving a headache.

In contrast to the methodical, science-based approach to veterinary
formulation of animal rations for disease prevention, maximum fertility,
longevity and production (by work efficiency of feed conversion for maximum
production of eggs, milk, and meat), humans have unfortunately relied too
heavily on “the Wisdom of the Body” theory, and as a result have recommended
consuming the “four food groups,” the “seven food pyramid,” and “a variety of
foods" as “the way” to “ensure” a healthy diet.

The “wisdom of the body” theory was first proposed by Dr. Clara Davis, a
pediatrician, in 1928 when she published the results of a “feeding experiment” in
newly weaned seven- to nine-month-old human babies. In the study the babies
were offered a great variety of simple natural foods, and they chose the healthier
combinations of food without prompting. Davis was sure that this experiment

proved that “our bodies know best from the beginning.”

===== Screenshot (272) -- Page 25 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Dr. Curt P. Richter, a highly respected psychologist, gave Davis’ work his seal of
approval in the 1940s, after which “the wisdom of the body’ theory rapidly found
its way into the annals of human nutrition texts, medical curriculum, medical
belief, and finally medical dogma.

Richter published one of his own cases in 1940 in which a young boy
demonstrated a “morbid craving for salt.” The child had begun licking salt off of
soda crackers at the age one year and he then ate salt from the shaker at 18
months old. At age three-and-a-half years, the boy was hospitalized to restrict his
salt intake. Forty-eight hours after being denied salt the boy died (another great
victory for psychology). His autopsy revealed that he had had Addison's Disease
(adrenal cortical insufficiency). The boy’s salt cravings (pica) were correct and had
kept the boy alive, but when the hospital restricted the boy's intake of salt he
died.

Pregnancy associated cravings (pica) support the “wisdom of the body”
theory—that the increased demand for minerals by the developing embryo/
fetus further deprive minerals from an already mineral-deficient mother-to-
be with limited mineral reserves, thus accentuating her cravings. In fact, salt
and fat cravings typically increase with advancing pregnancy. Pregnant women
do require a net increase in salt, minerals, and protein consumption to keep
water from leaving the blood vessels (osmotic gradients) and seeping into the
surrounding body tissue (causing what is called edema or “swelling,"); therefore,
a craving for salty food such as pickles, chips, crackers makes sense. Pregnant
women will also crave fat (such as ice cream, chocolate, and fatty meats) and
sweets (candy, sugar, soft drinks, pastry, etc.) in their first trimester of pregnancy.
These pica type of cravings represent a misinterpreted craving for minerals.

Chocolate appears to be the number one sweet craving in premenopausal
women (39%) as opposed to only 14% in the male population at the same age

as the women. Women as a group tend to be more depleted of minerals than

men because of their additional mineral losses as a result of their cyclic menstrual
periods, pregnancies and lactation.

But in general, human diets are “formulated” by cultural, ethnic, and religious
tradition which was originally dictated by the length of the local growing seasons,
altitude of the fields, the average daily ambient temperature during the growing
season, soil types, average rainfall, and so forth. As a result of the environmental,
social, ethnic, and religious limits, human nutrition is bogged down with catch
phrases based on little understanding about nutrition, such as “just follow the
Mediterranean diet” combined with other personal dietary restrictions.

All human societies have integrated strict dietary rules into their religions
and religious practices and devised taboos against certain food plants or animals
that in the past were either venerated (totemism) or feared (witchcraft), as
these were incorporated into fasts and detailed rituals for animal and human
sacrifices prior to feasts. There have always been societal or religious laws against
overindulgence of certain stimulant drinks like alcohol, coffee, and tea, and rules
against gluttony (“The seven deadly sins”).

Today, American orthodox medical “health experts” are hopelessly out of
touch with reality. They pontificate in the news media about how you can get
everything you need nutritionally from your diet, they warn that “taking vitamins
and minerals just gives you expensive urine,” that they themselves rely on their
food choices, and they brag that they do not take supplements. As a result,
America is not calorie deficient, but we are malnourished because of a lack of the
90 essential macro-and micro-nutrients.

The April 16, 2012 issue of the journal Food Chemistry, reported that
“America’s well thought of baby and infant formulas and packaged diets contain
less than 20% of the required minerals and vitamins for human infants!”

America’s great interest in food, fast food, fad foods, snack foods, deserts,

caffeine, alcohol, drugs, and tobacco is a symptom and a direct result of mineral

===== Screenshot (273) -- Page 28 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

deficiencies. These mineral deficiencies are the direct cause of America being the
most obese nation in the world—we're number one!

If you look to the American medical system and/or your allopathic physician
for help with your personal nutrition program (diet), you are putting yourself in
grave danger. Their interests and expertise go only so far as having the false belief
in the role of genetics in health, their promotion of “the four food group diet,”
and recommendations of cholesterol testing and management. And even this
limited interest disappears with a martini at their high-priced country club.

“The proof is in the pudding,” and therefore it is reasonable to examine how
well orthodox doctors perform when it comes to avoiding nutritional-deficiency
diseases and the resultant early death from preventable diseases. If doctors are
doing all of the correct dietary and health practices they should all live to be
beyond 120 years of age.

The first task in grading the health and longevity success of orthodox doctors
is to look at their average age at death when compared to the general U.S.
population (75.5 years of age). An examination of the monthly obituaries listed
in the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA) in January of 1993
showed an astounding average life span for medical doctors of 58 years of age
(theoretically one could gain 20 years of average life span by not going to medical
school) when all causes are examined. A second look in 1999 by the orthodox
medical system themselves, showed that the average life span of medical doctors
was only 56 years of age.

Another purpose of Epigenetics is to convince readers to understand the
purpose of naturopathic medicine. Naturopathic doctors (NDs) primarily differ
from the MD community because of their goal of strict adherence to the
philosophy: “First, do no harm.”

While American medical doctors claim to believe in this same philosophy

according to their Hippocratic Oath, many patients are harmed by their often

unnecessary surgical practices and dangerous prescriptions for illness.

According to a CDC report of Feb. 5, 2007, that was also reported in the
Journal of the American Medical Association, American MDs kill, injure, and infect
15 million patients each year in hospitals and clinics in the United States alone.
There are numerous lawsuits and financial settlements; however few go to jail.
In the meantime, there are no laws to direct or insist that MDs cure a patient
when there is a cure available, and there is little financial reward to a doctor to
administer a two-week cure versus a 25-year treatment.

Because the pharmacy industry pays doctors to use high-priced, risky drugs
that have not been adequately tested for their rates of success or adverse side
effects, in September, 2012 the Institute of Medicine reported that American MDs
defraud the American people of about $750 billion each year with unnecessary
treatments and prescriptions!

In contrast to this, patients under the care of naturopathic physicians are
first offered choices of therapies that have a very low risk of injuring people,
and their doctors perform surgery and prescribe medicines only when absolutely
necessary.

MDs are the people who deep-sixed the research findings behind the stories
Wallach tells in Epigenetics of his research for a cure for cystic fibrosis and for
muscular dystrophy because of their egos, the threat to their medical careers, and
their desire to maintain the “genetic cause” of disease theories to keep their labs
funded.

The medical system has failed the American people, the world population,
and themselves. Through misinformation and misguided advice it has created a
“perfect storm” that has resulted in a string of physician-caused diseases that

contribute to the mind-boggling complexity of health care.

===== Screenshot (274) -- Page 31 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

PART

The Seeds and Evolution
of Medical Thinking

===== Screenshot (275) -- Page 32 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

CHAPTER ONE


Evil Spirits

The fairest thing we can experience is the mysterious.

—Albert Einstein
The World As | See It

Joyous feasts alternate with solemn sacrifices and everything is
accomplished by magical operations that free the soul from fear and
stimulate man’s imagination. It was for magical purposes (to fend off and
cure diseases) that images were carved, poems were written, music played
and public monuments erected.

—Kurt Seligmann
The History of Magic and the Occult

We all know that as we are beneficent toward nature, it becomes

beneficent toward us.

—Xenophon

Xenophon (428-354 BC): Historian. An associate of Socrates, Xenophon fought in Cyrus's army
against Cyrus's older brother, Artaxerxes, in the Battle of Cunaxa in 401 BC. Cyrus was defeated
and killed. Xenophon's adventures in reaching Greece from the midst of Asia after the defeat are
documented in his March of the Ten Thousand. He also wrote a history of Greece entitled Hellenica,
the memoirs of Socrates, Memorabilia, as well as a dialogue on estate management, entitled
Oeconomicus.

From the beginning of time, humans feared unseen evil spirits and the
condemnation and evil spells of all-powerful supernatural beings. To protect
himself, man developed magic, spells, and rites to prevent disease and suffering,
prevent catastrophic events of nature, and to repel evil and sinister beings.

As Kurt Seligmann describes in The History of Magic and the Occult, it seemed
to the first humans that evil spirits that cause pain, disease, and death could be

found behind every rock and tree and lurking in every blade of grass:

Spirits lurked everywhere. Larvae and lemurs lived beneath the earth;
vampires escaped from the dead to attack the living; Namtar (pestilence)
and Idpa (fever) plagued the cities. Night was ruled by the demons of evil,
of the desert, of the abyss, of the sea, of the mountains, of the swamp, of
the south wind. There were the succubi and the incubi, carriers of obscene
nightmares; the snare-setting Maskim; the evil Utoq, dweller of the desert;
the bull demon Telal; and Alal the destroyer.

Geologists (Greek for “talkers about the earth”) believe that the earth is
4,500,000,000 years old. There have been four Ice Ages, when glaciers covered

===== Screenshot (276) -- Page 33 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

large portions of the earth's Northern Hemisphere, and four global warmings.
The last global warming and glacial retreat was 10,000 to 15,000 years ago.

A December 5th 2013 article in the Wall Street Journal reported that
geneticists from the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in
Germany extracted the oldest known human DNA, dating back to more than
300,000 years ago, from a fossil femur obtained from a cave shaft located in
northern Spain. The Sima de los Huesos (the pit of bones) contained the skeletal
remains of 28 ancient humans from a species never before reported.

Physically, these earliest humans looked like Neanderthals. However, a genetic
analysis reported in the journal Nature revealed that their maternal DNA
extracted from bone marrow mitochondria was different from that of both
Neanderthals and more modern humans. Their DNA was more closely related to
a relatively unknown human species—the Denisovans.

Anthropologists theorized that the people in the Sima cave could have been
a distinct human species that had interbred with the Denisovans; they may have
been directly related to the ancestors of the Denisovans or the relatives of both
Denisovans and Neanderthals, or even related to a species of humans that had
occupied parts of Europe and Asia, including Homo heidelbergensis.

There is evidence that the first communication of information by humans,
including primitive observations of disease, astronomy, and math, are dated
before 35,000 BC.

Twenty-five thousand years ago, Cro-Magnon artists stenciled impressions of
their hands on the walls of more than twenty caves in northern Spain, Italy, and
southwestern France.

The Gargas Cave in the French Pyrenees has the most handprints from more
than 150 different infants, teenagers, and adults, and most are left hands.
Created during the late Ice Age, the majority of the outlines were created with

earth pigments blown through a reed or tanned skin tube, which may explain why

the left hand was the predominant subject.

Many of the stenciled hands are mutilated by the removal of several joints of
at least two fingers. Creating plaster casts of the holes found in the mud walls
and ceiling of the Gargas Cave revealed that the holes had been created by fingers
that terminated bluntly in scar-tissue bulges. This evidence shows that the fingers
had been deliberately “truncated,” perhaps for a medical or religious ritual to
bring good luck, fend-off disease, or to satisfy the hunting gods. Another theory
is that the amputations were intended to represent the band’s animal totem or
health guardians.

“We have invented nothing!” Pablo Picasso exclaimed as he emerged from
France's famed Lascaux Cave. Inside the cave, Picasso had examined some of the
most incredible art in the world—it is dated back to 17,000 years ago! In 1868
the first of such prehistoric art was discovered in Altamira, Spain, and unbelieving
visitors to the cave asserted that the paintings were no more than twenty years
old, and dismissed them as “the expressions of a mediocre student of the modern
school.”

Later discoveries of additional cave paintings in Spain and France caused the
disbelievers to have a reversal of opinion: former critics began swooning over the
ancient artists’ incredible talent. Only one of these new discoveries would rival
the caves of Altamira for sheer brilliance of talent—the Lascaux Cave, which was
discovered accidently by a boy who was looking for his lost dog.

The Lascaux Cave houses 600 paintings, approximately 1,500 individual
engravings on stone, and many patterns of dots and geometric designs that
tantalize the viewer. The ceilings and walls are covered with herds of animals,
including aurochs (early forms of wild cattle), bison, reindeer, horses, and other
species that are shown running, fleeing, galloping, and charging at the viewer.

Working in the flickering light of torches and fat-burning lamps and

employing a stick, plant fibers, or finger-tip, the ancient painters of Lascaux

===== Screenshot (277) -- Page 36 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

first outlined and then colored-in their animal art. After thousands of years, the
Lascaux paintings have continued to maintain their original brilliance.

Modern chemical analysis of the paints showed that the artists had developed
and refined a difficult skill to create pigments for optimal clarity, stability, and
brilliance. They powdered, ground, and mixed their materials, combining iron and
manganese oxides with early mortars to create red, black, and yellow pigments;
then they mixed the powders with water before they tinted the wall paintings.
In some cases they mixed in additional binding agents, including blood, urine,
fat, “fish glue,” egg white, and a multitude of plant juices. To enhance certain
colors or to create burnt tones, they toasted the pigments with burning coals. The
process was the forerunner of what is today considered industrial chemistry.

The ancient artists of the Lascaux Cave dealt with the concepts of depth
and three-dimension by employing natural rock outcroppings and overlapping
drawings of animals of different sizes to provide the artistic depth. Many of their
early techniques would not be recreated by artists for thousands of years.

Cave and rock art and drawings are found all over the world; it is a prehistoric
form of communication that passes on messages. The earliest cave drawings are
dated in the Upper Paleolithic period of about 30,000 to 10,000 BC. Many of
the cave drawings were connected to ritual magic that asked for fertility, health,
plenty, and success at hunting.

An element of a request for fertility is found in some of the drawings. The
drawings suggest certain depictions of humans and food animals, such as bison
and wild cattle, that were without wounds or piercings by spears or arrows, were
intended to ask the good spirits to increase the numbers of food animals and
humans.

The “taming” of fire by man brought the “mastery” of metals that eventually
led to human progress and civilization. Iron was the primary key of this transition,

which raised the quality of human life from a brutish animal-like hunter gatherer

existence to civilization. This early history of the ferrous metal was enough to
give iron a special supernatural quality. Additionally, the first purified iron was
extracted from meteors that fell from the heavens.

The ancient Egyptians referred to iron as “the metal from the sky,” and the
Aztecs referred to iron as “the gift of heaven.” The earliest known iron tools and
weapons date back past the third millennium BC. Historically, in 150 BC, amulets
of meteoric iron were placed in the tomb of Tutankhamen to give him health in
the afterlife and protect him from evil spirits.

In 1848 the skull of an early man was discovered in a cave in Gibraltar. By the
time it arrived in England in 1856, a full skeleton of the same type of being also
arrived. It had been uncovered in a cave in the Neander Valley near Dusseldorf,
Germany—thus explaining the name “Neanderthal.”

Since the original discoveries of Neanderthals, the remains of Neanderthalers
have been uncovered in Spain, France, Belgium, Russia, Czechoslovakia,
Yugoslavia, and Italy. The Neanderthals are dated back to 75,000 years ago by
anthropologists (the Greek word for “talkers about what man is made of").

In 1931 and 1932 a team of American and English researchers discovered two
adjoining caves on Mount Carmel in what was then Palestine (now Israel) in which
they found the remains of twelve humans and numerous stone tools.

The bones from one cave called Mugharet es Skhul (the Cave of the Young
Goats) were a mixture of modern men and Neanderthals. Bones from the adjacent
cave were one hundred per cent Neanderthal. It was determined that the modern
men and the Neanderthals had cohabited for some time, had “married” and born
children, who then bore more children.

Geneticists (Greek for “birth followers”) agree that if this scenario is correct,
then these two “peoples” had to be genetically the same species of man. It would
have been genetically impossible for them to be on separate evolutionary paths

and successfully produce babies through cross-breeding.

===== Screenshot (278) -- Page 38 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

The academic community of anthropologists now believes that there was only
one species of man as far back as 150,000 years ago, and he was found over
Europe, Asia, the South Pacific, and Africa.

There are distinct physical differences between the peoples of Scandinavia,
Russia, the Mideast, Africa, and Latin America. Many of these unique
characteristics will immediately identify where in the world an individual's family
had originated from.

Skulls were discovered in a cave in Fontechevade, France, that for all practical
purposes looked like modern Frenchmen. However, with them were the skeletons
of tortoises and rhinoceroses that were from the warming period between the
third and fourth Ice Ages.

As the last Ice Age drew near its end, it is thought that several different
peoples immigrated into the Neanderthal territory, including the Cro-Magnon.
Five Cro-Magnon skeletons were discovered in the Cro-Magnon cave in south
central France. They were examples of one of the two types of peoples appearing
everywhere some 15,000 years ago, and they looked similar to the modern day
Swedes and Norwegians.

The town of Abbeville, France, is found where the River Somme meets the
English Channel. In 1830 Jacques Boucher de Crevecoeur de Perthes held the post
of customs officer in Abbeville. He had plenty of spare time between the comings
and goings of ships, so he was able to read about geology and to write stories,
plays, and books related to government regulations.

During an afternoon stroll along the banks of the Somme River, de Perthes
came across workmen, and as he stopped to observe them he noticed an unusual
stone nestled in the gravel of the river bank. He had discovered an ancient axe,
round on one end and a flaked blade point at the other end. He came back to
the river bank in his spare time and found the bones of ancient elephants and

rhinoceroses where he had previously found the axe.

It was sixteen years later that de Perthes finished his book showing that there
had been tool-making men on Earth fifty to a hundred thousand years earlier,
but it took an additional fifteen years for the academic community to accept his
findings!

In the Middle East where the country of Iraq is located, flowed two rivers, the
Tigris and the Euphrates, that brought water and mineral-rich silt to a green belt
east of Eden known as the “Fertile Crescent”—the Garden of Eden! This green
belt curled toward the west toward the Syrian beaches of the Mediterranean Sea
and southward to where the Biblical city of Jericho would be built. This Fertile
Crescent is where civilization and agriculture as we know it came to be and
flourished some 10,000 years ago.

On the hills along the two rivers wild wheat and barley grew, and wild animals
including goats, sheep, cattle, pigs, horses, and dogs were found in the lower
meadows. The people who moved into the Fertile Crescent became farmers and
herdsmen instead of hunter-gatherers, and by 9,000 BC they were tending their
herds and flocks and domesticating, planting, and harvesting wheat and barley.

It is believed that written history in words is about 5,000 years old and that
humans as we know them have been around for about 500,000 years; therefore,
approximately ninety nine percent of the period of time that humans have been

on earth is “prehistoric!”

The Beginnngs of Astrology and Medicine

Early prehistoric people's waking hours and dreams were filled with evil spirits
and devils that ransomed health and safety for high-value sacrifices and constant
prayer. Prehistoric peoples suffered unimaginable events that they perceived

were beyond their control, including infertility and birth defects (monsters) of

===== Screenshot (279) -- Page 40 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

every description. Down Syndrome, cerebral palsy, cleft lip and palate, missing
limbs, extra limbs, cycloptic eye, spina bifida, hernias, heart defects, cystic
fibrosis, muscular dystrophy, conjoined twins, dwarfs, and giants, as well as
inborn errors of metabolism causing PKU and congenital events that produced
unexplainable confusion like homosexuality, plagued them. They suffered from
starvation, epidemics, and plagues and from the cannibals that ate them and
their children, as well as from ecological and natural disasters that seemed to
appear in an endless stream.

Practices that were conducted by shamans and healers are thought to have
originated in Paleolithic (Old Stone Age) times. They were designed to fend off
the offending evil spirit and beg help for prevention and resolution of a myriad
of problems, including health and disease prevention and cures from a bevy of
benevolent spirits.

Relics of Mesolithic (Middle Stone Age) shamanism have been uncovered in
Israel. An old woman whose burial site dated back to 10,000 BC was obviously
thought to be united with nature and animals, for she was buried with specially
arranged stone diagrams, fifty tortoise shells, a human foot, and skeletons of
birds (including eagles), boars, leopards, and cattle.

In 8000 BC, the heavens bombarded the Mesopotamian world with an
unpredictable deluge of events beyond man’s capacity to compete. The concept
of a form of “stellar control” was a natural result of man’s awe—nothing “just
happened,” for everything was controlled by the gods. The stars were the symbol
of divinity in the ancient Sumerian culture; the predictable stars in the clear night
sky became the mother and father of what is called “astrology.”

In the earliest stages of astrology the planets, the sun, and the moon were
each given a relationship with a god, who was associated with the power to

control life as it was known on Earth:

Mercury was a quick, cunning, bisexual god, and was gifted with a

calculating wisdom.
Mars was set in place as the ruler of violence and war.
Jupiter was looked upon as the king-like ruler of men.

Saturn was viewed as a distant cooling sun in exile and was seen as being

quick-tempered and cruel.

Over time, these relationships and connections between stellar events and
man became generally accepted, and they were merged into what is today called
astrology. Studies of Ice Age scrimshaw show clearly that man was familiar with
lunar cycles by 30,000 BC. Fragments of documents from the reign of Sargon
of Agade (2870 BC) record how predictions were made from the position of the
sun, the moon, the five known planets, and a collection of other documented
phenomena, including comets, eclipses and lightning storms. Since the beginning
of astrology and the appearance of rationalism three hundred years ago,
astronomy and astrology shared overlapping and layered facts and importance.

The Chaldeans were famous for their accurate observations and mathematical
skills. They noted that the planetary bodies and stars in the skies adhered to
a predictable pattern. They observed that the stars traveled in a “fixed order”
across the heavens and the planets traveled eccentrically and in the same plane
as the entire stellar cosmos.

The first charts of planetary movement (ephemerides) were created, and the
first ephemerides date back to the time of the Assyrian king Assurbanipal during
the mid-7th century BC.

In preparing their cosmological charts and maps, the Chaldeans used the 12

primary constellations through which the sun and the moon predictably traveled

===== Screenshot (280) -- Page 42 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

and which became the early “Zodiac.” Every two hours the constellations would
change their position in the sky by 30 degrees, or one-twelfth of the complete
circle. For centuries, all astronomical observation remained tied to the rising
and settings of stellar bodies within the cosmos. There was a second set of
twelve divisions, separate of the first known as “houses.” They were numbered
from the east downward under the horizon and represented various aspects of
life: 1-Life, 2-Poverty/riches, 3-Brothers, 4—Parents, 5-Children, 6-Illness/health;
7-Wife/husband, 8-Death; 9-Religion, 10-Dignities, 11-Friendship, 12-Enmity.
The planets were identified by what houses they resided in and also by their
relationships to each other and their intersecting angles which would reveal the
influence they would have.

A close relationship has always existed between health, medicine, and
astrology; until the 18th century the two pursuits were overlapping and mixed,
with knowledge of astrology an essential part of a doctor's basic training and a
map to his treatment plan. An astrological chart would be created to determine
when the patient would retire each evening, when to expect the disease peak or
rise to a crisis, and what therapies to prescribe.

The different parts of the patient's anatomy were thought to be under the
influence of specific Signs and planets that were also related to specific diseases.
The patient's health and vitality were thought to be heavily influenced by his
Birth Chart, and it was thought with the correct care and eating the correct diet,

he could avoid disease.

Hermetic Medicine

Astrological medicine was first organized in the work of Hermes Trismegistos,
the name that the Greeks gave to the Egyptian god, Thoth, and although

some limited amounts of the treatments it recommended are still practiced, this

system theorized that man reproduced himself in miniature (microcosm) and the
structure of the universe (macrocosm). It went on to point out that different
diseases were specific to the different decans or ten degree divisions of the Signs.

For example, stomach issues were indicated in the first decanate of Virgo.

The Four Humours

The Greek physician/philosopher Hippocrates (460 BC) postulated that a man’s
character and health were related to a balance of the four “humours”: blood,
phlegm, black bile, and yellow bile. The four humours were loosely connected
through astrology with the triplicities, the four groups of Signs: fiery, earthy, airy,

and watery.

“A physician without knowledge of astrology has no right to call himself
a physician.”

—Hippocrates

Culpepper’s Herbal Remedies

The Arabs were the first to link the healing and curative nature of herbs with
specific “astrological signs and planets.” A variety of systems were employed to
determine which planet affected an herb typically through an interpretation of
the triplicities. The Complete Herbal by Nicolas Culpepper (1616-1654) lists herbs
according to the diseases they relieved or cured. For example, agrimony was good
for liver complaints, Jupiter rules the liver; therefore, Jupiter rules agrimony. Each
planet was designated as “lord of a day” (Sun/Sunday, Moon/Monday, and so
forth). Therefore herbs gathered on their planet's day, especially in the first and

eight hours, were at their most efficient:

===== Screenshot (281) -- Page 44 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Aries Briony (purging, cramps, stitches); Crowfoot (drawing a_ blister);
Honeysuckle (biliousness); Nettles (pleurisy, sore throat); Rhubarb (mild

purgative).

Taurus Arrack (swellings of the throat); Beans (the water good for the
complexion; half a bean will stop a cut bleeding); Elder (root cures adder sting;

flowers boiled, water calms sunburn).

Gemini Carrot (helps conception); Fern (swollen spleen; makes ointment for cuts
or prickles); Haresfoot (diarrhea and dysentery); Lavender (headache, toothache;

fainting, apoplexy and dropsy).

Cancer Flax (inflammation, tumors; diseases of the chest and lungs); Privet (sore
mouth, treating sores); Saxifrage (stomach weakness, cramps, convulsions; the

leaves give a good flavor to wine).

Leo Bay (berries good for cold, rheumatism; they mightily expel the wind);

Celandine (piles and haemorrhoids); Walnuts (pain and inflammation of the ears).

Virgo Caraway (helps digestion, sharpens the eyesight); Horehound
(consumption, pain in the side, yellow jaundice); Myrtle (stops the spitting of

blood; diarrhea and dysentery).

Libra Asparagus (expels the stone; stirreth up lust); Chestnuts (the cough); Daisy

(pleurisy and pneumonia); Garden mint (hiccoughs).

Scorpio Broom (clears the chest); Furze (jaundice, cleaning the kidneys); Hops
(cleanse the blood; cure venereal disease); Tobacco (rheumatic pain; toothache;
powdered kills lice).

Sagittarius Betony (removes spots from face and hands); Borage (clarifies
the blood; fortifies); Dandelion (cleans the urinary passages); Moss (eases

inflammation).

Capricorn Amaranthus (stops all bleeding); Beet (burns, weals, blisters); Hemlock
(roasted, good for gout and inflammation; very dangerous); Onion (coughs;

earache; increase the sperm).

Aquarius Heartsease (good for convulsions in children); Hemp (expels the wind,
but makes men sterile; kills worms); Medlar (stops miscarriages); Quince (sore

mouths).

Pisces Dock (cleans the blood, strengthens the liver; takes away freckles);
(removes warts, chilblains); Sage (blackens the hair; cures headaches); Succory

(‘drives forth cholera’).

Ancient Prescriptions

Stanley Finger, a neuroscientist and a medical historian, stated that “The
assertion that the brain may have been given a special role in higher functions
prior to the advent of the great civilizations is based on the fact that skulls
with holes deliberately cut or bored into them have been found in a number of
Neolithic (New Stone Age) sites.”

The procedure of drilling a hole in the skull by cutting, drilling, and scraping
is called trepanation and was common in ancient times. In prehistoric ages the
excised bone plug was often worn as a charm or amulet to fend off evil spirits. It is
thought that trepanation was employed by ancient shamans to ward off crippling

headaches and seizures and allow “evil spirits” to flee. At a single French burial

===== Screenshot (282) -- Page 46 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

site, dated back to 6500 BC, approximately a third of the 120 prehistoric human
skulls exhibited trepanation holes.

Trepanation has been widely practiced throughout the world, including Africa,
pre-Columbian Mesoamerica and across Europe. More than 10,000 trepanated
skulls have been unearthed from ancient Peruvian excavation sites.

In 1991 a human body (named “Otzi”) was recovered from the Otztaler Alps
of South Tyrol at the 10,600 foot altitude. He lay there covered by glacial ice for
5,300 years. He was a dark-skinned male, aged between twenty-five and forty
years. His build and stature were that of the Late Neolithic populations of Italy
and Switzerland (DNA analysis confirmed links to Northern Europe). His facial hair
was shaved. A full body scan showed that he had “black lung” resulting from the
inhalation of campfire smoke, arteriosclerosis, arthritis (in his neck, right hip, and
lower back), and healed rib fractures from trauma that had occurred long before
his death.

Otzi had multiple blue tattoos in the form of parallel lines and small crosses
on both sides of his lower back, calf, ankles, and inner aspects of his right
knee. These marks are thought to be therapeutic signs to repel evil spirits. His
belongings found with the body included a copper axe, a 180 cm bow of yew
wood, a deerskin quiver containing fourteen bone and stone pointed arrows, a
sharp flint-bladed knife, collections of an agaric tree-fungus known for antibiotic
properties, iron pyrite, charcoal and flint (fire starting tools), and size six leather
shoes (with lace holes) insulated with straw. A radiocarbon dating of Otzi and his
belongings indicate that he lived during 3300 BC.

In March 2013 a study in Lancet reported the results of full body CT scans
on 137 mummies: one third (44) showed advanced vascular calcification. The
mummies originated from Egypt, Peru, the southwestern U.S., and the Aleutian
Islands, and they were dated at 2000 BC.

Cardiovascular disease is not genetically transmitted as doctors of the 20th

and 21st centuries would have you believe; rather, cardiovascular disease is a
collection of diseases that are caused by free-radical damage to the lining of
the arteries (inflammation) and nutritional deficiencies (e.g., cardiomyopathy/
selenium deficiency; congestive heart failure/thiamine deficiency; coronary
thrombosis/omega-3 deficiency, aneurysms/copper deficiency, atrial fibrillation/
degenerative disc disease, and others).

The magic-filled Ebers Papyrus, dated back to 1550 BC, contains a base
of superstitious recipes including incantations for fending off disease-causing
demons and evil spirits.

Listed in the Ebers Papyrus was a prescription for the eye, to be employed for
all ailments of the eye: “human brain, divide into two halves, mixed one half with
honey, smear on the eye in the evening; dry the other half of the brain, mash, sift,
smear on the eye in the morning.”

Jackie Campbell at the KNH Center for Biomedical Egyptology at the
University of Manchester in England has completed an exhaustive study of the
ingredients ancient Egyptian physicians recommended for their patients. She

determined that two thirds would actually have worked:

According to Martindale's Extra Pharmacopoeia (1977) sixty-two percent of
the Egyptians’ choice of ingredients listed in the papyri were still employed
in the 1970s. Many, in their original form or in synthetic forms are still used
today.

To prepare their remedies, the Egyptians used processes known to 20th
century pharmacists. They knew how to concentrate remedies by boiling
them, when to dilute them, and by macerating or grinding produced more
of the medicinal substances. The Egyptians were skilled at extracting active

substances from plants and producing water and alcohol tinctures.

===== Screenshot (283) -- Page 48 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Compared to the 1973 British Pharmacological Codex sixty-seven
percent of the ancient Egyptian remedies complied with standards
and protocols—with the exception of injectable remedies, the Egyptians
produced and issued the same categories of medicines as modern

pharmacists.

The medical papyri showed that the Egyptians used enemas, draughts and
tinctures, lotions and liniments, creams, ointments, and mouthwashes. The
Egyptians employed eye drops administered through a bird's feather shaft, pills,
powders, and poultices, and for gynecological problems used pessaries; for nasal
congestion, physicians recommended remedies to be poured on hot stones and
the steam inhaled via a hollow reed. They routinely prepared and dispensed
suppositories by mixing the active agent into a heavy animal fat, rolling the
mix into a pill solid enough for insertion and which then would melt at body
temperature.

The opium poppy has historically been connected with the cultures of the Near
East including Turkey; however, there is a species of P. somniferum that originates
from southern France, Spain, and northwestern Africa.

There is an ancient cave dated back to 5500 BC that in addition to many
artifacts found there were intact capsules of opium poppy discovered in a
religious artifact. In the Swiss Lake village dated back to the Early Bronze Age
(300 BC), stores of poppy seeds and presscake were found along with collections
of flax (Linum spp.), barley (Hordeum spp.), einkorn, emmer, and bread wheat
(Triticum spp.).

It is not agreed upon whether the poppy was a semi-cultivated weed or a
cultivar. The Swiss Lake dwellings were unearthed in the Swiss Foreland between
the Alps and the Jura Mountains. These are located where the rivers originating

in the highlands and mountains drained into the lowlands, forming lakes and the

headwaters of the major European rivers such as the Rhine, Rhone, Po, and the
Danube.

It is not known by what means or route the people or poppies arrived from
Iberia to Switzerland. However, the northward path along the Rhone River seems
the most plausible, and it is thought that farming cultures arrived from the
Balkans by exploring the Danube.

Initially, the poppy plant was cultivated in Switzerland in large quantities as a
food seed that was pressed for oil and milled into flour; there is no evidence that
the poppy was smoked or used as medicine in early Western Europe.

From 1600 to 1200 BC, the poppy trade was part of the northern European
amber and tin trade routes and as a result spread eastward from Switzerland,
and both intentionally and accidently as a windblown weed spread to the eastern
Mediterranean. Then in the Late Bronze Age, poppies are finally listed in Greek
records, including in Homer's /liad, where the poppy was lauded and routinely
employed as a potent medicinal herb (Theophrastus and Discoides) and where
poppies and pomegranates (Punica) were commonly employed in art and jewelry.

From the Greek city states, poppies spread into the cultures of Crete, Egypt,
the Middle East, and the Near East, where the plant began to be used as a narcotic
— opium. In ancient Crete, there appears to have been a poppy goddess who
wore a crown adorned with three poppy seed capsules.

Some individuals took on the responsibility to call on good spirits and gods
to defend and heal the victims of evil spirits. As villages, societies, and kingdoms
developed, the culture's witches, magicians, priests, physicians, and god-kings
took high positions or became “supreme deities” to protect their people and even
attempt to control global and stellar events.

Priests, physicians, and god-kings began to build temples and towers to
formalize their communications to spirits both good and evil. They mapped out

the stars and constellations, and they chanted and sang their prayers to the spirits

===== Screenshot (284) -- Page 60 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

of Hea (Earth) and Ana (Sky). They knew the spirits and gods changed their minds
like the winds changed their directions, so prayer (in all its forms), the burning
of sacrifices (incense, goats, and humans) were thought to be required to keep in
good graces with their good and evil spiritual masters. They would perhaps chant:
“Remember him who makes sacrifices. May forgiveness and peace flow for him
like molten brass. May this man’s days be vivified by the sun!—Spirit of the Earth,
remember! Spirit of the Sky, remember!”

During these times of subservience to evil, maleficent, and also beneficent
spirits and gods, the river tribes of the Tigris and Euphrates flourished. The
Sumerians developed the lower Euphrates valley 5000 years BC; the black
Akkadians dominated Babylon 3000 BC; the Elamites, the early Persians, are
traced from the fourth millennium; the star-gazing constellation experts, the
Babylonians, became founders of a “World Empire”; the Assyrians, as servants
of Babylon, conquered western Asia and Egypt; and the Medes were a perennial
culture who were only later in time defeated by swarms of Persians who

eventually conquered all of Asia.

The Flourishing of Ancient Egyptian Medical Papyri

In 1822 the translation of the Rosetta Stone led to the translation of ancient
Egyptian hieroglyphic inscriptions and papyri, including many that were related
to Egyptian medical papyri.

The 19th century interest in Egyptology led to the discovery and translation
of many sets of complete medical documents, including the Ebers Papyrus, the
Edwin Smith Papyrus (1550 BC), the Hearst Papyrus (1450 BC), the Berlin papyrus
(12000 BC), the London Medical Papyrus, and others dating back to 3000 BC.

The Edwin Smith Papyrus is a textbook on surgery and details anatomical

observations and the “examination, diagnosis, treatment, and prognosis” of
numerous diseases. It is thought to have been written in 1600 BC; however, it is
thought to be a copy and summary of several earlier medical texts. The medical
information it contains is known from 3000 BC.

Imhotep, in the 3rd dynasty, is credited as the original author of the papyrus
text, and is considered the founder of ancient Egyptian medicine. The earliest
reported surgery was performed in Egypt in 2750 BC.

The ancient Egyptians were consciously aware of the importance of diet, both
in “balance and moderation.” Egypt was rich with fertile land because of the
mineral-rich silt delivered by the annual Nile River floods. However, the poor,
landless, and the hungry were a constant feature of Egyptian society.

The primary ancient Egyptian crops included emmer wheat and barley, which
were consumed as loaves that were prepared by baking and fermentation with
yeast. Typically one Egyptian farmer supported twenty people and their livestock.

The barley was also fermented to brew beer, and a large variety of vegetables
and fruit were commonly grown. Oil was produced from the flax (linseed) plant,
and there were herbs and spices that were grown, traded, and imported by
farmers and merchants.

Meat (mutton, lamb, goat, pig, birds, etc.) was plentiful and available to
royalty, the wealthy, and farmers. Fish was generally consumed by the masses.

There are some writings that indicate that the Egyptians followed some forms
of food restrictions and prohibitions; for instance, Herodotus declared that the
pig was unclean. To gain the favor of kings and members of the royal court, it was
not unusual to bring offerings to show appreciation. Recorded offerings to King
Unas (2494-2345 BC) included “milk, three types of beer, five different wines, ten
loaves, four of bread, ten of cakes, four types of meat of different cuts, joints,
roast, spleen, limb, breast, quail, goose, pigeon, figs, ten types of fruit, three

varieties of corn, barley, spelt, five kinds of oil and fresh plants...”

===== Screenshot (285) -- Page 92 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Ancient texts (3300 BC) from the Middle East record the use of biological
weapons. The ancient documents note that the Hittite's empire, which covered
the territory from Turkey to northern Syria, shipped tularemia-infected rams to
their enemies. Tularemia (rabbit fever), a deadly bacterial disease, is still used as a
bioterror weapon in the 20th and 21st centuries.

It is believed that tularemia, the “Hittite plague,” which roared through the
Middle East in the 14th century (1335 BC) was initiated by warring factions. In
letters to the Egyptian King Akhenaten, the besieged city of Simyra, a Phoenician
city near the border between Lebanon and Syria, the citizens complained of the
man-made pestilence.

Egyptian scribes of the New Kingdom gathered and compiled ancient papyri
devoted specifically to medicine. The Ebers Papyrus (1550 BC) contains many
incantations and foul applications designed to fend off disease-causing demons,
and additionally it contains 877 prescriptions for specific diseases. The Ebers
Papyrus outlines a systematic medical process: listening to patients’ complaints,
framing a diagnosis based on physiological theories, and making a clinical
examination. It is thought to be the earliest medical directive achieved in
Egyptian medicine, and it also is thought to contain some of the earliest recorded

notes on tumors:

When thou examinest a person who suffers from an obstruction in his
abdomen and thou findest that it goes-and-comes under thy fingers like
oil-in-a-tube, then say thou: ‘It all comes from his mouth like slime!’
Prepare for him:

Fruit-of-the-Dompalm

Dissolve in Man's Semen

Crush, cook in Oil and Honey

To be eaten by the Patient for four mornings.

Afterwards let him be smeared with dried, crushed, and pressed maqut grain.

When thou examines the obstruction in his abdomen and thou findest that
he is not in a condition to leap the Nile, his stomach is swollen and his chest
asthmatic, then say thou to him: ‘It is the Blood that has got itself fixed and
does not circulate.’ Do thou cause an emptying by means of a medicinal

remedy. Make him therefore:

Wormwood 1/8
Elderberries 1/16
Sebesten 1/8
Sasda-chips 1/8

Cook in Beer-that-has-been-brewed-from-many-ingredients, strain into one,
thoroughly and let the Patient drink.

This remedy drives out blood through his mouth or rectum which
resembles Hog’s Blood when-it-is-cooked. Either make him a poultice to
cool him in front, or thou dost not prepare him this remedy, but makest for
him the following really excellent Ointment composed of:

Ox fat

Saffron seeds

Coriander

Myrrh

Aager-tree

Crush and apply as a poultice.

When thou examines a person who has hardening, his stomach hurts him,
his face is pale, his heart thumps; when thou examines him and findest
his heart and stomach burning and his body swollen, then it is the sexen-

===== Screenshot (286) -- Page 94 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

illness in the Depths and the fire is consuming him. Make him a remedy
that quenches the fire and empties his bowels by drinking Sweet-Beer-
that-has-stood-in-dry-Dough. This is to be eaten and drunk for Four days.
Look every morning for six days following at what falls from his rectum.
If excrement fall out of him like little black lumps, then say to him:
“The body-fire has fallen from the stomach. The asi-disease in the body
has diminished.” If thou examines him after this has come to pass and
something steps forth from his rectum like the white of beans and drops
shoot forth out of him like nesu-of-tepaut, then thou sayest: “What was in
his abdomen has fallen down.” Make For Him This Remedy So That His Face
May Cool. Stand the cauldron over the fire, then make a mixture in it and

cook it in the usual way.

To Drive Away the Hardening in the Abdomen:
Bread-of-the-Zizyphus-Lotus I
Watermelon !
Cat's dung I
Sweet Beer I
Wine I

Make into one and apply as a poultice.


The medicine of the ancient Egyptians is recorded from the beginnings of
written history and civilization (3200 BC). Through and until the Persian invasion
of 525 BC Egyptian medical practices went unchanged and were considered very
advanced. They included surgery, bone setting, and a complete and wide-ranging
pharmacopoeia.

Homer in 800 BC stated in the Odyssey: “In Egypt, the men are more skilled

in medicine than any of human kind” and “the Egyptians were skilled in medicine
more than any other art.”

The Greek historian Herodotus visited Egypt in approximately 440 BC and
wrote extensively of his observations of their medical practices.

Pliny the Elder also wrote favorably of them in historical review. Hippocrates,
considered “the father of medicine,” as well as Herophilos, Erasistratus, and later,
Galen, studied at the temple of Amenhotep and acknowledged the contribution
of ancient Egyptian medicine to Greek medicine.

Magic was a double-edged sword. It could be an all-powerful protector,
and it could be conversely a terrible and vicious destroyer. Sorcerers became
independent agents who acted beyond the laws of religions, gods, and kings, and
who could formulate spells (for good or evil) that could save or kill for a price.

Cuneiform inscriptions from the royal library at Nineveh, which in the seventh
century BC King Ashurbanipal had compiled from the ancient Akkadian texts, are

an example of sorcerers incantations designed to kill:

The imprecation acts upon man like an evil demon. The screaming voice is
upon him. The maleficent voice is upon him. The malicious imprecation is
the cause of his disease. The maleficent imprecations strangle this man as
if he were a lamb. The god in his body made the wound, the goddess gives
him anxiety. The screaming voice, like that of the hyena, has overcome him

and masters him.

Individual sorcerers were believed to possess “the evil eye” that empowered
them to kill by merely glancing at an individual. Other sorcerers manufactured
dolls or images of their victims that they burned or stabbed with needles or
knives, inflicting various levels of damage depending on what level of sickness or

death was desired:

He who forges the image, he who enchants-The spiteful face, the evil eye;

===== Screenshot (301) -- Page 94 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

illness in the Depths and the fire is consuming him. Make him a remedy
that quenches the fire and empties his bowels by drinking Sweet-Beer-
that-has-stood-in-dry-Dough. This is to be eaten and drunk for Four days.
Look every morning for six days following at what falls from his rectum.
If excrement fall out of him like little black lumps, then say to him:
“The body-fire has fallen from the stomach. The asi-disease in the body
has diminished.” If thou examines him after this has come to pass and
something steps forth from his rectum like the white of beans and drops
shoot forth out of him like nesu-of-tepaut, then thou sayest: “What was in
his abdomen has fallen down.” Make For Him This Remedy So That His Face
May Cool. Stand the cauldron over the fire, then make a mixture in it and

cook it in the usual way.

To Drive Away the Hardening in the Abdomen:
Bread-of-the-Zizyphus-Lotus I
Watermelon !
Cat's dung I
Sweet Beer I
Wine I

Make into one and apply as a poultice.


The medicine of the ancient Egyptians is recorded from the beginnings of
written history and civilization (3200 BC). Through and until the Persian invasion
of 525 BC Egyptian medical practices went unchanged and were considered very
advanced. They included surgery, bone setting, and a complete and wide-ranging
pharmacopoeia.

Homer in 800 BC stated in the Odyssey: “In Egypt, the men are more skilled


in medicine than any of human kind” and “the Egyptians were skilled in medicine
more than any other art.”

The Greek historian Herodotus visited Egypt in approximately 440 BC and
wrote extensively of his observations of their medical practices.

Pliny the Elder also wrote favorably of them in historical review. Hippocrates,
considered “the father of medicine,” as well as Herophilos, Erasistratus, and later,
Galen, studied at the temple of Amenhotep and acknowledged the contribution
of ancient Egyptian medicine to Greek medicine.

Magic was a double-edged sword. It could be an all-powerful protector,
and it could be conversely a terrible and vicious destroyer. Sorcerers became
independent agents who acted beyond the laws of religions, gods, and kings, and
who could formulate spells (for good or evil) that could save or kill for a price.

Cuneiform inscriptions from the royal library at Nineveh, which in the seventh
century BC King Ashurbanipal had compiled from the ancient Akkadian texts, are

an example of sorcerers incantations designed to kill:

The imprecation acts upon man like an evil demon. The screaming voice is
upon him. The maleficent voice is upon him. The malicious imprecation is
the cause of his disease. The maleficent imprecations strangle this man as
if he were a lamb. The god in his body made the wound, the goddess gives
him anxiety. The screaming voice, like that of the hyena, has overcome him

and masters him.

Individual sorcerers were believed to possess “the evil eye” that empowered
them to kill by merely glancing at an individual. Other sorcerers manufactured
dolls or images of their victims that they burned or stabbed with needles or
knives, inflicting various levels of damage depending on what level of sickness or

death was desired:

He who forges the image, he who enchants-The spiteful face, the evil eye;

===== Screenshot (302) -- Page 56 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

The mischievous mouth, the mischievous words.
Spirit of the Sky, remember!
Spirit of the Earth, remember!

Incantations were formulated against black magic and ubiquitous demons of
disease, which entered houses like snakes to inflict infertility upon women, kill

children with disease, and decimate fields like hoards of Asian armies:

They fall on one land after the other.

They raise the slave above his rank,

They cast the freewoman out of the house where she gave birth,
They cast the young birds out of their nests into emptiness,
They drive the oxen before them, they drive away the lamb,

The evil, the cunning demons.

The calls for peace were often raised in the midst of chaos and dread through
hymns, prayer, and incantations for peace. Fragments of such incantations were

discovered on a broken tablet:

The garlands .. . exalted shepherd . . . on the thrones and alters . . . the

marble scepter . . . exalted shepherd, King, shepherd of the peoples.

The hymns and prayers of peace would end when Namtar, the terrible demon,
would unfold his black wings to spread disease and pestilence, and even strong
and successful humans would make offerings, sacrifice lambs, and pray to the

gods and spirits to save their families and themselves from sickness and death:

Spirit of Mulge (master of hell), Lord of the countries, remember.
Spirit of Nin-gelal (Earth), Lady of the countries, remember.
Spirit of Nindar (Saturn), mighty warrior of Mulge, remember.

Spirit of Paku (Mercury), sublime intelligence of Mulge, remember.

Spirit of En-Zuna (moon), son of Mulge, remember.
Spirit of Tishku (Venus), Lady of the hosts, remember.

Spirit of Udu, King of Justice, remember.

Evil beings and demons were able to sicken and kill both man and his flocks;
however, they could not end life on Earth completely, nor could they completely
or permanently disrupt the cycles of nature (the tides, seasons, and so forth). An
eclipse of the sun or moon could produce panic or be blamed for disease, but in
short order the sun and moon reappeared as symbols of order and producers of
life.

The Beliefs of the Chaldean People

As human societies moved forward over time they developed better laws and
interpretations of signs. The Chaldeans, Semitic people who settled in southern
Babylonia in the area of modern Iraq, and ruled Babylonia from 625-539 BC,
studied the stars and constellations in night sky and the Chaldean priests
recognized a “Supreme god.”

The Chaldean Supreme god was considered a creative god tied to eternal
laws. Two thousand years earlier a caste of priests had been created, to whom
all occult knowledge was entrusted. These priests became masters in the magic
and prescience of the day and were taken to predicting the future from the livers
and intestines of animal sacrifices and from the fire and smoke and the sparkling
fire reflected in precious jewels. They would predict future events from the noise
emanating from bubbling springs and unusual shapes of leaves and plants. They
would communicate with snakes, and birth defects in both man and animals

could be used for their predictions of the future of animals, humans, and nations.

===== Screenshot (303) -- Page 88 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Dreams were looked at as predictors of the future health and fortunes of men and
nations.

Weather events such as rain, cloud formations, wind, and lightening would
be interpreted for predictions of bad health and plagues. Even the splitting
and cracking of furniture and wooden paneling were believed to predict the
future. Such defects were referred to as Assaput or prophetic voices. Flies and
appearances of other insects and dogs of various colors were messengers of
forthcoming health status and events.

The priests constantly looked to the night sky, stars, and constellations for
laws of harmony, and through observation they recognized there was order in
the heavens that was predictable. A compilation of this celestial order produced
what we call today astrology; the priests interpreted this cycle as a harmonious
play. They recorded how events in the heavens controlled events on Earth, such as
the tide winds. The priests looked at this celestial hierarchy as the superior ruling
over the inferior Earth. In other words, the star-gods in the heavens ruled and
controlled all earthly events below.

Metals have always been related to the underworld since they were found in
the hidden reaches of the Earth where light from the sun, moon, and stars never
fell on them. However, the Chaldean astrologers saw a relationship between
metals and the planets—a concept which drove the medieval alchemists and
physicians.

Chaldeans believed that gold was the metal of the sun, silver was the metal
of the moon, lead was Saturn, tin was Jupiter, iron was Mars, and copper was in
Venus.

Sacred numbers are part of the astronomer’s world and the tools of the
astrologer. These numbers are directly and indirectly related; they seem to
support and assist one another and are used to make predictions. The believed

the number 7 occurs in the main stars of the Great Bear, the Lesser Bear, in the

Pleiades, and in Orion. The number 7 also fits the days of the moon quarter and
the 7 Planets of antiquity.

There are the 12 zodiacal symbols, 30 is the number of a moon period, and 30
are the number of years of Saturn's orbit around the sun. The product of 12 and
30 is about the number of days in a year.

The avid astrologer finds fertile fields in celestial numbers for their questions
and predictions. Along with astrology, the idea of mystical numbers found
support, and thus numerology has found daily use by passionate devotees. The
Chaldeans were accurate observers of the stars and planets, and many of their
beliefs were derived from what we now call meteorology, physics, chemistry, and
medicine.

Astrology is a mix of myth, science, and religion. The author of The History
of Magic and the Occult, Kurt Seligmann, states, “In its vast domain there is
nourishment for both spirit and soul, and there can be no doubt that astrology
owes its longevity to its psychic rather than to its intellectual value.”

Astrology and numerology are such profound discoveries that no generation
or time has been without their effect.

Chaldean royalty conceived and built the temple tower known as the ziggurat.
The tower featured steps that expressed the relationship between the celestial
world above and the Earth below.

The ziggurat represented a miniature world and was known as the “mountain
of Earth.”

In Babylon the royals and priests built the El-Temen-An-Ki or the house of
the foundation stone of Heaven and Earth. This monument was called the Tower
of Babel in the Bible. The tower had seven stages that represented the seven
planets, and its angles represented the four corners of the world pointing to

Akkad, Saburtu, Elam, and the western lands.

===== Screenshot (304) -- Page 60 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

The seven steps of the tower were painted different colors that represented
the planets. The height of El-Temen-An-Ki was equal to its length. The resulting
square was divided into seven, and yet respected the ancient belief of the
fourfold world. For the first time in history numbers represented the world order.

A legend describes Pythagoras travelling to Babylon, where he taught the
wonder and mystery of numbers. An earlier woodcut depicts a learned man
wrapped in a doctor's cloak placing his foot on the first step of the tower to attain
“the knowledge of God.”

By ascending these seven steps the doctor would attain the knowledge of God,
which would be found at the eighth degree—the threshold of God's heavenly
dwelling. In Lully’s book On the Ascent, the seven steps are stone, fire, plants,
animals, man, starry heavens, and the angels.

The Babylonian commonwealth was operated according to the law that priests
had formulated from observations of the universe. They believed that nothing
could disrupt the world and its laws other than the “impiety of man.” Once
provoked, the gods would leave the temples and choose to move to a foreign
country (maybe even an enemy state). Then chaos would rule and Chaldea would
become a victim of evil men and evil spirits. The temple towers were the symbols
of the repository of all ancient wisdom. With the belief that their knowledge was
to be valid forever, the kings had constructed the towers in such a fashion that
they would resist the ravages of time and last forever. The ziggurat never attained
a height above 300 feet. The royal seal was on each brick, and the kings who built
them claimed the towers were like Heaven and built to be the equivalent status of
superhuman. In the symbolic language of Asia, the towers builders said, “Come,
let us build ourselves a city with a tower, whose top shall reach to the Heavens, so
that we may not be scattered over all the Earth.”

Included in the rebuilt temple towers by Nabopalassar (who reigned 625-604

BC) was the Tower of Babylon. An inscription dedicating this event reads:

As for the temple tower of Babylon, El-Temen-An-Ki, which before my time
had become weakened and had fallen in, Marduk the lord commanded me
to lay its foundation in the heart of the Earth and to raise its turrets to
Heaven. | caused numerous workmen to be assembled in my land to carry
them. | set to work, | made bricks, | manufactured burnt bricks. Like the
downpour of Heaven which cannot be measured, like the massive flood, |
caused the Arabu to carry bitumen and pitch. With the help of Hea, with
the insight of Marduk, with the wisdom of Nebo and Nisaba...1 came to a
decision. By means of exorcism, in the wisdom of Hea and Marduk, | cleared

away the place and on the original site | laid its platform foundation.

The rebuilt tower again degenerated into ruin. King Nebuchadnezzar,
Nabopalassar’s son and successor (who reigned 605-562 B.C.), refers to its
restoration in an inscription: “The temples of Babylon | have restored. As for
El-Temen-An-Ki, with burned bricks and bright ugnu-stone | raised on high its
turrets.”

Eventually these famous towers disappeared with the lavishness and glory of

Babylon.

Early Medicines: Antidotes and Curatives

Shamanism, the practice of contacting spirits through dream work and
meditation (trances), is thought to be one of the oldest religions and is still
practiced in many primitive cultures even in modern times. By means of fasting
and meditation, shamans walked the spirit path to gather knowledge. Shamans
collected knowledge and developed skills of magic enhanced by magical tools
like rattles and bones, and their rituals included playing drums, chanting, singing,

dancing, and making sacrifices around a fire.

===== Screenshot (305) -- Page 62 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

The Celts (350 BC) of West and Central Europe created the Druids, a priestly
class. Like shamans, Druids accumulated knowledge about the spiritual world
and they became specialized as healers (doctors), midwives, and leaders with
understanding of rituals, weather, law, and astrology.

In 371 AD, the Roman Empire adopted Christianity as the official state religion.
Roman soldiers enforced the official state religion and killed local priests who
defied them. This cruel purge included the Druids who were decimated and killed.

It was 400 BC when Hippocrates and members of his “radical Greek
movement” teased the “art” of medicine from the loins of magicians and priests.
It is not clear whether Hippocrates himself authored the Hippocratic Corpus.
However, these writings show that a small band of Greek physicians committed
themselves to a new and revolutionary thought: “Disease sprang from natural
and or physical causes from the patient's environment, diet, and daily habits
rather than Divine punishment or evil spirits.”

Prior to Euclid, geometry was utilitarian as practiced; it was created to meet
a particular need in surveying or astronomy. The ancient Egyptians knew how to
calculate the area of a circle. The Babylonians knew how to measure areas and
volumes. It wasn’t until the Hellenistic period, around 300 BC, that the state of
geometry (Greek: geometria—to measure the earth) changed forever with the
works of a mathematician named Euclid.

Euclid published his revolutionary works in geometry in a series of books
titled The Elements of Geometry. The series presents a collection of axioms and,
from these deduces propositions and theorems. Although Euclid’s work was not
a new thought, he was the first to show how these theorems could fit into
a comprehensive and deductive system. According to Euclid’s axioms, any two
points can be connected by a straight line; any straight line whose length can be
determined can be extended in a straight line; a circle can contain any center and

any radius; all right angles are equal to each other; the fifth axiom relates to the

intersections of lines in a plane.

Since the beginning of time, humans have been fearful of poisons. In
ancient Rome poisons were used to facilitate assassinations and state-decreed
executions, which generated the search for a universal antidote. Two widely
known antidotes, which were thought to provide protection against a wide
variety of poisons, were Mithridatium, developed in 100 BC, and Theriac,
developed during the first century AD. The number of herbs, metals, and
elements that comprised these formulas is beyond comprehension.

Mithridatium is thought to have been formulated by Mithridates VI, King of
Pantus (Turkey) who was a mix of Persian, Greek, and Macedonian ancestry. The
King created the formula, which contained more than 45 substances, out of fears
of assassination by poisoning from animal venoms and mystic poisons. He tested
the effectiveness of his formula on slaves and condemned criminals.

In the first century AD, Andromachus the Elder, physician to Roman Emperor
Nero, updated Mithridatium with the addition of viper flesh and increasing the
dosage of opium. The resulting formula was referred to as Theriac. In the twelfth
century it was also called Venice Treacle and was known to contain at least 64
ingredients, including minerals, poisons, animal flesh, herbs, flowers, sea onions
(squills), and honey.

Theriac was thought to be a protectant and antidote against poisoning and
also was believed to be a treatment for a plethora of diseases including bubonic
plague. By the Middle Ages, Theriac contained more than 100 ingredients and
required several years to “mature.” Throughout Europe, Theriac was still widely
available well into the twentieth century.

According to John Griffin, “The two ancient products, Mithridatium and
Theriac Andromachus, held central places in therapeutics for nearly two
millennia. Concern for the quality of these products was the stimulus for

requiring the public compounding of these preparations, later (this practice was)

===== Screenshot (306) -- Page 65 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

replaced by inspection of manufacture and examination of finished product .. .
Perhaps in the final analysis, the contribution of Mithridatium and Theriac to
modern medicine was that concerns about their quality stimulated the earliest
concepts of medicine's regulation.”

In the year 1000 AD, a strange fate befell the mummies of ancient Egypt.
The peoples of Europe somehow got the idea that by consuming a dried powder
derived from Egyptian mummies they could gain miraculous healing power and
longevity.

For many centuries, Europeans had used a curative powder derived from a
dark, pitch-like substance called bitumen. Originally, bitumen was found oozing
out of the cracks in the rocks of certain mountains in distant Persia.

After it was dried and hardened, bitumen was ground into fine particles that
could be consumed orally or used as a topical medicine on sores, ulcers, and
wounds. The downside was that Persian bitumen was scarce and pricey.

Egyptian mummies that had been soaked in pitch were dark and brittle. Anew
trade developed. Hundreds of thousands of mummies were dug up. The primary
source of these mummies was the mass graves of the “hastily mummified poor.”
Their bodies, whole or dismembered, were then shipped to apothecaries or drug
traders of Europe, where they were ground into a black “butumen powder"!

Powdered mummy was used for every ailment and sickness. It was taken
by mouth as a remedy for concussions, paralysis, epilepsy, ulcers, coughs, and
headaches, and as an antidote for poisoning. Dried mummy was applied topically
to bruises and broken bones, and it was believed to prevent infection and stop
hemorrhage.

King Francis |, who ruled France in the 1500s, never travelled without his
pouch of ground mummy powder should he fall from his horse or have some
unforeseen injury.

People of Europe believed that bitumen cured many ills and that Egypt's

mummies contained bitumen. Pitch and bitumen are chemically very similar, and
so there would have been some real healing benefit from the corpse’s mineral
content.

The word “mummy” originated in Persia as the word “mum” and the Arabic
word “mumiyah,” both of which translate to mean bitumen. As a result of
the perceived benefit, the world’s annual demand for dried mummy grew ever
stronger for many centuries.

By the 1600s, so many of the ancient Egyptian mass grave pits had been
robbed and pilfered that, as a result, there wasn't enough “ground mummy
medicine” to meet the demand—prices soared!

A grisly trade developed to meet the demand; the bodies of animals, criminals,
beggars, disease victims, and the freshly dead were converted into “instant”
mummies by soaking them in pitch or asphalt and letting them dry quickly in the
desert sun.

Over time, the word of the mummy “factories” and the wide-spread fraud
of the mummy traders spread, sales dropped and by the mid-1700s, the world
demand for ground mummy began to fade. The mummy factories adapted and
sold their instant ground mummy as bone meal and fertilizer to British farmers.

Ground mummy was also used as an ingredient in the mixing of artist's paints
for portraits in the belief that work of art and the subject would live longer.
The torn and discolored linen wrappings from mummies were sold in Europe and
America, and by the 1800s, the paper mills in America began to use the resin-
soaked linen to manufacture brown paper. In Egypt the poor desert people used

the resin-soaked linen bandages for fuel.

===== Screenshot (307) -- Page 67 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

The persecution of Jewish physicians and healers and their colleagues is a
pervasive continuum in the history of medicine. In 1161, eighty-six Jews were
burned alive as punishment for “an alleged plot by Jewish physicians to
poison the citizens of Bohemia in central Europe.” In 1348 many Jews were
“exterminated” for supposedly causing the Black Death in Europe, despite the
fact that many Jews died during the ravages of the plague.

According to pronouncements of the medical faculty of the University of
Vienna (1610), Jewish law “forced Jewish physicians to murder every tenth
Christian by means of poisoning.”

Martin Luther, the German theologian wrote, “If they (the Jews) could kill
us all, they would gladly do so .. . They do it often, especially those who
pose as physicians.” Luther, also encouraged his followers to “burn down their
synagogues.”

Several popes in the European Middle Ages forbade Christians from seeking
help from Jewish physicians, and later in the seventeenth century, the clergy of
Hall in Wurttemberg declared that, “it were better to die with Christ than to be
cured by a Jew doctor aided by the devil.”

In 1905 Albert Einstein, a 26-year-old Jewish patent clerk in Bern, Switzerland,
first published in a paper his findings known as the “special theory of relativity”
which made use of two key physical ideas that were known previously: the
principle of relativity and the constant speed of light.

Prior to Einstein's Theory of Relativity about the constant speed of light,
physicists believed that electromagnetic waves moved through a medium called
“ether,” similar to the process of ocean waves moving through water. They looked
at ether as a background against which all movement took place, believing “all
mass in motion moved relative to the ether.”

Einstein felt that it was a mistake to assume the existence of ether, which had

not been verified experimentally.

In his theory of relativity, Einstein did away with the concept of ether
completely, assuming only that the laws of physics, including the speed of light,
worked the same no matter how the observer was moving. The mathematical
consequences of Einstein's theory were no less than Earth-shaking, and they
have been experimentally verified. The expression of the theory is: “as an object
moves with a velocity relative to an observer, the object's mass increases and its
length contracts.” Probably the most famous consequence of the theory is the
equivalence of mass and energy that is explained in the simple equation: E = mc2.

The special theory of relativity also demonstrated a basic link between
space and time: “four-dimensional framework referred to as ‘the space-time
continuum.’ This continuum consists of three dimensions representing space up/
down; left/right; forward/backward; and a single dimension representing time.”

Einstein's theory is thought to be special because it applies the principle of
relativity only to the special case in which the motion of objects is uniform.

In spite of the extraordinary contributions of Jewish scientists, doctors, and
other professionals, in 1938 Germany revoked the licenses of Jewish physicians.
The resultant doctor shortage caused Germany to reduce the period of medical
training by two years.

In the years just before World War II, quotas limited the number of Jewish
medical students and physicians at American medical schools. To judge the
medical school applicant's Jewishness, administrators examined student names
and asked about religious affiliation on medical school applications. In 1940
the dean of Cornell University’s medical college limited the number of Jews
allowed to enter each class, and the applications of Jewish candidates at Yale
Medical School were marked with an “H” for Hebrew. The head of Columbia
University’s Neurological Institute was instructed in 1945, “to fire all the Jews in

his department or resign.” He resigned!

===== Screenshot (308) -- Page 69 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

In modern times Jewish doctors continue to be subjected to fictitious
allegations. In 1988 a Chicago mayoral assistant charged that “Jews injected
the AIDS virus into African Americans,” and in 1997 a prominent Palestinian
representative suggested that the “Israelis injected Palestinian children with HIV.”

Through the span of 28,000 years, from the time of the Lascaux Cave drawings
to the medical robotics of the 21st century, humans developed hundreds, if not
thousands, of theories to explain the causes and transmission of disease, our

solar and weather events, and physical laws. The numbers of people who were

tortured and killed in the pursuit of answers to questions of science and medicine
numbered in the millions, and in most cases little or no progress was achieved.
The few individuals who dared to question the thinking of the priests and
physicians paid the highest price. But there were those who were able to weave
the prevailing theories into their new thinking—to move humanity forward and
produce new sciences including alchemy, medicine, and pharmacy as we know

them today.

===== Screenshot (309) -- Page 70 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

CHAPTER TWO


Myths and Alchemy

Gold Cooks

Plato says that there are four species of beings—those of the air, the
birds; those of the water, the fishes; those of the Earth, the pedestrians; and
those of the heavens, the stars, whose element is fire.

During the Renaissance, Agrippa von Nettesheim, reluctant to accept
the idea that the stars were related to the Earthly fauna, modified Plato’s
statement. Agrippa, basing his opinion on Aristotle, Dioscorides and Pliny the
Elder, said that, ‘fire shelters salamanders and crickets.’ A simple experiment
would have proven that salamanders and crickets die in fire, like any other
animal, but Agrippa shared with the past an aversion to experimentation.
From Pliny we learn that similar beliefs concerning the marvelous virtues of
salamanders existed in Egypt and Babylon. Without a doubt Aristotle had
gathered his wisdom from Oriental neighbors, and did not find it necessary
to submit the salamander to a scientific test. Thus did a superstitious belief
perpetuate itself for about two thousand years.

—Kurt Seligmann
The History of Magic and the Occult

Alchemy stresses that non-human substances—the dematerialized earth
substances—participate vicariously in a mysterious transformation. The
alchemists saw ‘spiritualized’ substance as able to become a pontifex, ‘bridge
builder.’ They called it the lapis philosophorum (philosopher's stone) or
Caelum, Heaven, and likened it to the Christ as an imago Dei, man’s likeness
to God. A caelum, Jung tells us, was ‘described as a universal medicine
(the panacea, alexipharmic, medicine catholica, etc.), as a life pro-longing,
strengthening and rejuvenating magical potion.’ It was ‘living stone,’ a ‘stone
that hath a spirit ... Above all, its incorruptibility is stressed: It lasts a long
time, or for all eternity; though alive it is unmoved; it radiates magic power
and transforms the perishable into the imperishable and the impure into the
pure; it multiplies itself indefinitely; it is simple and therefore universal.’ (C.G.
Jung, Collected Works, Vol. 14, par. 770; Princeton University Press, 1963.)

—Edward C. Whitmont, MD
The Alchemy of Healing: Psyche and Soma

Elixir of Life

The word “elixir” originates from the Arabian word “aliksir," and in ancient
Greek chemical writings translates to “the transmuting agent, by which base
metals could be turned into gold and silver.” European alchemists referred to
the “Philosopher's Stone” which was generally believed to possess universal

curative powers, as the Elixir of Life. Many ancient scholars recorded that the

===== Screenshot (310) -- Page 72 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

elixir could be concocted from other stones not identical to the philosopher's
stone. A notation in the Universal Lexicon by H. Zedler, an eighteenth century
reference, defined the word elixir as “a dark-coloured medicine, composed of
many ingredients dissolved in a strong solvent.”

A belief in a “panacea” or universal remedy for all diseases can be traced back
to the ancient times when the immortality of the gods was explained by their
consumption of special foods and drink—the nectar and ambrosia of the Greek
gods. It was generally believed that the Elixir of Life and other panaceas could
be created from a mixture of rare ingredients like gold, pearls, and a variety of
jewels.

During early centuries AD, Alexandria was the center for the secret doctrine
that promised to convert impure metals into gold and concurrently to convert
humans into pure sages. And the grand goal for their alchemical beliefs was to be
able to produce the “universal remedy”—the panacea.

The theory posed that if in fact the philosopher (alchemist) had achieved a
level of expertise such that he could become an expert in metallic transformation
by turning base metal into gold, he should be able to employ these skills for
solving the problems of humans, including all diseases. This is where the lofty
goals of the Western and those of the Chinese came together. There are myths
and legends of a great Chinese master of the secrets of alchemy of the second
century AD, Wei Po-Yang, who is said to have become immortal along with one of
his disciples and his dog, which had accidently eaten the leftovers of the magical
panacea.

In Europe the hunger for gold created a single-minded obsession, and as a
result the interest in synthetizing and transmuting base metals into gold was
raised to a feverish pitch and spoken of more frequently than the original loftier
goal of searching for the Elixir of Life.

Typically, medicines are formulated to treat or cure a specific disease; however,

the alchemist's ultimate goal was the creation of the panacea that would cure
all maladies and produce immortality. The theory that would support the lofty
goal included the concept that all diseases had a common or universal etiology
that was “a disturbed balance of the elements and humours.” Therefore, if it were
possible to find an agent able to redress this balance, the universal remedy would
be found.

Numerous alchemists had claimed to have created the panacea, including
Paracelsus and Jan Baptist van Helmont (1577-1644 AD). In the writings of
Paracelsus's followers, the medical alchemists who cured disease by means of
inorganic compounds rather than drugs, there are numerous references to a
mysterious “tincture philosophorum” or Philosopher's Tincture. One of the written
works of 1560 points out that by employment of the art of the true alchemist
the tincture is concocted, and that “the true aim of the true medical men is the
resurrection and regeneration of nature.”

In a written text attributed to Paracelsus and published initially in 1570,
entitled De Tinctura Physicorum (On the Tincture of the Physicians), is found:
“This is the tincture by which some of the first physicians in Egypt, afterwards,
up till our times, have lived for 150 years. The lives of many of them lasted for
some centuries, as history clearly teaches, although this does not seem to be
true to anybody: because its force is so miraculous, that it is able to enlighten
the body ... and to strengthen him to such a degree that he will remain free of
all diseases and although afflicted by old age, will appear as it had been in his
youth. Therefore the tincture physicorum is a universal remedy which devours all
sicknesses like a fire devouring wood. Its quantity is tiny, but its force is mighty.”

More than any other ancient culture, the Greeks used inductive reasoning and
a mix of poetry and mythology. Natural phenomena were looked at through the

prism of “the higher realms of the mind which were thought to partake of the

===== Screenshot (311) -- Page 74 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

divine.” This process of reasoning may explain why the Greeks failed to pursue
experimental investigations to prove or disprove theories or myths.

Despite the Greeks legendary feats of logic, they proposed very weak and
unscientific theories for the explanation of natural events. This process and the
Greek rejection of experimentation resulted in an unquestioning acceptance of
authority without experimental proof. Western doctors acquired this unscientific
procedure from Hellenic philosophy. Throughout the Middle Ages, during the
Renaissance, and even yet today, the natural sciences and the medical arts use
inductive reasoning and authority to arrive at and support their version of “truth”
rather than facts and deductive reasoning.

It appears that the practice of alchemy migrated to the West at the beginning
of the second century of the Christian era. The most believable evidence came
from Pliny the Elder (AD 23-79), who devoted a considerable volume of his
writings to metallurgy. The variety of information and beliefs concerning metals
and their treatment noted by Pliny show that he supported the use of alchemy.

Despite the general belief of alchemists that their art is an ancient Egyptian
practice, it is a fact that alchemy is the youngest of magical wisdoms. The belief
that alchemy was widely employed in the time of the pharaohs has been dashed.

It was in the fourth century, during the vicious battles that Christianity waged
against pagans, that alchemy became generally popular.

Zosimus of Panopolis, a scribe and writer of the time became a historian of the
alchemical arts. His writings are thought to be the most accurate and complete of
the zealous believers.

Zosimus stated that an expertise and the use of metals, precious stones, and
scents were recorded in the writings of Genesis in the Old Testament: “The sons of
God saw the daughters of men, that they were fair.” The men named as the “sons
of God” were thought to be “fallen angels” who had “mated” with the women of

antediluvian times.


These angels are thought to have trained these women various skills and arts,
including how to create jewelry, fashionable clothes, and perfumes.

The sages of the Christian era believed that the fallen angels were “evil
perverters of morals and manners.” Zosimus felt these events were “the
beginnings of alchemy.”

Zosimus names the legendary and mysterious Chemes, an early master of the
alchemical arts, as one of the founders of gold-makers. It was generally accepted
that Chemes had written a book entitled Chema, and that fallen angels had used
the book to train the daughters of men.

The Greek word Chemia, the early name of the art of alchemy, is thought to
have been derived from Chemes and his book Chema. Arabs then added the prefix
‘al’ and the art then became alchemy.

Found in a conceptual manuscript (this manuscript holds great importance to
the believers and students of alchemy), a priestess who identified herself as Isis
wrote to her son Horus that she had gained her knowledge of alchemy from
Amnael, the first of the fallen angels and prophet. Isis noted that Amnael had
rewarded her with the knowledge of alchemy for sexual favors.

An additional book, written by a woman with the pseudonym of “Mary the
Jewess," is also considered to be a manuscript of extraordinary value. Mary, a
Greek, is thought to be the first alchemist of the West. Much of her writings
are found in fragments because of the ravages of time, but she is identified by
Zosimus as “a sister of Moses called Miriam.”

The alchemist Olympiodorus, who lived in the fourth century of the Christian
era, quotes a famous note in Miriam's book that suggests she was a Jewess: “Do
not touch it (if you are not of the Abrahamitic race), unless indeed you are of our
race.”

Another female alchemist, a woman who called herself Cleopatra, wrote a

book entitled Chrysopeia (Gold-Making); a third woman, Theosebia, the sister of

===== Screenshot (312) -- Page 76 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Zosimus wrote numerous tracts on alchemy in the third century of the Christian
era.

There are additional early Greco-Egyptian texts such as the well-known
Leyden and Stockholm Papyri, which date back to AD 300.

Scholarly writings of Zosimus (fourth century), Stephanus (seventh century),
Olympidorus (fourth century), and Synesius (fifth century) cannot be impeached.

While in some instances alchemy embraced religion, there were also some of
the alchemic scholars who crossed swords with religion. Along with magic and
other forbidden arts, alchemy was thought to be shared with humans by fallen
angels, “the betrayers of God's secrets.”

The practitioners of the forbidden arts had to be cursed and punished.

Experimentation in the works of nature were deemed to be sacrilegious. St.
Augustine censured the vain and curious desire of investigations referred to as
“knowledge and science.”

Lucretius (98-53 BC) in his book On the Nature of Things touted, “Thus is
religion trod down, by a just reverse; victory makes us akin to gods.” Then he
adds, “Do not think that | wish to teach you the principles of impiety, or to lead
you to the path of crime.”

In 167 BC the Roman general Aemilius Paulus conquered and routed King
Perseus of Macedonia and decimated the dynasty that was a descendent of
Alexander the Great and his father King Philip. Perseus and his three sons were
sent to Rome in chains and paraded through the streets of Rome behind the
triumphal chariots.

Following the practice of national kleptocracy, Aemilius Paulus shipped
wagons full of plunder to the Roman treasury, keeping for himself a single tribute
— the defeated king's library. This act was to be a display of the crowning glory of
the conquering general's personal fortune and the incredible value he placed on

Greek culture, literature, and knowledge.

It became a fashion statement for wealthy Romans to collect large private
libraries in their homes and villas. Books could also be bought from booksellers in
southern Italy and Sicily where the Greeks had established cities such as Naples,
Tarentum, and Syracuse.

The grammarian Tyrannion was legendary for his accumulation of 30,000
volumes; Serenus Sammonicus, a physician who became an expert in the
employment of the magical formula “Abracadabra” to fend off illness, is reputed
to have collected 60,000 volumes. Rome had become addicted to books, a
penchant that was described as the “Greek fever.”

On the Nature of Things by Lucretius is the work and writings of a disciple of
Epicurus, who was collecting and publishing ideas and thoughts that had been
espoused centuries earlier. Epicurus, Lucretius’s “philosophical messiah,” was a
philosopher and polymath, born at the end of 342 BC on the Aegean island of
Samos, where his father, a poor Athenian schoolmaster, had immigrated. Many
Greek philosophers, including Plato and Aristotle, were born of wealthy families
and flaunted their distinguished ancestry.

Epicurus's philosophical opponents trumpeted their own personal social
superiority and pointed fingers at his humble family background. He used to
accompany his mother while she made rounds reading charms and omens.
Lucretius and numerous others fostered him as “godlike” in his wisdom and
courage. The center piece of his vision can be traced back to a single thought—
“hyle,” the Greek word for “stuff.”

Epicurus believed “that everything that has ever existed and everything that
will ever exist is put together out of indestructible building blocks, irreducibly
small in size, unimaginably vast in number.”

Epicurus claimed, “Moreover, the universe as a whole is infinite, for whatever
is limited has an outermost edge to limit it, and such an edge is defined by

something beyond. Since the universe has no edge, it has no limit; and since it

===== Screenshot (313) -- Page 78 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

lacks a limit, it is infinite and unbounded. Moreover, the universe is infinite both
in the number of its atoms and in the extent of its void.”

Epicurus lived until 270 BC and wrote more than 300 books on topics ranging
from moral philosophy to physics and epistemology. He taught that the human
soul does not survive the body's death and that the gods, even though they exist,
do not govern fate or destiny.

The Greeks had a word for these invisible building blocks, the particles that,
as they thought of them, could not be divided into any smaller particles called
“atoms.” This notion of atoms (the Greek: “can't be cut”), which had come to life
in the fifth century BC with Leucippus of Abdera and his protige’ Democritus, was
in its beginnings, a wild speculation. The proof would not come for more than two
thousand years.

The prevailing thoughts of the time included the theory that the core matter
of the universe was fire, water, air, and earth. Others posed that if one could see
the smallest particle of a man, you would see a tiny man, and the same would be
true for a horse, water, or a leaf. Others believed that the order of the universe
was itself evidence of an invisible mind or spirit that carefully put the pieces
together in a pre-orchestrated grand plan. Democritus's conception of “endless
numbers of atoms that exhibit no special talents other than small size, shape,
and weight— particles that are not miniature versions of what we can see, but
construct what we see by combination with others in a wide variety of shapes—
was a fantastically daring solution to a problem that engaged the great intellects
of his world.”

It took many centuries of wrestling with the concept of atoms to develop a
uniform theory. Epicurus began at the age of twelve, when his teachers could
not define the meaning of chaos. Democrittus’s earlier theory of atoms filled
the missing piece and provided the missing clue. At the age of thirty-two he

established a school, and there in a garden in Athens, Epicurus conceived an

entire theory of the universe and a philosophy of human life.

He theorized that atoms, in constant motion, collide with one another, and
they would join to form more complex and larger bodies. He conceptualized that
the largest bodies, the sun and the moon, are made of atoms, as are humans,
waterflies, and grains of sand, meaning there are no super categories of matter:
no hierarchy of elements. He believed heavenly bodies are not divine beings that
have a power to control and shape human destiny for good or evil—and they
do not move through space under the guidance of gods—they are simply part
of the natural order, giant combinations of atoms subject to the same laws of
creation and destruction that govern all things. It was felt that “even if the natural
order is unimaginably vast and complex, it is nonetheless possible to understand
something of its basic constitutive elements and its universal laws. Indeed, such
understanding is one of human life's deepest pleasures.”

Throughout the first centuries of our era, the “tree of knowledge” of
the Old Testament book of Genesis remained the symbol of sinful alchemic
investigations. Alchemists believed that “by eating the forbidden fruit man had
gained God's level of the knowledge of good and evil.”

The Ophites “worshipped the serpent of the Bible as a beneficent being, after
all, didn’t the serpent give man (access to) the knowledge that only God knew?”

The tree of knowledge and the serpent became the most revered and
cherished symbols of alchemists and physicians.

The first alchemists were treated as badly as heathens. Their persecution was
initiated when the art was still centered in Alexandria. The study and practice of
medicine and alchemy occupied buildings next to the Serapeum, the temple of
Serapis.

Theophilus, the archbishop of Alexandria, ordered the destruction of the
temple, and when he met with local resistance the Emperor Theophilus directed

the scholars to retreat and the temple was destroyed. The library of Alexandria,

===== Screenshot (314) -- Page 78 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

lacks a limit, it is infinite and unbounded. Moreover, the universe is infinite both
in the number of its atoms and in the extent of its void.”

Epicurus lived until 270 BC and wrote more than 300 books on topics ranging
from moral philosophy to physics and epistemology. He taught that the human
soul does not survive the body's death and that the gods, even though they exist,
do not govern fate or destiny.

The Greeks had a word for these invisible building blocks, the particles that,
as they thought of them, could not be divided into any smaller particles called
“atoms.” This notion of atoms (the Greek: “can't be cut”), which had come to life
in the fifth century BC with Leucippus of Abdera and his protige’ Democritus, was
in its beginnings, a wild speculation. The proof would not come for more than two
thousand years.

The prevailing thoughts of the time included the theory that the core matter
of the universe was fire, water, air, and earth. Others posed that if one could see
the smallest particle of a man, you would see a tiny man, and the same would be
true for a horse, water, or a leaf. Others believed that the order of the universe
was itself evidence of an invisible mind or spirit that carefully put the pieces
together in a pre-orchestrated grand plan. Democritus's conception of “endless
numbers of atoms that exhibit no special talents other than small size, shape,
and weight— particles that are not miniature versions of what we can see, but
construct what we see by combination with others in a wide variety of shapes—
was a fantastically daring solution to a problem that engaged the great intellects
of his world.”

It took many centuries of wrestling with the concept of atoms to develop a
uniform theory. Epicurus began at the age of twelve, when his teachers could
not define the meaning of chaos. Democrittus’s earlier theory of atoms filled
the missing piece and provided the missing clue. At the age of thirty-two he

established a school, and there in a garden in Athens, Epicurus conceived an

entire theory of the universe and a philosophy of human life.

He theorized that atoms, in constant motion, collide with one another, and
they would join to form more complex and larger bodies. He conceptualized that
the largest bodies, the sun and the moon, are made of atoms, as are humans,
waterflies, and grains of sand, meaning there are no super categories of matter:
no hierarchy of elements. He believed heavenly bodies are not divine beings that
have a power to control and shape human destiny for good or evil—and they
do not move through space under the guidance of gods—they are simply part
of the natural order, giant combinations of atoms subject to the same laws of
creation and destruction that govern all things. It was felt that “even if the natural
order is unimaginably vast and complex, it is nonetheless possible to understand
something of its basic constitutive elements and its universal laws. Indeed, such
understanding is one of human life's deepest pleasures.”

Throughout the first centuries of our era, the “tree of knowledge” of
the Old Testament book of Genesis remained the symbol of sinful alchemic
investigations. Alchemists believed that “by eating the forbidden fruit man had
gained God's level of the knowledge of good and evil.”

The Ophites “worshipped the serpent of the Bible as a beneficent being, after
all, didn’t the serpent give man (access to) the knowledge that only God knew?"

The tree of knowledge and the serpent became the most revered and
cherished symbols of alchemists and physicians.

The first alchemists were treated as badly as heathens. Their persecution was
initiated when the art was still centered in Alexandria. The study and practice of
medicine and alchemy occupied buildings next to the Serapeum, the temple of
Serapis.

Theophilus, the archbishop of Alexandria, ordered the destruction of the
temple, and when he met with local resistance the Emperor Theophilus directed

the scholars to retreat and the temple was destroyed. The library of Alexandria,

===== Screenshot (315) -- Page 80 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

already burnt by rioting Christians under the rule of Caesar, was spared, allowing
medical and alchemic practices to continue in the attached museum until the
murder of the woman-philosopher Hypatia (415 AD). Her death brought pagan
studies to an end in Egypt. The persecuted pagan practitioners, physicians, and
alchemists fled to Athens.

When alchemy first developed in the early centuries after Christ, it was able to
draw on the “scientific” achievements of the Ancient World: in the previous 3000
years many crafts and processes had become highly organized, and huge volumes
of knowledge and experience had been recorded in many crafts and specialties.

Metal work and glassmaking, the culture of dyes, perfumes, cosmetics,
drugs, poisons, and chemical-mixing gained sway throughout the world through
commercial enterprises and trade.

In Egypt, craftsmen created collectables for wealthy customers out of gold,
silver, and precious stones. With equal zeal they produced for the greater
numbers of the less wealthy, imitations of gold-hued alloys that were good
enough to pass for gold and colored glass “gems.”

In 529 AD Justinian ordered the official suppression of the ancient learning of
medicine, science, and philosophy. As a result, Pagan culture came to an end, but
medicine and alchemy survived by mutating. A major setback was inflicted upon
the survivors by Theodosian who created a new law that required that all books
of alchemy and related medical books be burned publically in the presence of a
Bishop.

New followers of alchemy and medicine practiced the beliefs of the “cursed,”
blending orthodox religious elements into their doctrines, which made their
practices favorable in the eyes of the emperors. Stephanus of Alexandria
dedicated his Nine Lessons in Chemia to Heraclius, Emperor of the East (575-
641AD). An expert in the philosophy of Pathagoras and Plato, yet a Christian

mystic, Stephanus made the bridge between medicine and ancient alchemy and

the new Europe.

Byzantine monks translated and copied ancient manuscripts for centuries
trying to reassemble the wisdom that early fanaticism had destroyed. Nicephorus
(758-829 AD) was interested primarily in Greek authors. In the eleventh century
Psellus restored Platonic writings. The reclaiming of the early medical and
alchemic literature brought new followers and devotes, including the “Christian
Philosopher,” the pseudonym for a monk well versed in the dark practices and
who melded Christian culture and theology with pagan studies, medicine, and
alchemy.

Women medical authors and alchemists, who had hidden behind pseudonyms
to avoid persecution, became revered practitioners and philosophers.

It is thought that the few manuscripts that did survive and were transported to
Europe would not have prevented Europe from plunging into ignorance—it was
the invading Arabs that brought the ancient wisdom and practices of medicine
and alchemy to Europe.

Alchemists state that two principles, the theory of the composition of metals
and that of their generation, served as the heart of their belief system. They
believed that metals were alloys of unrelated substances, yet all metals contained
sulphur and mercury, and it was the varying proportions of each one that
determined whether the metal would become gold, silver, copper, tin, or other
metals.

For instance, gold was supposed to be composed of a large amount of mercury
and small amounts of sulphur; copper contained equal amounts of mercury and
sulphur; and tin contained an imperfect blend of impure mercury and a large
quantity of sulphur.

The alchemic students and theorists likened the process of transmuting

one metal into another “to the generation (reproduction) of animals and

===== Screenshot (316) -- Page 82 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

vegetables’”— therefore, “to find the secret to the production of metals it would
be necessary to discover their seed.”

The believer of alchemy was fixated on the theory that there was no inorganic
substance and all substances were alive. They believed that life and its functions
were guided by the stars which were continuously moving metals towards
perfection—to gold!

From the twelfth century, alchemists had pronounced that for their
transmutations to reach completion an agent was necessary. The agent had many
names and manifestations, for instance the philosopher's stone, philosopher's
powder, the great elixir, and the quintessence. When the philosopher's stone
touched a liquid metal it would be transmuted into gold.

Paracelsus describes the philosopher's stone as solid and dark red; Berigard
of Pisa describes the stone as the color of poppies; Raymond Lully stated that
the stone was the color of a carbuncle; Helvetius held the stone in his hands
and claimed it was bright yellow; the Arab Khalid wrote, “This stone unites
within itself all the colors; it is white, red, yellow, sky-blue and green.” Is the
philosopher's stone perhaps an opal?

At the age of sixteen Paracelsus entered the university in Basel and is thought
to have gone to Wurzburg to study with Hans von Trittenheim, a recognized
scholar of magic. When he became twenty-two years old, Paracelsus was
employed by the mining school of Sigismund Fugger, a well-known alchemist.
Paracelsus then went on what could be described as an “odyssey” through
Germany, Italy, France, the Netherlands, England, Scandinavia, and Russia.

At the age of thirty-three Paracelsus was hired to the position of town
physician and professor of medicine. Paracelsus quickly made enemies of the
town officials and physicians by saying, “If you will not learn the mysteries of
putrefactive fermentation, you are unworthy of the name of physicians.” For

the remainder of his years Paracelsus wandered through dozens of cities and

countries, writing books and papers in a mix of German, Latin, and made up
words of his own design. He used the Arabic word for black eye makeup (al-kohl)
and used it to describe the spirits of wine, which became the word “alcohol.”
Paracelsus created the word “zinc,” and from the German word “all-geist” he
created the word “alkahest” that is the universal alchemic solvent with the
powers to convert all things into their liquid primary matter. For his own brand
of alchemy, primarily designed for healing disease, Paracelsus coined the term
“spagyric.”

Paracelsus was not alone, however. Another physician by the name of Henry
Cornelius Agrippa of Nettesheim, who served as a soldier in Germany, traveled
through France, Spain, Italy, England, and Switzerland, and during his brief life of
49 years was a professor, courtier, theologian, lawyer, doctor, and alchemist.

Agrippa's philosophy was outlined in The Occult Philosophy (1510 AD), his
legendary book on magic he wrote while in England. His philosophy was that
“man is made in the image of God.” He saw God as the whole universe, and it was
simply reason that man then was a miniature replica (a sort of “mini-me”) of the
Universe.

Agrippa believed that, just as man’s body was filled with his spirit, “so all
material substances are permeated by a Universal Spirit.” He believed this spirit
was very abundant in the celestial bodies and traveled to earth via the star’s
light and energy rays. He believed that various earthly materials such as gems,
metals, plants, and animals were under the influence of a particular star or planet.
Agrippa also believed the materials were influenced by the “spirit” of that star. He
strongly advocated charms of all kinds which would be “worn on the body bound
to any part of it or hung around the neck, changing sickness into health or health
into sickness ... When any star ascends fortunately take an herb and a stone that
are under that star, make a ring of the metal that is congruous therewith, and in
that fix the stone with the herb under it.”

===== Screenshot (317) -- Page 84 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Emperor Rudolf Il, the king of Prague, Bohemia, was an enthusiastic alchemist.
His laboratory filled two rooms; the equipment included three great furnaces that
were designed to smelt ore, heat a water bath (bain-marie), and distill volatile
liquids and uncountable numbers of glassware, including “glass phials, pewter
funnels, hourglass of different sizes, spoons, spatulas, and knives.”

The alchemists who were invited to work in this laboratory lived on Olden
Lane between Saint George's church and Saint Vitus’ Cathedral. On September
3, 1584, Dr. Thaddeus Hajek, the court physician, received two visitors from
England: Dr. John Dee and his assistant Edward Kelley. They arrived to gain
support from the Emperor for a Polish count (Albert Laski) who wanted to be king
of Poland. The count believed the alchemic skills of Dee and Kelley would cause
Rudolf to become an ally.

Early in 1582 Kelley showed up at Dr. John Dee's house, about the same time
as Dee had begun his experiments in “scrying” (crystal-gazing) with a crystal
sphere and a disc of polished black obsidian that had been brought back from
Mexico. Dee called these two objects his “shewstones.” Kelley became a skillful
scryer, and the two spent every spare minute in raising-up visions of spirits and
angels.

While abroad, Dr. Dee had been spreading his vision of religion and scientific
beliefs. He was considered one of the foremost thinkers of his age, and his
ideas carried considerable authority. Dee’s views, however, were not on the same
track as those of the Catholic Church, and in the spring of 1586 word came to
Dee and Kelley that the Church had made the decision to bring charges against
them. They left Prague and learned later that they had left just in time, as the
Pope's representative had accused them of “conjuring and practicing black magic”
and had ordered Emperor Rudolf to arrest them and send them to Rome for
interrogation by the Catholic Church.

Modern chemistry deals with the structure, composition, and reactive

properties of elements under different circumstances. Before arriving at a theory
or conclusion, a chemist will rerun an experiment many times under exactly the
same conditions, keep reliable records and come to a repeatable conclusion.

Until the 16th century, the alchemist's primary interest in basic elements was
the ingredients in, and the makeup of, the “philosopher's stone.” Alchemists were
not motivated to do more investigation as they already had their answer as to the
nature of substances. This was primarily Aristotle's theory of the four elements,
and then in the division of elements into sulfur and mercury or the division of
sulfur, mercury, and salt of later alchemy. Their belief in a mystical, hermetic
philosophy, with its ideas of occult sympathies between objects, allowed them to
engage in bizarre “occult sympathies between objects, encouraged them to wild
flights of fancy and speculation, often on the basis of a single observation.” As
a result, numerous experimental facts and theories were recorded by alchemists,
but each existed in isolation and rarely was found to be generally useful.

It was Paracelsus who through unintended events began the decline of
alchemy and the march toward modern chemistry. A giant 16th century
physician, he put his arms around both the practical and the mystical aspects of
alchemy. He insisted that the true purpose of mystical alchemy was to develop
secret powers within the human soul, and the ultimate goal of practical alchemy
was to find medical cures. The followers of Paracelsus regarded these two beliefs
as too far afield from their own original training.

Many alchemists began to devote more energy to their spiritual growth.
Others, happy to be released from the quest to find the philosopher's stone,
began experimentation guided by facts, and as a result, they revealed many new
basic revelations. Finally the foundation was put together for the creation of
“jatro," or medical chemistry, and for the science of basic chemistry.

Some alchemists believed that the philosopher's stone was a diamond since

it had attained the “pinnacle of beauty and perfection equal only to that of

===== Screenshot (318) -- Page 86 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

gold among metals and the Sun among planets.” One of the diamond symbols
of alchemists was the Shameer, a unique diamond that had been snatched from
the beak of a rooster before it was swallowed. It is said that the Shameer was
employed by Moses to cut the precious stones for the priestly Jewish vestments
(the ephod) and it is also thought to be the stone that was used by Solomon for
his wisdom.

Of all of the precious and semiprecious stones, the star ruby is thought to be
the most magical. It is thought to represent the creative energy of the Sun (the
creator star) and the pentagram (the star of magic). The star of the pentagram
has been employed for centuries to call forth angels, demons, elementals, and
spirits.

Trautmansdorf claimed to have discovered a bean-shaped philosopher's stone
that glowed in the dark. This version of the philosopher's stone was often
compared to the Indian Brahman’s Pentarbe, a magic stone that was viewed by
Apollonius of Tyana, who remarked, “In the night time it glowed like fire, for it is
red and emits rays; and if you look at it, it smits your eyes with a thousand gleams.
And this light with in it is a spirit of mysterious power, for it absorbs to itself
everything in its neighborhood.”

Through history, the assignment of different jewels to people according to
their birth date was calculated in relationship to the planet's influence through
the Zodiac. Each of the twelve different stones were given to the planets assigned
by the birth date. Modern astrology has maintained this tradition and belief of
the lucky “birthstone.”

It was believed that in addition to having the power to transmute metals, the
philosopher's stone had other mystical benefits. It could cure all diseases and
extend life far beyond its natural limits—it was the panacea!

The Chinese believed that gold was immortal and when consumed by a human

it could make humans immortal. Their problem was that they had to find or make

the wonder preparation of medicine because gold powder could not be absorbed;
it came through the intestinal tract unabsorbed. Therefore they needed to find a
process to dissolve gold into a “marvelous powder,” which would then be “spread
mistily like wind driven by rain” through the five organs. It was believed that such
a powder could only be obtained through an alchemical procedure. This universal
medicine, referred to as “huatan” cured its user of all Earthly miseries and disease.

“Like produces like” is the ancient maxim of magic, meaning the most perfect
and imperishable metal will produce immortality and perfection. The Chinese
alchemist employed magical formulas to promote his trade, and he looked to the
stars for favor and success of his efforts.

The West believed, incorrectly, that the Chinese strove to make true gold. But
in reality, the Chinese believed that artificial gold, not true gold, was endowed
with great magical power. They used the mercury ore, cinnabar, and additional
metals. In fact the Chinese consciously intended to make alloys that appeared to
be gold!

The Chinese believed it was sufficient to eat meals each day from plates made
of alloys that looked like gold to gain immortality.

There is a legend that tells of the great Wei Po-Yang (100-150 AD), who when
he was able to create the true gold medicine, he and his student Yu became
immortal. Additionally the sage's dog had eaten the scraps on the plate and had
also attained immortality.

The Chinese aimed only to rejuvenate and attain immortality. The concept of
the alchemist philosopher's gold was not known to the Chinese.

Paracelsus, born Phillippus Aureolus Theophrastus Bombastus von
Hohenheim, was a Swiss physician, wandering mystic, and alchemist. He
pioneered the use of chemicals and minerals in medicines. Science journalist
Philip Ball reports, “Paracelsus lived from 1493 to 1541—he was a fulcrum of

western history, the dawn of the modern age. This was a world where magic

===== Screenshot (319) -- Page 89 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

was real, where demons lurked in every dark corner, where God presided over
all creation, and yet it was also a time when humankind was beginning to crack
nature's codes and map the geography of heaven and earth.”

Paracelsus is famous for his railing against the ancient ideas of Hippocrates
and Galen, both of whom suggested that illness was the result of an imbalance
of four humors (liquids): blood, black bile, yellow bile, and phlegm. Paracelsus, by
contrast, believed that disease resulted from the body being attacked by agents
outside the body or by other abnormalities that could be treated with chemicals.

In 1527 Paracelsus publicly burned the standard medical texts of the day,
which included the works of Galen and Avicenna. This burning of the masters’
writings and thoughts on a huge log fire, lit by students, “could be viewed as
a turning point in the history of medicine,” according to author, Hugh Crone.
Physicians of the day had to destroy the very foundations of Galenic medicine,
be free to question authority, and employ current observations and rational
experiments while at the same time look for new medicines.

One of Paracelsus's primary ideas was to document the occupational hazards
of metal works and mining. As a result he is often times referred to as the father
of toxicology. He wrote, “All things are poison, and nothing is without poison—
only the dose permits something not to be poisonous.” He also proposed the
concept of “like cures like,” and that “if a poison caused a disease, then the same
poison might be used as a cure if administered in the proper dosage and form.”
His ideas may have been one of the forerunners of the science of homeopathy
where, “Like treats Like.”

“Faith must take first place among all the other laws of philosophy,” stated a
Jesuit spokesman in 1624, “so that what, by established authority, is the word of
God may not be exposed to falsity.” The statement was a strict warning to restrict
unnecessary speculation: “The only thing necessary to the philosopher, in order

to know the truth, which is one and simple, is to oppose whatever is contrary to

Faith and to accept that which is contained in Faith.”

While the Jesuit did not name a specific heretic to which the warning was
directed, his contemporaries would have certainly understood that his remarks
were specifically hurled at the author of a scientific paper entitled “The Assayer”
by Galileo Galilei.

Galileo was already in hot water with authorities because he used his own
observations of the heavens to support the Copernican belief that the earth
was in an orbit around the sun. Galileo had bowed to the authority of the
Inquisition by pledging to drop his claims supporting the earth's orbit around the
sun. However, his book The Assayer, printed in 1623, revealed that Galileo was
unrepentant and continued to preach the dangerous theory.

As a follower of Lucretius, “Galileo defended the oneness of the celestial
and terrestrial world: there was no essential difference, he claimed, between the
nature of the sun and the planets and the nature of the earth and its inhabitants.
Like Lucretius, he believed that everything in the universe could be understood
through the same disciplined use of observation and reason. Like Lucretius, he
sought to work through this testimony toward a rational comprehension of the
hidden structures of all things. And like Lucretius, he was convinced that these
structures were by nature constituted by what he called “minims” or minimal
particles, that is, constituted by a limited repertory of atoms combined in
innumerable ways.”

Galileo had powerful friends of great status and credibility. The Assayer was
dedicated to none other than the highly respected newly-elected pope, Urban
VIII, born Maffeo Barbarini, and who as Cardinal had endorsed Galileo's research
and theories of the universe.

As long as the pope was supporting Galileo, he would be able to pursue
his stellar research. However, the pope was besieged by the Jesuits to restrain

Galileo from expressing his heresies. On August 1, 1632, the Society of Jesus

===== Screenshot (320) -- Page 91 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

prohibited and condemned the theory of atoms. The prohibition in of itself could
not have initiated a condemnation of Galileo, as The Assayer had been approved
eight years earlier. However, Galileo's printing of the Dialogue Concerning the Two
Chief World Systems in 1632 gave his opponents the opening that they had been
praying for: they promptly reported Galileo's transgression to the Congregation
of the Holy Office which was also known as the Inquisition.

On June 22, 1633, the Inquisition published its verdict, “We say, sentence,
and declare that you Galileo, by reason of the evidence arrived at in the trial,
and by you confessed as above, have rendered yourself in the judgment of
this Holy Office vehemently suspected of heresy.” However, because of Galileo's
favor with the pope he avoided torture and execution, but was sentenced to life
imprisonment under house arrest.

Gradually, hermetic beliefs in the “unity of the cosmos” lost support, and
scientists began to look for new theories to embellish or replace Aristotle's
beliefs. Throughout the 17th and 18th centuries alchemists continued to believe
in the possibility of transmuting base metals into gold. But they were too
busy, either with examining their own souls and spiritual pursuits, or with their
laboratory experiments to chase transmutation; the producing of gold by cooking
base metals became the song of those who wanted to generate wealth or to
mislead others, which was a great departure from the spiritual pursuits of the
original alchemists.

Scientific thought from other specialties gradually began to tear apart the
position of alchemy in the 16th and 17th centuries. Francis Bacon, the English
essayist and scientific philosopher who died in 1626, vigorously supported the
proper organization of experiments and accurate recording of data and results
so they could be repeated and confirmed. Open discussions that included well-
respected scientists and thinkers from all over Europe began to replace the

mysterious persona of the alchemist.

In England in1660, Charles II supported the formation of the Royal Society of
London. Robert Boyle, one of the societies original members, was instrumental in
setting chemistry up as a science, separating it from the transmutation of metals
and from the creation of medicines.

In 1661 Boyle published the Sceptical Chymist, and in it he dismissed as being
unscientific the Aristotelian theory of the four elements and the alchemist's
notion of the three principles of salt, sulfur, and mercury.

In 1669 Hennig Brandt, a German alchemist, had tried to transmute
insignificant materials into gold—the most noble of metals. Brandt “reasoned
that nothing could be more noble than the human body and materials connected
with it.” So “perhaps it would be possible to change something connected with
the noble human body into the noble metal—gold.”

Brandt combined human urine with common beach sand, then heated the mix
in an oven. The soft white residue glowed in a dark room and Brandt named it
“phosphorus” (Greek for “I bear light”).

Boyle procured a sample of Brandt's phosphorus and began to manufacture
it in large quantities and sold it throughout Europe. Although Boyle's scientific
influence was strong, many continued to embrace Aristotle's ideas until late in the
18th century, and in an effort to preserve their theories they retreated from the
stage of science to mysticism.

A curious manifestation of alchemical mysticism was the story of the
Rosicrucian fraternity, a secret order that claimed to hold great powers and to
count among its members the greatest alchemists of two centuries. The total
of what is known of the Rosicrucian fraternity is found in three anonymously
published pamphlets that appeared in Germany between 1614 and 1616. The
pamphlets contain the strange language and symbolism that is employed and

embraced by mystical alchemists.

===== Screenshot (321) -- Page 93 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

No one was able to determine whether the Rosicrucian brotherhood actually
existed, whether it had been created to convey alchemy in symbolic terms, or
whether it was a hoax designed to discredit zealous students of alchemy and
the occult. The pamphlets produced extreme excitement and wild speculation
throughout Europe. Many followers attempted to get in touch with the authors
by printing their own pamphlets in reply. The fever pitch and interest lasted for
the entire 17th century and included highly regarded scientists and philosophers
—even Descartes and Leibniz expended considerable effort in an attempt to
reveal the truth.

The first pamphlet, “Fama Fraternitatis," describes the travels of Brother C.R.C.
who is in search of alchemic expertise and wisdom. C.R.C. was generally thought
to be an abbreviation for Christian Rosenkreuz, which translates to “Rosy Cross.”
Rosenkreuz established himself in Germany and with three other monks founded
the Rosicrucian Order, or Fraternity of the Rosy Cross. The small fraternity
of monks recorded everything C.R.C. had learned the known skills in science,
magic, and the healing arts, and they gradually grew in numbers to eight. They
eventually disbanded after pledging to keep the secrets of the fraternity for 100
years.

In 1615 the second pamphlet showed up. It was written in the identical
alchemic language of the “Fama,” and it encouraged alchemic scholars to join
the fraternity, but the pamphlet gave no instructions on how to accomplish the
contact.

The third pamphlet, “The Chemical Wedding," was printed in 1616, and its
contents left no doubt that it was a tool of alchemy. It contained well-known
alchemic symbols and other information that resonated with the Renaissance
magician, including mathematical puzzles, descriptions of unique mechanical
toys, and the “most strange Figures, and dark Sentences and Speeches.”

Many years later an eminent German theologian, Johann Valentin Andreae

of Wurtemberg, confessed that he had written “The Chemical Wedding" as a
schoolboy joke. It was never determined whether he was also the author of the
two additional pamphlets. Although he had confessed to his joke, many faithful
supporters continued to believe in the contents of the pamphlets. Many cultists
believed that the pamphlets contained coded alchemical and hermetic secrets.
Others looked at them as having a deeper purpose through a reformation in
science, not unlike the Lutheran reformation in religion.

The mysterious curtain of alchemical symbolism enabled alchemists to invent
their individual translations of the symbols and recipes. Some symbols were
looked at as segments of the laboratory process or as steps for the progress of the
soul, or both. Alchemy employed a wide palate of symbolism, including astrology,
religion, and magic.

Alchemists had from the beginning taken every effort to preserve the secrecy
of their formulas and methods. There was no uniformity in the alchemical
language, which frequently employed hundreds of different symbols that might
have been used for a dual purpose, so they could be used to remember stages of
an experiment or a recipe without writing them out.

The 17th century was an era of rapid progress in scientific thought and
discovery; however, numerous pioneers of true science were also solid believers
in alchemy. One of the most famous of these was Sir Isaac Newton, who had
put forth the “law of gravity.” He spent a considerable amount of time studying
alchemy and the magical nature of the world. His mathematical investigations
were used to confirm his belief in the “mystical harmonies of the Universe.”

In addition to Newton, Descartes, who is thought by many to be the father
of modern philosophy, was seriously interested in alchemy. A more eccentric
personage having this interest was Johann Rudolf Glauber. Born in Germany
in 1604, he became a physician and chemist and was a passionate believer in

alchemy. He made many valuable observations and discoveries, particularly in

===== Screenshot (322) -- Page 95 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

the chemistry of wine-making and the science of the distillation of spirits. While
examining the chemical content of a healing mineral spring where he had visited
to “take a cure,” he identified the substance as sodium sulfate. He became very
excited and announced that he had at last found one of the vital constituents
of the philosopher's stone. Crystallized sodium is known as “Glauber's salt.”
However, it is used, not as the Elixir of Life, but as a laxative.

Thomas Jefferson, a wealthy Virginia plantation owner, possessed five Latin
editions of On the Nature of Things by Lucretius with translations of the poem in
English, Italian, and French. It was one of Jefferson's favorite books, confirming
his belief that “there is nature alone and that nature consists only of matter.”

Lucretius contributed to Jefferson's belief that “ignorance and fear were not
necessary components of human existence,” and Jefferson used the theme of this

ancient poem to create a government whose goal was not only to guarantee the

lives and liberties of its citizens, but also to guarantee “the pursuit of Happiness.”
The atoms that Lucretius and Epicurius had envisioned had contributed
significantly to the content of America’s Declaration of Independence!

On August 15, 1820, the seventy-seven year old Jefferson penned a letter to
former president, John Adams, who was eighty-five: “I feel: therefore | exist. |
feel bodies which are not myself; therefore, there are other existencies then. | call
them matter. | feel them changing place. This gives me motion. Where there is an
absence of matter, | call it void, or nothing, or immaterial space. On the basis of
sensation, of matter and motion, we may erect the fabric of all the certainties we
can have or need.”

“lam” Jefferson penned to a writer who enquired on his philosophy of life, “an

Epicurean.” Jefferson believed in atoms!

===== Screenshot (323) -- Page 97 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

CHAPTER THREE


Witches, Sorcerers, and Magic

In many groups around the world, shamans or sorcerers are thought
to possess the twin abilities to hurt or heal, kill or cure. Where they exist,
shamans often possess detailed knowledge of the local psychedelic
plants. They use (the herbs) in healing rituals and to commune with the
supernatural... It is in the powerful figures of shamans and sorcerers that
we find the predecessors of our white-coated physicians ... whom we, like our
ancestors, imbue with great powers.
—Robert Adler
Science journalist

For thousands of years humans were oppressed—as some of still are—
by the notion that the universe is a marionette whose strings are pulled by
a god or gods, unseen and inscrutable. Then 2,500 years ago, there was a
glorious awakening in lonia: on Samos and the other nearby Greek colonies
that grew up among the islands and inlets of the busy eastern Aegean

Sea. Suddenly there were people who believed that everything was made
of atoms; that human beings and other animals had sprung from simpler
forms; that diseases were not caused by demons or the gods; that the Earth
was only a planet going around the Sun. And that the stars were very far

away. This revolution made Cosmos out of Chaos.

—Carl Sagan

Cosmos: A Personal Voyage

It is probably part of the human condition that cosmologists (or shamans
of any age) always think they are knocking on eternity's door, that the final
secret of the universe is in reach. It may also be part of the human condition
that they are always wrong. Science, inching along by trial-and-error and by
doubt, is a graveyard of final answers.

—Dennis Overbye
Lonely Hearts of the Cosmos: The Scientific Quest for the Secret of the
Universe

In the ancient world of dualism, the powers of light and darkness were believed
in and worshipped with the same level of energy. The apparent equal strength of
both good and evil arose in the minds of humans when man observed the dualism
of nature and compared the opposing forces in his own life.

Early man recognized that he was “inhabited” by opposing forces, because in
thought and action, good and evil are so tightly connected that he could not
always tell which was which. Additionally, good intentions can oftentimes result

in evil, and criminal thoughts could be a tool of good. Both these observations

===== Screenshot (324) -- Page 99 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

seemed to be perennial, and in nature both light and darkness have their
function.

In the east, good rain falls and promotes crop growth and enhances the land,
while in the west destructive rain arrives bringing catastrophic floods. The south
wind drives pestilence and fever ahead of itself, while north winds sweeps the air
clean and drives away disease and crop failure.

One can understand why primitive men would conjure up good and evil
spirits all around himself. Knowing that theses spirits were there, man would
conjure them up, flatter them, tell lies to them, and use every method which he
considers favorable to produce a favorable result and with equal energy to avoid
the negative results. Out of fear of reprisal and disaster men typically paid more
attention to evil spirits. When the hunter failed to bring home meat, the failure
was attributed to evil forces rather than to a lack of skill, speed, or strength.

As civilizations grew, man became more worldly and understood that he
had personal strengths and personal responsibilities. The Chaldean star religion
preached that good luck and disaster are not haphazard happenings that
depended upon the whims of good and evil spirits, rather these events
are controlled by heavenly bodies that send good and evil according to
unimpeachable mathematical laws.

Primitive man believed that he was powerless to fight the desires of the
celestial divinities. Yet as time went on, wise men fostered ethics and self-
determination into man’s fate believing the will of the stars could be altered.
Man's efforts were strangely intertwined with the decisions of the stars and man

learned of the give and take between heaven and earth.

Belief in Magic to Defeat Illness

Magic and religion were intertwined into the Egyptians daily life. Evil gods and
demons were believed to be the cause of many diseases, crop failures, and
infertility of humans, flocks, and herds.

Egyptian disease treatment and management almost always began with
prayers and ceremonies that were designed to gain the help and favor of gods
and planets. Egyptian healers that were sanctioned by authorities were multi-
taskers: there did not seem to be a clear distinction between priests and
physicians. The healers, priests of Sekhmet, were expected to use incantations
and magic as parts of their therapies.

The widespread use of the mix of religion, medicine, and magic by the
Egyptians and other early civilizations, are thought to have developed because of
a powerful placebo effect. Those who believed in the treatments and the priest/
physicians capacity to communicate with the gods received pain relief and the
healer-priests were credited with the patient's recovery and survival.

The concentration of the efforts of magic is directly related to the selection of
the spells and remedies used. Selected ingredients were derived from an element,
plant, or animal that had features that looked like or acted like symptoms or signs
of the disease or illness in the patient. This Egyptian concept was based on the
belief that “simila similibus” or “like treats like.” This ancient Egyptian concept
has flourished and survived into modern day homeopathy. For instance, an ostrich
egg shell or the skull bones of a human or animal would be used to treat a skull
injury and an amulet with the likeness of a hedgehog would be used to treat
baldness.

Amulets were universally employed by Egyptian priests, physicians, and
healers of all callings for magical approaches to healing diseases. These healing
and protective amulets were put into three separate classes: (1) homeopoetic—
these amulets portrayed animals or parts of animals that the owner wanted to

gain, including strength, speed, or fertility; (2) phylactic—these amulets (such as

===== Screenshot (325) -- Page 101 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

the Eye of Horus) protected against the evil and devastating effects of destructive
gods and demons; (3) theophoric—these were representations of Egyptian gods,
and they were usually constructed of bone attached to a leather strap.

In the 7th century BC the king of Assyria, Ashurbanipal, sent his prayer to the
star Sirius:

Speak, and the stars may assist thee,

Judge, give thine oracle,
Accept the raising of my hand, harken to my imprecation.

Take away the enchantment, blot out my sin.

A spell had been launched against the ruler, who then asked himself whether he
deserved this misfortune because he had committed a sin. The favor of the star is
asked for not only to remove the spell, but also to erase the evil deed. In this case
Sirius is addressed as the messenger of higher gods who will assist him and whose
will he trumpets.

It is thought that it was in Ashurbanipal’s time that Zoroaster, the Median
prophet, declared that evil, while powerful and ever present, can be avoided
and eventually overcome. Zoroaster clarified the ancient belief in the hosts of
good and evil spirits—rulers of the dualistic universe. He traced these legions
back to their origins: Ormazd (Ahura Mazda), king of light; and Ahriman (Ahura
Mainyu), prince of darkness. The good demons of older traditions were dethroned
by Zoroaster. However, since they could not be totally eliminated from common
beliefs, they were allowed a place in the ranks of evil spirits.

Led by Ahriman, these spirits no longer opposed good in chaotic swarms.
The kingdom of evil became organized like that of good. The two armies were
marshaled in battle positions, much like the game of chess where the black and

white pieces oppose each other in equal strength, and the spirits of good and evil,

light and darkness confront each other. Victory in any one battle is not permanent
— the war between good and evil rages for eternity.

Not all of the sacred books of Zoroastrianism have been preserved, and
only a small part of the surviving sections can be attributed to Zoroaster's
personal writings, such as the 17 psalms or Gathas. The rules and laws of
worship and sacrifice are from earlier times. Additional books of the Magian cult
are the hymns, the daily prayers, and the liturgies. The books called Vendidad,
accumulations of anti-demoniac lore, were compiled after the middle of the fifth
century BC. They contain rituals that are more of a purely magical form; the
dogmatic theory and theology of Zoroastrianism is essentially religious. However,
the rituals of dealing with demons is magic.

In the 17th chapter of the Vendidad there is a prescription devoted to paring
of nails and clippings of hair, which as soon as they are separated from the body
belong to the evil one as houses of uncleanliness. Hair and nails collected from
the dead are noted in the fable on the method of Zoroaster for converting the
royal family to the new doctrine and how he thwarted a plot against his own life.

According to the legend, courtiers had hidden bones, hair, and nails collected
from the dead in his room. Zoroaster, accused of wizardry, was condemned to
death by hanging. At the same time the king's horse fell ill. Its legs had entered
its body. “Free me,” said the prophet, “and | will restore one leg.” Zoroaster's
freedom was granted, and the leg came forth. “Lord,” said Zoroaster, “if thou wilt
embrace my creed, | will restore the second leg.” After the King's conversion, the
two remaining legs were also restored, but only after the remaining members of
the royal family and the court had become Zoroastrians.

Hair and nails, which were used by wizards to conjure up the dead, were
thought to live “a life apart” from the body. Hair and nails lack the senses of
pressure, heat, cold, and pain and are seemingly dead, yet they grow, and grow

more rapidly than the tissues from the body itself. This unusual rate of growth

===== Screenshot (326) -- Page 103 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

and lack of sensory response led wizards and witches to look at these bloodless
tissues as “individuals” or “parasites” growing upon living beings like parasitic

plants:

. Zarathustra (Zoroaster) asked Ahura Mazda (Ormazda): O Ahura Mazda,
most beneficent spirit, maker of the material world, thou holy one.
Which is the most deadly deed whereby a man increases the most
baleful strength of the daevas, as he would do by offering them
sacrifice?

2. Ahura Mazda answered: It is when a man here below, combing his hair
or shaving it off or paring his nails, drops them into a hole or into a
crack.

3. Then for want of the lawful rites being observed, daevas are produced
on the earth which we call lice, which eat up the corn in the cornfield
and the clothes in the wardrobe.

4. Therefore, O Zarathustra, whenever, here below thou shalt comb thy
hair or shave it off, or pare thy nails, thou shalt take them away ten
paces from the faithful, twenty paces from the fire, thirty paces from
the water, fifty paces from the consecrated bundles of baresma (holy
twigs).

5. Then thou shalt dig a hole, ten fingers deep if the earth is hard, twelve
fingers deep if it is soft; thou shalt take thy hair down there and thou
shalt say aloud these fiend-smiting words: out of his pity Mazda made
plants grow.

6. Thereupon thou shalt draw three furrows with a knife of metal around

the hole, or six, or nine, and thou shalt chant the Ahuna Vairya three

times, or six, or nine.

7. For the nails, thou shalt dig a hole, out of the house, as deep as the top
joint of the little finger; thou shalt take the nails down there and thou
shalt say aloud these fiend-smiting words: The words are heard from
the pious in holiness and good thought.

Zoroaster's detailed approach to the handling and disposal of hair and nails
gave support to the importance of these rituals. His support flew in the face of
those who considered the hair and nail rituals a common superstition. Similar
hair and nail rites detailing the handling and disposal of these tissues are found
throughout many primitive cultures, even now in the 21st century.

Hair and nails are commonly squirreled away by primitive cultures, or in some
instances brought to sacred sites to be stored or burned, thus preventing them
from finding their way into the custody of sorcerers who would then employ them
as tools to conjure up evil spells to terrorize or kill the original human source.
These beliefs are common amongst many tribes leading to the fear of being
bewitched via the spells inflicted on hair and pared nails.

It is not uncommon for primitive cultures to cut off the hair of war prisoners
before they are set free because the hair is held as a “hostage,” a guarantee
of appropriate behavior in the released prisoner. Failure to adhere to the terms
of surrender results in the punishment of the released prisoner from afar when
punishment inflicted on the original owner of the hair.

Today, in the 21st century, this Zoroastrian belief is followed in Europe.
The America’s Chilean gauchos and the Turks hoard their hair in wall spaces;
Armenians hide their shorn hair in churches, hollow trees, and columns; French
peasants who live in the Vosges Mountains bury their hair along with teeth in a
specific hidden location so that these tokens could be reclaimed on the day of
resurrection.

In the Irish village of Drumconrath there is a belief that their hairs were all

numbered by the Almighty, and they are expected to have to account for each

===== Screenshot (327) -- Page 105 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

hair on the day of judgment. The people of Liege, Belgium, are taught to remove
each hair carefully from their combs and brushes to prevent the hair from coming
into the hands of a witch or demon.

Zoroaster's belief that hair and nails could generate insects and other animals
was not original to him. This belief is older than the nation of Iran and was
continued through the sixteenth century of the Christian era.

Women’s hair that had been buried in cattle dung was thought to generate
snakes.

The Copernican system, published in 1543 by the Polish astronomer Nicolaus
Copernicus, placed the sun at the center of the solar system, overturning previous
belief, not only of the cosmos, but also of man’s station within the universe. Prior
to Copernicus, the prevailing belief was the Ptolemaic system. In this view of the
universe, Earth was at the center and stars were embedded in a large celestial
sphere and additional planets were in smaller spheres in between.

Ptolemy's system included epicycles, smaller circles in which the planets
moved while they orbited the Earth, in order to explain the apparent reverse
motion that the planets sometimes exhibited.

Copernicus described his system of the heavens by pointing out that the
motions of heavenly bodies are uniform, eternal, and either circular or made up of
several circles or epicycles. He said the center of the universe is near the sun, and
around the sun, in a specific order, are Mercury, Venus, Earth and its moon, Mars,
Jupiter, Saturn, and the fixed stars. It took 200 years for the Copernican model to
replace the Ptolemaic model.

In 1603 a French judge, Henri Boguet, published a book on witchcraft
that contained notes from St. Thomas, who thought that “rotten sticks can
(spontaneously mutate and) turn into snakes.” Paracelsus had said, “Nihil est sine
spermate,” meaning nothing exists without semen. This old belief of spontaneous

generation survived into the epoch of Leibniz and Newton.

“Imperfect” animals such as snakes, bugs, frogs, lice, and flies were thought to
reproduce in the presence of “corruption or decomposition” rather than semen.
This line of thinking related the apparent spontaneous appearance of these
animals to a relationship with “infernal powers” rather than a sperm and egg
fertilization.

Imperfections of human flesh, including birth defects (monsters), were
attributed directly to evil spells directed personally from the devil according to
Christianity and popular thinking of the times. It was believed that the evil one
never appears in a perfect human form: Either “he limps or has a horse's hoof,
(thus) betraying his true nature.”

“Witches,” says Paracelsus, “give their hair to Satan as a deposit on the
contract they make with him. But the evil one does not waste this hair, for he cuts
it up small and mixes it with the exhalation from which he forms hail; thus it has
come to pass that we ordinarily find little hairs in hail.”

The belief that hair is a refuge par excellence for devilish spells was shared by
the persecutors of witches. Before being dragged to the torture chamber, women
thought to be witches had their hair cut off, a practice which caused many a witch
to confess to unholy practices even before torture was inflicted.

Jean Bodin (1530-96), a French legal expert recorded that in the year 1485,
forty witches in northern Italy confessed their “crimes” as a group after having
their hair shorn. Bodin noted that Apollonius of Tyana had his locks shorn when
the Emperor Domitian had him arrested for wizardry. As recently as World War
Il, in liberated France, as an extension of this ancient belief, women who had
consorted with the Germans had their hair shaved off by French patriots.

In AD 77 Pliny the Elder dedicated his books on natural history to the Emperor
Titus, and while recognizing the powerful impact of magic upon many nations in
the past and present, Pliny declared that magicians are “tricksters or fools” whose

doctrines were created from the contempt they have for mankind. He claimed

===== Screenshot (328) -- Page 107 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

that magic is vanity and nonsense and that humanity was indebted to the Roman
government for abolishing that monstrous magical rite, the human sacrifice,
which was considered to be the ultimate offering to a god in return for favors and
blessings.

Pliny claimed that the founder of magic was the Persian, Zoroaster, but
ignored the fact that Zoroastrians despised human sacrifice. It is interesting to
note that despite Pliny's scorn for that “invalid and empty” wisdom, his own
writings were heavily impregnated with magical references and followed the
Roman tradition of praising the benefits of herbs, stones, animals, amulets, and
charms.

While raising arguments against magic, Pliny references the Emperor Nero,
who had performed many occult experiments, but none were deemed to be
successful. Pliny then notes that the Emperor Tiberius suppressed magicians in
Gaul. In fact, many of the Roman emperors were aggressively opposed to magic,
and Pliny, an admiral of the Roman fleet, found it of great political value to agree.

Nero, whom Pliny lists among the naysayers of magic, was publicly against
magic and philosophy, studies that he deemed illegal, saying they were “frivolous
and served as a pretext for those who wished to know the future.” Nero believed
that magic was dangerous to the government, and in fact it would have been, if
citizens were allowed to read in the stars the destiny that awaited the rulers.

The stars might predict conspiracies. Nero's wife, Poppaea, had a diviner in
residence in her house staff, and a gaggle of astrologers occupied her private
chambers. And Nero, despite his official public position on magic, still consulted
magicians in political decisions. The astrologer Babilus read from the stars the
names of Nero's enemies, and based upon these celestial directives, Nero had the
enemies rounded up and executed without trial.

Tiberius, whom Pliny credits with the destruction of magic in Gaul, oftentimes

consulted with the astrologer Thrasyllus. This astrologer predicted the elevation

of Tiberius to the throne. Tiberius, in order to test Thrasyllus’s belief in his own
predictions, had decided to execute the astrologer if he predicted incorrectly.
Tiberius then demanded that Thrasyllus predict his own destiny, whereupon
Thrasyllus declared himself to be in immediate danger. Tiberius then stated,
“That is true," and “the exactness of the prophecy guarantees the one concerning
my person.” Tiberius then comforted the trembling prophet and embraced him.

In the book Isis and Osiris, Plutarch (AD 45-126) stated that the Sphinx
symbolizes the secrets of the occult wisdom. He further describes the Sphinx
as a “magnificent creature having wings of ever changing hue.” When directed
towards the sun, the wings glitter like gold; when they are turned towards the
clouds, they shine with the colors of the rainbow. Yet, with all his investigative
skills Plutarch failed to uncover the complete meaning and mysteries of the great
Sphinx.

For untold numbers of years, the Sphinx stood out as the protector of the
secrets of Egyptian magic. In their desire to learn the secrets of the Sphinx, a
parade of Greek philosophers, including Solon, Thales, Pythagoras, Eudoxus, and

Lycurgus ventured to Egypt to confer with the priests.

English Witches

When traveling through the eastern counties of England (such as East Anglia,
Essex, and others), one can regularly find monuments of the victims of religious
and medical persecutions from the reign of Mary | in the first half of the 16th
century. During that time 277 who were found guilty of witchcraft and sorcery
were burnt at the stake. The primary objective of the Reformers (religious, royal,

and medical) was “the elimination of the practitioners of magic and sorcery.”

===== Screenshot (329) -- Page 109 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

In the year 1563, The Elizabethan Witchcraft Act was passed into law. This
law imposed the penalty of death for murder by sorcery, and the pillory and
imprisonment for non-lethal witchcraft. The first person to be punished after
the act was enacted was a sixty-three year old woman by the name of Agnes
Waterhouse who was hanged in Chelmsford in 1566 for the crime of bewitching
William Fynee to death. Her co-defendant was her “familiar,” a cat named Satan.

The first of the victims of this act was like those who followed her, a peasant.
The affluent, physicians, and royals were protected by their wealth from being
accused of witchcraft. The crimes for which the guilty were punished were simple
“maleficia,” baleful acts related to the jealousies and vindictiveness of witches.
The county of Essex became the center of the witch hunt persecutions, with the
major numbers of these trials occurring in 1566, 1579, 1582, and 1589.

An examination of the old court records reveals that the outbreak of “witch
mania” in East Anglia had all of the characteristics of mass hysteria. The entire
book of witch folklore and witchcraft was lodged against the accused along with
trumped-up evidence.

The accusers in the very heart of this conspiracy were the village soothsayers,
referred to as Cunning Men and Cunning Women who were witch doctors and
physicians who freely and wantonly denounced their competitors. This had been
their habit since the beginnings of English history. Originally the punishment
was limited to ecclesiastical punishment or the drawing of the witch’s blood
to “neutralize the spell." With the state now being the official witch hunter,
influential physicians were empowered by the government to give a diagnosis
that guaranteed misery, torture and death to each and every one of the accused.

Handbooks for magistrates, including Michael Dalton's Country Justice (1618),
and Richard Bernard's Guide to Grand Jurymen (1627), noted that the primary
evidence for guilt of witchcraft was the possession of an animal “familiar” (a cat,

dog, mouse, or other pet). “Bona fide physicians, as fallible as their unofficial

allies, the Cunning People, were generally prepared to diagnose many of the
illnesses that they were unable to cure as caused by witchcraft.”

The type of individual to be diagnosed as a witch has been of historical interest
to the psychiatrist Sir Charles Oman, the historian, who divided witches and
wizards into four categories: the conscious charlatan, the malignant person who
truly believed they could harm their enemies, the sheer lunatic, and those who
were themselves the victims of torture and duress.

One Newmarket woman who believed that her pet toad was a “familiar” spirit
was visited by Dr. William Harvey, a physician of King Charles | and the original
illustrator of the complete anatomy of the circulation of human blood.

Dr. Harvey killed and dissected the toad, thus demonstrating that the toad was
not cursed with any unusual anatomy or physiology. Harvey was considered to
be many years ahead of his professional colleagues, who were very comfortable
in pointing a finger at witchcraft as an “alibi” for diseases inflicted upon their

patient that they themselves could not cure.

French Witches

The appearance of witchcraft in Europe, as it developed in the period of “great
persecutions,” was found in two different forms. The first was described as
“cottage industry witchcraft” which employed spells and potions to perform
black or white magic. The second was framed in the belief that witches were the
“shock warriors” of the devil.

The witch was no longer a simple wise-woman, who could produce a healing
treatment charm as well as a poison—the witch (male or female) was now fully

devoted to evil and had consciously joined the corrupted army of Satan.

===== Screenshot (330) -- Page 111 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

In the beginning of the “age of witches,” the French witch was the most often
observed. The age drew heavily on the accusations and incriminations heaped
upon heretical sects. The guilt of the witch was confirmed by posing leading
questions to accused witches and torturing them until a confession was extracted.
The guilty was then required to point fingers at others as witches, who were then
questioned and tortured until they confessed.

The confessions and the great quantities of information were reported by
the persecutors and a distinct picture of “witch behavior and witch beliefs” was
accumulated. In a strange way, this notoriety attracted many to let it be known
that they were witches.

A central theme of the new witch religion was the Sabbath, the meeting
during which the Devil was worshipped. The first accounts that have survived of
this occurrence came in 1335 from Toulouse, in the south of France. A woman,
Anne-Marie de Georgel, confessed that a “tall dark man, who had fiery eyes and
was clothed in skins, appeared to her while she was washing. He asked her to give
herself (sexually) to him and she agreed. He breathed into her ear, and on the
following Saturday, merely by willing it, she was somehow taken to the witches’
meeting. The meeting was presided over by a goat, which taught her secret ways
to work evil. She had used these secrets ever since and had done all the harm she
could.”

Anne-Marie de Georgel stated, “God ruled in heaven and Satan on earth.
They were equal partners, locked in conflict throughout the ages;” however, she
believed that “Satan would soon triumph.”

Another woman, Catherine Delort, claimed that “every Saturday she fell into a
curious sleep in which she was transported to the gathering of witches. There she
worshipped the goat and submitted her body to him and to the other witches.
They worked evil by spoiling harvests and killing cattle, and at their meetings
they feasted on the bodies of babies.”

The French magistrate and witch-hunter, Pierre de Lancre, devoted the last
years of his life to proactively rooting out evidence, “real or imaginary,” of devil-
worship and witchcraft. He bragged about “having consigned 600 witches to the
flames.” In his Tableau de l'inconstance des mauvais anges (Description of the
Faithlessness of Evil Angels) published in 1612, he records his personal account of
his witch hunt in the Basque region of France.

The great preponderance of the accusations against witches’ practices and
behavior at the Sabbath had in the beginning been launched against non-
Christian heretical sects that were accused of the worship of the Devil and his
animal forms (“familiars”), the obscene kiss, the violent hatred of Christianity, the
cannibalism of eating babies, and the promiscuous orgy.

In the beginning of the fourteenth century even the Knights Templar were
accused of worshipping the Devil by trampling on crucifixes, copulating with
demons, and obscene kissing. In the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries there
were various trials of important individuals, such as Joan of Arc and Gilles de Rais,
in which charges of witchcraft were featured and played a part in creating the
wide spread belief that there were large numbers of witches throughout the land.

Everyone knows of Joan of Arc, but few know that she was burned at the
stake after being found guilty of practicing witchcraft. The opinion of her judges
at her trial in 1431 was that “her visions were worthless. They denied her the gift
of prophecy, accused her of sorcery, and above all censured the heretical pride
which induced her to believe that she was answerable only to God and not God's
ministers on earth.”

When at her trial Joan was charged as a sorceress and a witch, there were
varying accounts of her background, including that she was an illegitimate
daughter of Louis d’Orleans and Queen Isabeau, widow of Charles VI, and
therefore the half-sister of the Dauphin, Charles II. Although there is some debate
as to whether or not these claimed birth rights are correct, it is a fact that the

===== Screenshot (331) -- Page 113 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Dauphin gave her a royal coat of arms, an azure shield, and a silver sword with
gold grip, which carried a gold crown and two gold fleurs-de-lis—an unheard of
honor for an “uneducated peasant girl.” It is believed that the truth is that she was
the daughter of successful and well-to-do peasants from the village of Domremy
in Lorraine, close to the border of the kingdom of France, which at that period
was the location of Paris and was being marauded and plundered by the English.

Joan's sudden rise to fame was due to her conviction that she alone could
“deliver France from the English,” a power which she believed was “divinely
conferred upon her for this purpose.” Joan claimed that strange voices she
identified as those of St. Gabriel, St. Michael, St. Marguerite, and St. Catherine
began communicating with her when she was only thirteen. In the shade of a
“fairies' tree” she had made a vow of a celibate life. Initially the voices instructed
her to travel to France, but when the news of the city of Orleans being under
siege, reached Joan in Domremy, she was then told to rescue the city.

As a small child Joan was told of the kingdom of France that had been lost
by an evil Queen Isabeau who had defected to France's enemies and that a virgin
would reclaim France. There was another story that originated in the beginning
of the 15th century that was told to the region's children: “A soothsayer named
Marie d’Avignon had gone to the King and told him that the country was about to
be ravaged by war, but that a maid would come and lead France to victory.”

In 1429 Joan asked an officer in command of her area, Robert de Baudricourt,
to give her a horse and military escort to go to ask for an audience with the
Dauphine. After she asked for and received an exorcism from a local priest, the
officer complied. Now armed with an introduction to the Dauphine, Joan travelled
across occupied France to Chinon.

Joan was able to pass through road blocks, ambushes, sentries, and highway
robbers. When she arrived, the court ministers of Chinon were seriously

concerned and untrusting of this young woman who claimed she was sent by

saints and angels and God. Joan agreed to be interviewed by an extensive
ecclesiastical assembly at Poitiers, and she passed the test and convinced the
clerics.

Subsequently, with Charles, Joan declared that she would fight and drive
France's enemies from their territory “through the grace of St. Michael.” Charles
was sufficiently convinced that he provided Joan with armor and troops and
dispatched her to Tours. Her standard bore the image of the King of Heaven
holding an orb with the words “Jesus Maria.” She gathered her troops and headed
to join the French army at Blois for the relief of Orleans.

Her military campaigns were successful, the siege of Orleans ended, and the
English were chased back home; Charles was crowned at Rheims as Joan had
predicted. The following year Joan was captured and turned over to John of
Luxembourg, the Burgundian commander, who sold her to the English.

After two attempts at escape, Joan was sent to the English military facility
of Rouen and placed under tight guard in the castle. Joan’s trial for sorcery and
heresy began in the year 1431. For political reasons, the English were determined
that Joan would be convicted and no amount of ransom could save her.

Joan was put into the custody of an anglophile Bishop, Pierre Cauchon, who
had asked for the office of judge for personal benefit; he then elected a tribunal
that would guarantee a conviction. The question that the trial was designed to
answer was “whether it was God or the Devil who guided her.”

The theologians of the Church, the clerics, and masters of the University of
Paris were in agreement that Joan had used witchcraft. It was said that the judges
had proof that “Joan was a magician, a heretic, a schismatic.” It was charged
that the voices she claimed she had heard were the result of her consumption of
mandrake, an herb that produces a narcotic-like substance that causes delirium
and has magical powers, including the effect of hearing voices, and Joan was

known to carry mandrake in her bodice. Her judges insisted that, “her apparitions

===== Screenshot (332) -- Page 115 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

were in fact infernal spirits, that her voices were satanic interventions, that her
premonitions were witchcraft and that her (successful) battles were diabolical
crimes.”

The exact charges against Joan was that she was “superstitious, a soothsayer,
an idolater, an invoker of devils, a blasphemer against God and his saints.” The
indictment produced a list of “her detestable and wicked crimes and sins as fruits
of her proud spirit." The Inquisition refused to believe that saints had either
spoken to her or visited her, and they believed that Charles VII's coronation
had been “a work of hell” because Joan had evoked evil spirits. The Inquisition
further reported that Joan was perfidious, cruel, and tainted with human blood.
The University of Paris affirmed that Joan was “a woman of Balial, Satan, and
Behemoth.”

To all these charges Joan was found guilty of heresy and would be burned
at the stake unless she submitted. Totally at a loss because of the verdict and
punishment, she recanted her claims and was given a sentence of prison.

Sometime later, Joan recanted her confession and was burned at the stake on
May 30, 1431, as a “relapsed heretic.” After the fire had consumed her body, the
executioner was ordered to remove the ashes and expose her charred body. The
executioner then cut open her belly and chest and destroyed her entrails. He was
commanded to throw Joan’s heart and her ashes into the Loire to prevent any
“miracle-working” pieces to be claimed and used to restore her.

During Joan's trial, only Jean Gerson, Master of the University, had defended
her and declared her innocence. In 1456 eminent judges “proclaimed the
inequities of the first trial and Joan’s innocence, reasserted her orthodoxy and
admirable merits, and further annulled the judgment of 1431.”

In 1909, almost five centuries later, Joan was beatified, and in 1920 she was
canonized by the Roman Catholic Church. Joan was now St. Joan of Arc! She

became the only “witch” to ever have been elevated to the level of sainthood.

German Witchcraft

Dominating the consciousness of witch hunters during the period of the European
persecutions was the belief that it was the God-given duty of Christians to
“rescue” heretics and pagans from the unspeakable fate that awaited them after
death. Earlier, St. Augustine had stated his position that “not only every pagan,
but that every Jew, heretic and schismatic will go to the eternal fire . . . unless
before the end of his life he be reconciled and restored to the Catholic Church.”

The result of St. Augustine's public attitude was the creation of a living hell on
Earth for thousands people with the purpose of “saving them from the terrors of
hell in the next world.” The terrors inflicted by the persecution were considered
to be worse in Germany than in any other part of Europe. Witch trials began in
Germany in the mid-fithteenth century with the greatest numbers occurring after
1570, during the period of the Counter Reformation, when the Roman Catholic
Church seriously began to turn back the rise of Protestantism and all forms of
heresy and witchcraft.

Between 1609 and 1622 more than 300 Germans were executed for practicing
witchcraft in the state of Bamberg alone. The accused were mercilessly tortured
without concern of age or gender. In 1614 a seventy-four-year-old woman died
while “undergoing torments up to the third grade.”

Between 1623 and 1632 the German state of Bamberg was described as “the
shrine of horror.” This state was ruled by Prince-Bishop Gottfried von Dornheim,
a fanatical witch-hater who was known as “the Witch Bishop.” He organized an
aggressive witch-hunting organization under the leadership of Suffragan Bishop
Friedrich Forner, who was supported by a council of lawyers. Witch prisons
were established; the most ruthless was the Hexenhaus, the “Witches’ House.”
Suspected witches were interrogated and tortured in the Hexenhaus, and it is

believed that at least 600 humans were burnt at the stake after their confessions.

===== Screenshot (333) -- Page 118 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

It was considered mandatory that the accused confess to practicing witchcraft,
and all efforts were employed to obtain the confession. Extreme techniques of
torture were employed, including “roasting (the accused) on an iron chair, rending
the flesh with red-hot pinchers, crushing the legs, dislocating the shoulders, and
applying thumb screws.”

It was very dangerous for anyone to question the result of the torture or
interrogation by the court because the friends and employees of the court saw to
it that once charged with witchcraft none of the accused would be found innocent
and could not avoid being burnt at the stake. The kindly Dr. Hann, Vice-Chancellor
of Bambergh, who had demonstrated kindness towards accused witches, was
himself accused as a witch. By means of torture, he was caused to admit guilt
and name five of his leading burgomasters as “fellow sorcerers.” In 1628 the
humanitarian Vice-Chancellor, his wife, and daughter were burned at the stake as
witches.

After the year 1630 the German witch hunt was reduced in scope and
intensity. In that year Bishop Forner died, and two years later his master,
the Witch Bishop, died. The invasion of Germany by Gustavus Adolphus, the
Protestant King of Sweden, distracted the efforts of witch hunting to the crisis
provoked by the occupation of Germany by “an arch-heretic on Catholic soil.”
By1630 executions of witches were reduced to 24 and then the next year there
were zero.

The terrors of German witch hunting were carried out by Protestants as well
as Roman Catholics. It is well documented that Benedict Carpzov, a Lutheran,
admitted ordering the executions of more than 20,000 confessed witches in

Saxony!

Italian Witchcraft

The witches of Italy were famous for being masters of their craft and the most
successful of the witch covens of Europe. They inherited the traditions of the
Roman and the Etruscan witches and were so successful that even in the 21st
century they are still a force to be reckoned with in Sicily and the southern
portions of the Italian peninsula.

La Vecchia (the Old Religion) is the name given to the two branches of what
is called black and white witchcraft that is still practiced in Italy and Sicily. These
forms of Italian witchcraft have their foundations in the practices and beliefs of
the historical colonizers.

Greek, Etruscan, and Egyptian practices and ceremonies were folded into the
sanctioned Roman religion. Astrology, augury, and divination were consulted
before official policies were decided upon.

Pagan power brokers denounced the “dark side of magic” as fervently as did
the Inquisition courts. All sorcerers were at risk of being driven from Rome if an
accuser made charges that they were a danger to the state or the emperor by
virtue of their evil powers.

Italian witchcraft featured night-time ceremonies designed to conjure up the
evil spirits and gods backed by a devil, with the construction of wax likenesses
into which needles were thrust and knots were cinched tight to show pain
infliction, sexual failure, and death. And to speed up the evil spirits’ effect, the
Italian witches resorted to quick acting poisons. If the Roman courts found the
accused guilty they would be punished by crucifixion or being fed to the lions in
the coliseum.

Horace, the classical Roman poet (100 BC), wrote several detailed treatises on
the gruesome practice of black and white magic. Another classic Roman writer,
Apuleius (2nd century AD), documented the evil art and craft of gnarled old
women in The Golden Ass, the tale of a handsome young man who is tinkering

with witchcraft and through a series of horrible mistakes he is turned into an ass.

===== Screenshot (334) -- Page 120 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

The two writers gave similar examples and accounts of the horrors of Italian
witchcraft that were described again 1400 years later when those accused of
witchcraft were tortured, crucified, and burnt at the stake.

The Apologia, a second book written by Apuleius, made an effort to separate
evil and what was considered beneficial magic of astrology, medicine, and
conjuring up spirits to learn details and outcomes of the future. The Roman

witch “strix” (nocturnal bird)," “saga” (wise woman),” and “volantica” (night
flyer),” were the earliest forms of the Italian witch called the “strega,” whose
terrible persecutions, crucifixions, and burnings lasted from the 15th to the 18th
centuries.

During the early years of Christianity all private magic ceremonies were
banned and public rites were restricted by law to augury. In the 5th century, the
Ostrogoths (Arian Christians) led by Theodoric invaded Italy and listed divination
as a form of illegal paganism that was punishable by death. In 500 AD sorcerers
were chased from Rome under the threat of imprisonment or death. In 600
AD the Lombards invaded Italy and rounded up and sold magicians into slavery
regardless of whether or not their magic was beneficent.

Many centuries were required to pass before the greater numbers of Italian
peasant farmers totally embraced Christian beliefs and practices. It was a slow
process to rededicate pagan temples into Catholic cathedrals, and even then
Christianity was considered to be a “veneer” that masked the old witchcraft
customs. Local priests were often uneducated and not any better informed
than their congregations. “Evidence” collected by the Inquisitions indicated that
paganism and Christianity were blended into a “paradoxical faith.”

The witch hunts of Europe appeared in Italy in the mid-15th century, with the
northern states near Germany being the worst affected. The more the Inquisition

looked and tortured, the more witches it discovered. A Papal Bull put forth by


Innocent VIII in 1484 AD set off a plague of rabid Inquisition investigators; in the

following year after its publication forty-one people were burned at the stake as
witches.

Edwin Smith Papyrus Hysterical reports that in Naples and Rome there
soon appeared a church notice that charged, “Witches outnumbered Christian
believers!” Their followers tended to be the very educated and they frequently
studied divination and astrology, alchemy, medicine, and astronomy. In 1510, 140
witches were burned at the stake in Bresica, and 300 were sacrificed by fire in
Como four years later. Outlandish tales circulated that 25,000 attended a black
Sabbath near Bresica. Seventy additional witches who had confessed at the hands
of the Inquisition were burned in Valcanonica, and an Inquisitor there bragged
that there were 5,000 additional accused witches under investigation.

Venetian civil leaders complained because their areas of responsibility
were threatened with depopulation as a result of the Inquisition and witch
hunts! The civil authority was supposed to carry out the judgment and
punishment demanded by the Inquisition. The Inquisition was given the right
to excommunicate court members if they did not carry out the sentence of
burning, beheading, hanging, or other punishments issued against those found
guilty of witchcraft and heresy. The Venetian Council of Ten countered with an
“enlightened reply,” saying “The witch hunter's greed for money and property
prevented anyone from being found innocent and if so many of the ignorant
peasantry were in error they had need of really good preachers rather than
persecutors.”

Even in these times two forms of Italian witchcraft could be identified. The
first were the wise women who incited love and healing brews, and the second
were those who resided in the rural reaches, would tell one’s fortune, gather
herbs by moonlight for good and evil, and chant to direct the decisions of spirits

good and evil.

===== Screenshot (335) -- Page 122 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

In these times high-profile witches, or those who were accused of witchcraft
for other's sinister purposes, were hung or burnt at the stake, while the quiet,
peasant wise woman survived in the dark attics of the believer's homes.

According to Man, Myth, and Magic: The Illustrated Encyclpopedia of
Mythology, Religion, and the Unknown, edited by Richard Caendish, “Almost more
than anywhere else in modern Europe, the people in southern Italy and Sicily
still retain the customs of La Vecchia. The Evil Eye is feared and the phallic sign
invoked to destroy its power. Wax hearts and images are stuck with pins, and wise
women consulted for charms to make people fall in or out of love, and to gain

lucky lottery ticket numbers.”

American Witches

Salem Witch Trials

The Salem witch trials were a series of hearings and prosecutions of people
accused of witchcraft in colonial Massachusetts between February 1692 and May
1693. Despite commonly being described as the Salem witch trials, the initial
hearings in 1692 were conducted in Salem Village (Danvers), Ipswich, Andover,
and Salem Town.

The most horrible of the early trials were held by the Court of Oyer and
Terminer in 1692 in Salem Town. According to Robert Calef, who opposed Cotton
Mather and wrote a book denouncing the Salem Witch Trials titled More Wonders

of the Invisible World, a reporter of the time described the trials this way:

And now Nineteen persons having been hang’d, and one prest to death,
and eight more condemned, in all Twenty and Eight, of which above a third
part were members of some of the Churches of N. England, and more than

half of them of a good Conversation in general, and not one clear'd; about

Fifty having confest themselves to be Witches, of which not one Executed;
above an Hundred and Fifty in Prison, and Two Hundred more accused; the

Special Commission of Oyer and Terminer comes to a period...

In 17th century colonial North America, the supernatural was part of everyday
life, and there was a ubiquitous belief that Satan and his evil agents of witches,
sorcerers, and magicians were everywhere and actively promoting evil events,
such as disease, death, and environmental calamity. These beliefs were birthed
in Europe in the 15th century and then spread to North America as it became
colonized.

Witchraft, practiced as “white magic,” with charms and herbal medicines were
used by subsistence peasant farmers to ensure personal health, fertility of their
flocks and herds, and successful crop yields. Gradually the practice of a positive
and proactive white magic evolved into dark or “black magic," the form of
witchcraft that is associated with demons, evil spirits, and their evil deeds that by
call or command are launched against health, life, herds, flocks, crops, and the
land.

Between 1560 and 1570, black magic and its various practices were pervasive
in colonial America. “Witch hunts,” persecutions, and executions were everyday
events!

In Against Modern Sadducism, in 1668, Joseph Glanvill claimed that “he could
prove the existence of witches and ghosts of the supernatural realm.” Glanvill’s
writings addressed the “denial of the bodily resurrection, and the [supernatural]
spirits.” In his publications he claimed that “ingenious men should believe in
witches and apparitions; if they doubted the reality of spirits, they not only
denied demons, but also the almighty God.”

Glanvill wanted to prove that the supernatural could not be denied; he claimed

those who did deny apparitions were considered heretics for it also disproved

===== Screenshot (336) -- Page 124 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

their beliefs in angels. Written texts and speeches by Glanvill and Cotton Mather
tried to prove to their followers and anyone who would listen that “demons
were alive,” which literally produced a mass hysteria in those who believed that
demons were actively controlling events on earth.

Men and women in Salem believed that all of their personal and community
misfortune was due to the evil works and spells of the devil. When infant death,
crop failures, and revolution involving church congregations occurred, they were
blamed on people who were thought to be practicing witchcraft or black magic
and conspiring with evil forces.

Before the constitutional upheaval of the 1680s, the government of
Massachusetts had primarily been filled with and dominated by Puritan secular
leaders. Puritans, influenced by Calvinism, opposed many of the ceremonial
traditions of the Protestant Church of England, including the Book of Common
Prayer, the use of priestly vestments of caps and gowns during services, the use of
the Holy Cross during baptism, and kneeling during the sacrament—all of which
constituted “Popery.”

Hostile policies of King Charles | and active repression by Anglican Church
officials of these dissenting non-Anglican views accelerated in the 1620s and
1630s, resulting in a mass migration of Puritans and other religious minorities to
North America.

The new immigrants established many colonies in New England, of which the
Massachusetts Bay Colony was the largest and most economically viable. Self-
governance fit their philosophy of life because building a self-governed colony
based on their religious beliefs was their priority. Their community leaders were
elected by the freemen of the members of the church, whose religious beliefs
were formally examined, and then they were formally admitted into a Puritan
congregation of the colony. The colonial leadership tended to be well thought of
members of their Congregations, and were known to consult regularly with the

local ministers on the important issues that would confront the colony.

In Salem Village, as in the main colony, daily life was directed by the
precepts of the church, which was Calvinist in the extreme. Music, dancing, and
participation in holiday celebrations of Christmas and Easter were absolutely
forbidden, as they supposedly had their roots in paganism.

The only music allowed in the colonies was the unaccompanied singing of
hymns. Even in the 17th century, the folk songs of the day glorified love
and nature, and were therefore thought by believers to be against God. Toys,
especially dolls, were forbidden and were universally considered frivolous and a
waste of time.

Schooling of children was limited to religious studies and Bible literacy. All
members of the colony were expected to attend three-hour sermons every
Wednesday and Sunday at the community meeting house. Village life centered on
the meeting house where sanctioned meetings and events took place.

Prior to 1692, there had been reports of witchcraft swirling through
neighboring Salem Village and other towns. Cotton Mather, a well-known
minister of Boston's North Church (not to be confused with the later Anglican
North Church of Paul Revere fame), was a prolific writer of pamphlets and a loud
trumpeter of warnings of witchcraft.

In his book Memorable Providences Relating to Witchcrafts and Possessions
(1689), Mather describes his “oracular observations” and how “stupendous
witchcraft" had affected the children of Boston mason John Goodwin. Mather
illustrates how Goodwin's eldest child had been tempted by the devil and stole
linen from the washerwoman Mary Glover.

Glover was an unhappy old woman whom her husband had often described as
a witch. This is perhaps a contributing factor to why she was accused of casting
spells on the Goodwin children. After the initial witchcraft accusation, four of the

===== Screenshot (337) -- Page 126 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

six Goodwin children began to have strange behaviors, or what some observers
referred to as “the disease of astonishment.”

The symptoms of the afflicted Goodwin children included neck and back pain,
feelings as though their tongues were being drawn from their throat, and loud
unpredictable screams. Other noted symptoms included their bodies becoming
limp, bird-like flapping of their arms, attempts to inflict self-harm, and actions to
inflict physical pain on others.

The children were brought to the local physician, namely one Dr. William
Griggs, who declared that he could not heal the children, as “their afflictions were
due to the spells of witchcraft!” It was Dr. William Griggs’ pronouncement and
diagnosis of “witchcraft as being the cause of the Goodwin children’s afflictions”
that would fuel the Salem craze of witch hunts in 1692.

A short time later in Salem Village, in the winter of 1692, nine-year-old Betty
Parris and her eleven-year-old cousin Abigail Williams, the daughter and niece
of the Reverend Parris, began displaying signs of “fits” described as “beyond the
power of Epileptic Fits or natural disease” by John Hale, a minister from nearby
Beverly.

The afflicted girls screamed, uttered strange sounds, threw dishes around
the room, crawled under furniture, contorted themselves like pretzels, and
complained of being pinched and pricked by pins. Again, Dr. William Griggs,
recorded this, saying that he “could find no physical evidence of any disease” and
declared the cause of the girl's afflictions to be witchcraft!

The first three people to be accused and arrested as witches and charged with
afflicting the young patients Betty Parris, Abigail Williams, twelve-year-old Ann
Putnam, Jr, and Elizabeth Hubbard were Sarah Good, Sarah Osborne, and Tituba
(who was a slave).

Sarah Good was a local homeless beggar; Sarah Osborne rarely attended
church and was considered to be unworthy because she married an indentured

servant; and Tituba was a slave who was a fortune teller who led young girls
astray by telling them of enchanting stories of Malleus Maleficarum (evil spells).
All three of these women fit the description of “usual suspects” for witchcraft
accusations and no one came forward to defend them.

By May 1692 accusations of witchcraft began to pour into Salem Village
authorities. Up until that point, the proceedings and arrests were only
investigative. However, on May 27,1692, William Phips ordered the establishment
of a Special Court of Oyer and Terminer for Suffolk, Essex, and Middlesex counties
to prosecute the cases of those in jail.

Many methods were employed to gain confessions of participating in
witchcraft from those accused, including making a “witch cake.” The cake was
made from rye meal and the urine of the victim of witchcraft or sorcery, and then
was fed to a dog; when the dog ate the cake, the witches themselves would feel
pain and scream out. The concept of the “witch cake" was based on Cartesian
“Doctrine of Effluvia,” which stated that witches afflicted their victims by means
of “venomous and malignant particles that were ejected from the eye.”

‘Another test based on effluvia, and used to identify a witch, was the “touch
test” from the Old Testament and was used again in Andover in September 1692.
If the accused witch touched the victim while the victim was having a fit or some
form of attack and the fit ceased, that meant that the accused was the witch who
had afflicted the victim.

Other evidence included the confessions of the accused (even confessions
extracted through torture), the testimony of a person who had confessed to being
a witch identifying others as being a witch, the finding of books of palmistry and
horoscopes, or pots of ointments or healing herbs in the home of the accused,
and the discovery of a “witches teat” on the skin of the accused in the form of a
mole or blemish that was insensitive to touch.

===== Screenshot (338) -- Page 128 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Warrants were issued for thirty-six more people, with more examinations for
signs of witchcraft (including torture) taking place in Salem Village. When the
Court of Oyer and Terminer convened at the end of May, the number of those
accused of witchcraft and in custody had risen to sixty two!

In August grand juries indicted George Burroughs, Mary Eastey, Martha
Corey, and George Jacobs, Sr., and trial juries convicted Martha Carrier, George
Jacobs, Sr, George Burroughs, John Willard, Elizabeth Proctor, and John Proctor.
Elizabeth Proctor was given a temporary stay of execution because she was
pregnant. On August 19, 1692, Martha Carrier, George Jacobs, Sr, George
Burroughs, John Willard, and John Proctor were executed.

In September, grand juries indicted eighteen more people. On September19,
1692, Giles Corey refused to plead at arraignment, and was subjected to peine
forte et dure, a form of torture in which the subject is pressed beneath an
increasingly heavy load of stones, in an attempt to make him enter a plea. Four
pled guilty and eleven others were tried and found guilty of witchcraft.

On September 22, 1692, eight more were executed, “After Execution Mr. Noyes
turning him to the bodies, said, ‘what a sad thing it is to see Eight Firebrands of


Hell hanging ther:
Because of the long duration and widespread nature of the Salem witch hunts
and trials, the historical and contributing factors of these mass hysterias are
worth investigating.
Historian Clarence F. Jewett included a list of people executed in New England
in The Memorial History of Boston: Including Suffolk County, Massachusetts (1630
1880). He wrote:

The following is the list of the 12 persons who were executed for
witchcraft in New England before 1692, when 24 other persons were
executed in Salem, whose names are well known. It is possible that the list

is not complete; but I have included all of which I have any knowledge,
and with such details as to names and dates as could be ascertained;
1647-Margaret Jones, of Charlestown, at Boston. 1648-Mary Johnson, at
Hartford, 1650-Henry Lake's wife, of Dorchester. 1650-Mrs. Kendall, of
Cambridge. 1651-Mary Parsons, of Springfield, at Boston. 1651-Goodwife
Bassett, at Fairfield, Conn. 1653-Goodwife Knap, at Hartford. 1656—
Ann Hibbins, at Boston. 1662-Goodman Greensmith, at Hartford. 1662
Goodwife Greensmith, at Hartford. 1688-Goody Glover, at Boston.

On February 21, 1693, Governor William Phips said:

When | put an end to the Court there were at least fifty persons in prison
in great misery by reason of the extreme cold and their poverty, most
of them having only spectre evidence against them and their mittimusses
being defective, | caused some of them to be let out upon bayle and put
the Judges upon consideration of a way to relief others and to prevent
them from perishing in prison, upon which some of them were convinced
and acknowledged that their former proceedings were too violent and not
grounded upon a right foundation... The stop put to the first method of
proceedings hath dissipated the black cloud that threatened this Province
with destruccion; ...

When the Salem witch hunts had ended 150 had been accused, 62 had been
imprisoned, 19 had been executed by hanging, 4 died in prison and one eighty-
year-old man had been crushed to death by stones over a four day period for
refusing to enter a plea.

The precipitating event that produced, what is perhaps the most horrible
example of a mass hysteria in America, was the pontification of Dr. William
Griggs, who diagnosed the strange behavior and afflictions in eight Puritan girls
and young women as “bewitchment, the result of witchcraft.” Because of the

===== Screenshot (339) -- Page 130 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

religious and political environment that pervaded New England at the time, Dr.
Griggs’ diagnosis of witchcraft had the same effect as yelling “fire in a crowded
theater.”

A rational explanation for the appearance of symptoms of the “victims” of
witch craft in New England is the contamination of stored grains with ergot, the
exotoxin of a mold that causes constriction of vascular muscles resulting in the
lack of oxygen in the brain as well as other tissues.

Historically, the consumption of grains, particularly rye, and breads
contaminated with the fungus called ergot ("cockspur” or Claviceps pupurea)
resulted in convulsive and gangrenous symptoms produced by the exotoxin
lysergic acid diethylamide (LSD). Diluted tinctures of cockspur (ergot) were used
by alchemists and early physicians to speed up child birth and stop postpartum
bleeding.

The initial infestation of ergot in the seed head of grain causes the flowers to
eject a sweet, yellow-pigmented mucus (“honey dew”), which contains the fungal
spores that then spreads the infestation. The growing fungus then invades the
developing grain with a web of filaments that become a purplish-black sclerota.
Sclerota are usually thought to be large hypercolored grains of rye.

The sclerota contain ergot alkaloids, including lysergic acid (the source of LSD)
and ergotamine, often used as a treatment for migraine headaches. The alkaloids
have a direct effect on the central nervous system and produce contraction of
smooth muscle in the vascular system and the internal organs.

It is well documented that consuming ergot-contaminated food will produce
convulsions, severe muscle spasms, vomiting, delusions, hallucinations, and
“creepy crawlies” under the skin (formication), all of which were reported in the
victims of the accusers of the Salem witchcraft trials.

Ergot will proliferate in warm, damp, and rainy spring and summer weather
— these were exactly the environmental conditions recorded in Salem in 1691.

All of the accusers lived in the western part of Salem Village, an ecosystem of
swampy meadows that would be a perfect breeding ground for ergot. At the
time, rye was the staple grain of Salem residents. The rye crop would have been
consumed in the fall and winter of 1691-1692—just when the accuser's victim's
symptoms were reported. The summer of 1692 was dry, which is thought to be


the explanation for the sudden end of the “bewitchments.

‘Symptoms included painful seizures and spasms, diarrhea, paresthesia (itching
and prickling), formication (a feeling that ants are crawling under the skin),
vomiting, mania, psychosis, hallucinations, headaches, vertigo, and tinnitus. Dry
gangrene is the result of vasoconstriction induced by the ergotamine-ergocristine
alkaloids produced by the fungus.

The gangrene is caused by the effects of ergot on the most poorly vascularized
structures of the body including ears, fingers, and toes. Advanced symptoms
include desquamation or peeling of the skin, weak peripheral pulse, peripheral
neuropathies, edema, and total loss of affected tissues.

The earliest references to ergotism in 857 AD are found in the Annales
Xantenses: “a Great plague of swollen blisters consumed the people by a
loathsome rot, so their limbs were loosened and fell off before death.”

In 944 AD, in southern France 40,000 people died of ergotism. In the Middle
Ages, the gangrenous plague was called “ignis sacer” (“holy fire") or "Saint
Anthony's fire.” The 12th century writer, Geoffroy du Breuil of Vigeois, reported
the mysterious outbreaks in the Limousin region in France, where the gangrenous
form of ergotism was associated with the local Saint Martial as much as Saint
Anthony.

===== Screenshot (340) -- Page 132 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Georgia Witch Hunt

In 1977, while working as a pathologist at the Yerkes Primate Research Center,
Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia, Wallach discovered the first non-human
case of cystic fibrosis in a young rhesus monkey.

Wallach’s findings were confirmed by experts in the field of cystic fibrosis
pathology; the experts included Dr. Robert Beale, an MD who would later become
the director of the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation.

When Wallach announced that cystic fibrosis was not a genetic disease, but
rather a congenital deficiency of the trace mineral selenium in the embryo or
early postnatal life, Wallach was summarily terminated in April of 1978 from his
Position at Yerke's without the ability to defend his observations as would be the
case for a PhD candidate.

In 1978 Wallach was hired by St. Louis University to be the Director of the
Laboratory Animal Research colony in the medical school. However, after learning
of his termination from the Yerkes facility by Emory University and the NIH, he
was summarily terminated before he even moved into his new offices.

In June 2, 2005, an article appeared in the International Laboratory Animal
Research Journal (ILAR Journal) by W. R. Morton and K. Swindler titled
“Serendipitous Insights Involving Nonhuman Primates":

CYSTIC FIBROSIS

Emory University (1978) reported that “a classic textbook case” of cystic
fibrosis as found in humans had been identified in a nonhuman primate,
an animal in which the disease had not been described previously. An
assistant veterinary pathologist (whose name {Wallach} was withheld by

Emory) unexpectedly discovered the disease during the routine autopsy
of a 6-month-old male rhesus monkey that had died of unknown causes.
The diagnosis was confirmed by Dr. Victor Nassar, an Emory pediatric
pathologist at Atlanta's Grady Memorial Hospital, and by Dr. John Easterly,
a pathologist at the Chicago Lying-in Hospital and national authority on
cystic fibrosis. The monkey, one of a group being studied for the space
program, instead provided the first nonhuman primate model of cystic
fibrosis.

Nevada Witch Hunt

In July of 2011 Wallach and Ropp sent several case reports of children
that had recovered from muscular dystrophy (by following Wallach’s diet and
supplemental protocol) to Jerry Lewis Productions in Las Vegas, NV. The case
reports showed very clearly that a nutritional supplement program and a special
diet had reversed the symptoms of MD in several children.

Wallach and Ropp contacted Lewis through his personal assistant Violet and
alerted him of the fact that a probable “cure” for muscular dystrophy had been
discovered. They did not ask for money, but rather had asked if Lewis would like
to be the one who made the announcement that a major breakthrough had been
discovered that could resolve the childhood plague muscular dystrophy at last!

Lewis became excited, took the data to the medical committee of the MD
Foundation. After Lewis insisted that they give serious consideration to Wallach's
and Ropp's claims, Jerry Lewis was fired by the MD Foundation.

Jerry Lewis's personal assistant Violet confirmed that “If it were up to Mr. Lewis
he would continue to participate in and host the Muscular Dystrophy Telethon.”

North Carolina Witch Hunt

===== Screenshot (341) -- Page 134 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Following the publication of the Flexner Report (initiated in 1914 by the
Rockefeller Institute and Andrew Carnegie Foundation to determine which group
of doctors and healers to support and which ones to “deep six"), an endless
“witch hunt” had been perpetrated against the alternative healers in America by
the medical associations at the city, state, and federal levels—the purpose being
“to cleanse America of all medical competition of the M.D. medical system by
alternative healers.” A classic example of the medical witch hunts in America was
the trial of a Wise Women by the name of Belle Howard.

In 1992 Wallach was recruited to be an expert witness for the defense in
a bizarre trial that was a 20th century witch hunt. The defendant was a fifty-
something wise woman, an herbalist by the name of Belle Howard. Howard
was charged with twenty-three felonies including murder, practicing medicine
without a license, and fraud, etc.

Wallach had been recruited by a defense attorney, William Moore of Savannah,
Georgia, who was also a medical doctor who was famous for his successful
defenses of alternative healers and doctors of all philosophies.

Wallach had been recruited by the defense for his skills as an investigative
comparative pathologist. The government's contention was that “Howard had
treated a military veteran for cancer two years before his death and that her
treatment had kept him away from life-saving medical procedures that he should
have gotten from the VA hospital and as a result he had died unnecessarily from
a treatable cancer.”

Upon arrival in Fayetteville, NC, Wallach was presented with a letter that was
written on state letterhead from the state medical examiner claiming that the
patient had died from a treatable cancer. Wallach immediately requested the
written autopsy report, tissue slides, and tissue chemistry results that had been
collected from the patient's autopsy. In addition, Wallach requested the terminal
VA hospital admission records for the patient.

The judge sent a state trooper to collect all of the requested material and
recessed the trial until the appropriate papers and materials were collected and
reviewed by Wallach on behalf of the defense.

A cursory look at the tissue slides and a review of the treatment records
showed that the patient did not die from a “treatable cancer," but instead had
died from the complications of poly-pharmacy and flagrant drug overdoses.

If the VA medical doctors had just buried the patient and signed the death
certificate with the cause of death listed as cancer no one would have paid any
attention. But the opportunity “to get rid of a thorn in their side" was too good to
pass up. They could get rid of this little old wise woman who was dissing them—
by blaming the patient's death on the herbalist!

The medical community thought that they were going to get a “two-fer”
by deflecting blame from themselves and at the same time getting rid of the
herbalist!

When the prosecuting attorney called his expert witness, the state medical
examiner, he asked the usual questions, including “is this the autopsy report, did
you do the autopsy on the deceased, patient, etc.

When the medical examiner was turned over to Moore, the defense attorney,
the witness was presented with a copy of the PDR (the Physician's Desk Reference)
that Wallach had prepared for this very moment.

The PDR was marked for the seven drugs that had been used to treat
the patient during his terminal admission. Each drug was ear-marked and the
warnings highlighted. Moore asked the medical examiner to state the name of
the drug, what it was typically used for, and read the contents in the high-lighted
black box warnings.

‘After complying with Moore's request through the first two marked
prescriptions, the medical examiner caught on to the direction of the questioning.
Wallach had recognized that the seven drugs used to treat the patient should not

===== Screenshot (342) -- Page 136 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

be employed at the same time: four were pain relievers and three of the drugs
were sedatives.

The black box warnings stated that each of the drugs used to treat the patient
should not be concurrently employed with the others because of an additive
effect which could be fatal to the patient.

By the third marker the medical examiner understood that he was being
used to expose the wrongs of his colleagues. He stood up in the witness stand,
slammed the PDR on the judge's bench, and declared, “I will not read any more
from this book!

The judge banged his gavel in anger and said loudly, “Sir, you will sit down
and answer Mr. Moore's questions or | will hold you in contempt of court.” The
medical examiner sat down and through his tears and sobbing he read the rest of
the marked and highlighted pages out loud to the jury.

The jury deliberated for only a day and found Belle Howard innocent of all
twenty-three felony charges. The potential for a national “witch hunt” against
alternative healers had been derailed.

Montana Witch Hunt

In November 2012 Wallach was in Mizzoula, Montana, giving one of his 300 per
year free lectures when the “witch hunt” mentality raised its ugly head again.
Wallach was being interviewed live by Peter Christian on local station KGVO
(Town Square Media), to promote Wallach's lecture in Mizzoula that evening.
During the interview, a man identifying himself as Dr. ****** called in and said,
“Put Wallach on the line,” apparently believing he was on a one-to-one phone
connection with Wallach rather than live on the air. He said, “I am Dr. *******, |
am the anesthetist for the *"**** surgical group in Mizzoula, and | am telling you,
Wallach, not to show up in our emergency room unconscious," to which Wallach

responded, “Sir, are you threatening to kill me?” At that moment one of his staff
alerted the doctor to the fact that he was on an open, live radio show and he hung
up (the radio station refused to give up the disc of the interview to the Wallach
team).

Washington Witch Hunt

In February 2013 Wallach was in Walla Walla, Washington, giving yet another free
health lecture. At the meeting that night, one attendee alerted the team to the
fact that a local, well known pastor, during his Sunday sermon, had admonished
his flock not to attend Wallach's lecture as it was quackery and intended to
defraud them.

Several days later on Friday, February 22, 2013, in the Walla Walla Union-
Bulletin, Dr. Don Casebolt (for the Union-Bulletin) wrote:

Doctor's visit raises quackery questions

Dr. DON CASEBOLT

For THE UNION-BULLETIN

You can fool all of the people some of the time, and some of the people
all of the time, but you can’t fool all of the people all of the time. This
little jingle came to my mind as | thought about Dr. Joel Wallach's visit to
Walla Walla scheduled for earlier this week.

| first heard of Wallach some twenty years ago while living in
Farmington, NM. | had learned about his book (and audio cassette tape)
Dead Doctors Don't Lie, and because | was intrigued by the title | bought

===== Screenshot (343) -- Page 138 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

a copy. After perusing the book it was my opinion that he was-either
ignorant of current scientific evidence or he was deliberately ignoring it.

By the time you read this, the meeting already will have taken place,
but I want to take the opportunity to write for two reasons.

One is that some people may have left his meeting convinced that they
needed to buy the product or products he promotes. The second reason
is to alert folks to the existence of the website Quack-watch, which is
devoted to debunking false medical claims.

One of Wallach’s claims is that the average age at death of doctor is
58. | knew that was not true from reading the obituary column in the
Journal of the American Medical Association for a number of years. Not
only that, but | knew from my own medical school class that a significant
number of my medical school classmates are still alive, and we all are over
80 years old.

In a presentation by Wallach | accessed while preparing for this
column, | heard him say that he had done 3,000 autopsies on humans. He
isa veterinary doctor and a naturopath. | know of no hospital or mortuary
in this country that would allow either veterinarians or naturopaths to do
autopsies on humans.

In the same presentation, he quoted from the U.S. Senate Document
264, which would have been entered during the 74th Congress, second
session, in 1936.

Following are portions of that document: The alarming fact is that
food now being raised on millions of acres of land that can no longer
contain enough of certain minerals are now starving us—no matter how
much we eat. No man of today can eat enough fruits and vegetables to
supply his system with the minerals he requires for perfect health because
his stomach isn’t big enough to hold them.

Laboratory tests prove that fruit, vegetables, grains, eggs and even the
milk and meats of today are not what they were a few generations ago—
it is bad news to learn from our leading authorities that 99 percent of the
‘American people are deficient in these minerals.

What Wallach failed to mention—could that have been deliberate?
—was that although this was in the Congressional record that the
information did not come from any governmental research.

It was originally printed in a 1936 issue of Cosmopolitan magazine and
was inserted in the Congressional record by a Florida senator.

It is my understanding that members of Congress are free to have
things they are interested in inserted in the Congressional minutes. It
needs to be emphasized that just because something has been entered
in the Congressional minutes does not mean that it is official, that it
represents governmental approval or that it represents good scientific
studies.

The Quackwatch article on Wallach mentions a number of other
statements he has made, such as that he has cured Alzheimer’s disease
in pigs. Or that 50 percent of Americans 70 years old have Alzheimer’s
disease. (The true figure is much lower in that age group.) Or that facial
wrinkles and gray hair are caused by copper deficiency.

From my knowledge of Wallach, it appears he did not come to Walla
Walla for his health but because he has products to sell.

One of the things he sells is colloidal mineral water. Someone needs to
ask him to provide references from respected scientific journals that show
the benefits of colloidal mineral water.

A number of other companies are peddling these waters. Most of them
come from shale deposits in Utah. One of these companies is reportedly
grossing $3 million per month. This makes it sound like plenty of people

===== Screenshot (344) -- Page 140 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

are buying in to the propaganda these companies publish. There have
been reported adverse effects from using those waters.

Asa final note, a question has been raised about ethics. It seems quite
appropriate to me for someone to ask Wallach how ethical it is for him to
promote products that have not been scientifically been proven.

On Friday March 1, 2013, Wallach responded in the Union-Bulletin to

Casebolt’s quackery accusations with a rebuttal article entitled “Dead Doctors
Don't Lie!” (which is reprinted with permission by the Union-Bulletin):

DEAD DOCTORS DON'T LIE!

Dr. Casebolt’s arrogant attitude (being part of a protected monopoly)
permeates America’s thinking. Dr. Casebolt should look in the mirror and
ask himself—"How many people did | kill during my career?"

On Tuesday February 26, 2013, Fox News Service reported the results
of a Johns Hopkins study published in the Journal of the American Medical
Each year in America, medical doctors


Association that revealed th:
make 190,000 diagnostic mistakes in their private practices resulting in the
deaths or serious injuries of 150,000 patients.”

In his Walla Walla Union-Bulletin article, Dr. Casebolt is fixated on
Wallach’s 1993 Dead Doctors Don't Lie audio cassette which noted that
based on 200 JAMA obituaries American medical doctor's average age was
58 years. However, he fails to note that a follow-up study published in
numerous medical journals in 1999 by medical doctors, noted that “the
average age of medical doctors in America was 56 years.”

Dr. Casebolt, questions that Wallach had done 3,000 autopsies in

humans because “He is a veterinary doctor and a naturopath.” Again Dr.
Casebolt's attitude is that only medical doctors have the right to pursue the
truth. As a graduate student in comparative pathology at the University of
Missouri, while still a veterinary student, Wallach had participated in more
than 200 human autopsies and thousands of animal autopsies. In one study
through The Center for the Biology of Natural Systems (funded by the
National Institutes of Health), Wallach as a postdoctoral fellow, did more
than 20,000 autopsies (17, 500 in more than 454 species of zoo animals
and 3,000 humans under the watchful eye of Dr. Malcom Peterson, the
pathologist for Barnes Hospital, School of Medicine, Washington University
in St. Louis. The results were published in the book (1983: W.B. Saunders)
The Diseases of Exotic Animals (a 1, 200 page reference book that is housed
in the Smithsonian Institute as a "National Treasure”).

In another study Wallach did 1,700 autopsies on human children under
the age of 10 years in Keshan Province China. “Keshan Disease" is a simple
deficiency disease of the trace mineral selenium resulting in death by
hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (sudden heart death). The purpose was to
see if any of these children were also afflicted with cystic fibrosis, a disease
long thought to be genetically transmitted by the medical system. Wallach,
however, had discovered the first non-human case of cystic fibrosis in
primates (1977) at the Yerkes Primate Research Center, Emory University,
Atlanta, Georgia. Wallach was fired summarily after Emory University had
proudly announced the discovery (confirmed by experts in CF pathology)
without being allowed to defend his findings which were confirmed by
pancreas and liver biopsies in same aged cage mates.

Wallach’s crime was that he stated that the evidence showed clearly
that cystic fibrosis was a disease of nutritional deficiency of the trace
mineral selenium in the embryo or suckling infant (Wallach, J.D., Germaise,

===== Screenshot (345) -- Page 143 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

B.: "Cystic Fibrosis: A Perinatal Manifestation of Selenium Deficiency.”
In: Hemphill, D.D. (ed): Trace Substances in Environmental Health Xill.
University of Missouri Press, Columbia.1979. pp. 469-476).

The Wallach Keshan study (1,700 human autopsies) demonstrated
that 35% of those children dying of Keshan Disease (a known selenium
deficiency disease) had pancreatic and liver lesions consistent with cystic
fibrosis (Wallach, JD, Lan, M., Wei Han Yu, Bo-Qi Gu, Feng Teng Yu,
Goddard, RF (1990): Common denominators in the etiology and pathology
of visceral lesions of cystic fibrosis and Keshan disease. Biol Trace El Res.
24:189-205.)

Dr. Casebolt also dissed Wallach’s reference to U. S. Senate Document
264 which was an agricultural report that was entered into the
congressional record of the 74th Congress, second Session, 1936 and did
not represent “that it is official, that it represents government approval or
that it represents good scientific studies.” Medical doctors have little or no
training in nutrition. Wallach is a graduate of the School of Agriculture from
the University of Missouri, Columbia, Missouri (1962) and his major was in
animal husbandry and nutrition.

In April 16, 2012, the journal Food Chemistry, a very well respected
research journal that looks at the nutritional levels and pollution loads in
samples of American food crops, reported that “well known baby foods
and infant formulas may contain less than 20% of the required minerals
and micronutrients (vitamins) required by infants.” In contrast, dog food,
laboratory rat pellets, chicken feed and livestock feed contains 100% of the
animals nutritional requirements.

Wallach received the 2011 Klaus Schwarz Commemorative Medal (an
international award previously only awarded to medical doctors and PhDs,
Wallach is the first veterinarian and first naturopathic physician (ND)

to receive the award), and according to the awards committee for the
Biological Trace Element Research Institute: “From a historical perspective,
Wallach is to be regarded as one of the first practitioners, if not founders,
of epigenetics, the new research discipline that investigates heritable
alterations in gene expression caused by mechanisms other than changes in
DNA sequence.”

Wallach also noted in DDDL that Alzheimer's disease could not be
genetic because research reported in 1992 by the Salk Institute and UCSD
demonstrated that “supplementation with only vitamin E demonstrated
measureable improvement in advanced Alzheimer's patients.” Wallach
followed this research release with the statement, “Therefore, Alzheimer's
disease could not be genetic, for supplementation with a vitamin cannot
change how a true genetically transmitted disease manifests itself.”

Ina ten-year double blind, randomized “Gold Standard” study released
in 2004 by Johns Hopkins School of Medicine, they report that by
“supplementing with vitamin C and E and following a strict diet one can
reduce their risk of Alzheimer's disease by 78 percent.” By contrast, in
a study reported in 2012, by following the current medical approach to
Alzheimer’s disease, the experts predict that the number of cases will triple
to 18.3 million by 2050. In 2012 the FDA also released warnings that the
use of statin cholesterol-lowering drugs increased the risks of Alzheimer’s
disease and type 2 diabetes—hardly a testimony to the theory of genetic
transmission of Alzheimer’s disease.

Dr. Wallach has cured (in one week) a case of dementia/Alzheimer's
disease that was diagnosed by a primary care physician and confirmed by
neurological specialty clinics and the head of the department of neurology
in the Medical School of North Carolina. A patient had been diagnosed with

===== Screenshot (346) -- Page 145 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Alzheimer's disease eight years before his sister called Wallach and asked
for help (he was terminal at that point and being prepared for hospice).

Wallach always treats all four forms of dementia diagnosis
simultaneously as 65% of the time the doctors get the wrong diagnosis—
in this case the pateint was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease; however,
he was afflicted with Korsakoff’s syndrome, a disease of a single vitamin
deficiency (thiamin B,) first diagnosed and solved in the late 1700s by a
Japanese naval surgeon, Because mega doses of thiamine were included
in the treatment, the patient was cured in a week—if he had continued to
treated only with Alzheimer’s drug programs he would have died of “the
complications of Alzheimers"!

Dr. Casebolt proudly touts “The Quackwatch article on Wallach” that
disses Wallach’s statements that wrinkles and gray hair are caused by a
copper deficiency. It is well documented that copper is a required nutrient
and cofactor necessary for the healthy production of red blood cells,
thyroid hormones, skin and hair color, and production and maintenance of
healthy elastic fibers in the skin, blood vessels, and other internal organs.

Many common diseases are caused by a copper deficiency, including
anemia, goiter, loss of skin and hair color (vitiligo), spider veins, varicose
veins, hemorrhoids, aneurysms, wrinkled skin, tendonitis, BSE (mad cow
disease, Cruitsfeld Jakob disease), and others.

“Quackwatch,” aka “Committee against medical fraud" is a private
group originally established by four arrogant medical doctors for the
purposes of preventing chiropractors and naturopathic physicians from
competing with medical doctors. They want you to believe they are a
government agency, but they are just a bunch of guys who as part of
a protected monopoly decided over a glass of wine to harasses their
competition. Two of the original four founders, Victor Herbert, MD and

John Renner, MD are dead. Only Dead Doctors Don't Lie!

Dr. Casebolt further states, “it appears he (Wallach) did not come to
Walla Walla for his health but because he has products to sell.” In fact
Wallach gives three hundred to four hundred free lectures on health each
year, and has been doing two hours of interactive radio on health Monday
through Friday for nineteen years. The programs pay for the caller’s
telephone calls with toll free numbers. Wallach receives no monies from
the sale of any of the nutritional products. His sole purpose is to educate
‘Americans to be able to prevent and eliminate diseases in humans through
nutrition that the medical community believes, falsely, are genetically
transmitted.

Dr. Casebolt states, “Someone needs to ask him to provide the
references from respected scientific journals that show the benefits of
colloidal mineral water.” Wallach has had 75 peer-reviewed and refereed
journal articles published on the deficiencies of these nutrients, has been
the co-author of no less than four multi-author textbooks on trace minerals
and rare earths and another book, Rare Earths: Forbidden Cures, which is the
final word and the ultimate collection of references on colloidal minerals
and the diseases that result from their deficiencies.

Lastly, Dr. Casebolt states that “One of those companies (that sells
colloidal minerals) is reportedly grossing $3 million per month. This makes
it sound like plenty of people are buying in to the propaganda these
companies publish. There have been reported adverse effects from using
those waters.”

Ina September 2012 the highly regarded Institute of Medicine reported
that $750 billion (3/4 trillion dollars) in medical financial waste per year is a
fact and that 30 cents of each medical dollar paid to American doctors each

===== Screenshot (347) -- Page 147 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

year is for fraud and unnecessary treatment—only DEAD DOCTORS DON’T
LIE!

In 2012 Wallach entered into an agreement with Clemson University's
Institute for Nutraceutical Research. Clemson University is one of the
nation's most prominent and respected academic institutions. The Institute
of Nutraceutical Research (INR) is the national leader in nutritional research
and one of its missions is to provide consumers greater confidence in
product quality, safety, and efficacy.

With over 100 scientists working in various fields of medicine, nutrition,
and science, INR is focused on using its vast knowledge base, innovation
and cutting edge technology, and experience to accurately assess the value
of various ingredients and nutraceuticals.

For over 17 years, Youngevity (a Wallach founded company) has
continued a tradition of excellence and innovation with its Nutraceutical
products by committing itself to research and science. Its core message
of “90 For Life,” developed by world-renowned scientist and researcher,
Dr. Joel Wallach, has resonated with and enhanced the lives of millions
through its clinically-supported philosophy of the correlation of specific
nutrients to overall health and wellness.

Working closely with the field's most notable biochemists, medical
professionals, nutritionists, and government organizations such as the
Food and Drug Administration (FDA), Youngevity has pioneered the use of
nutrition and supplementation to aid in the support of health and defense
of the body's most debilitating health concerns.

In study one (LTB4 and PGH2 test-pro-inflammatory response in
human cell lines): Taking healthy human cell lines to stimulate their
differentiation/the Beyond Tangy Tangerine and Ultimate Classic (two
liquid colloidal mineral multi-vitamin/mineral products) to examine two

inflammatory responses, Leukotriene B4 (LTB4) and PGH2; these are
indicators of inflammatory response.

Results: When Beyond Tangy Tangerine and Ultimate Classic were
administered to healthy human cell lines, they did not induce or create
any inflammatory response in levels above and below the recommended
dosage.

In study two (IL-6 AND RAW 264.7 Test - Protection from Inflammation)
IL-6 is an immune system modulator. It signals the body to respond and
protect itself against inflammation. When there is a presence or heightened
presence of IL-6, the body is thought to be in a protective and shielding
response to inflammation. Beyond Tangy Tangerine and Ultimate Classic
were administered and levels of IL-6 production was examined.

Results: Beyond Tangy Tangerine induced and increased the levels of
IL-6 when there was no inflammation in the body, heightening the body's
protective responses to possible inflammation. At various concentrations
above and below the recommended dosage, Beyond Tangy Tangerine
induced a protective response by releasing levels of IL-6 in the body. The
Beyond Tangy Tangerine response was more significant than the Ultimate
Classic response.

USA TODAY WITCH HUNT

The June 19, 2013, USA TODAY hea
yourself from quackery” and the reporter, Liz Szabo quotes Dr. Arthur
Caplan, the head of the division of bioethics at NYU Langone Medical
Center in New York City, “Many people fall victim to charismatic quacks


ie reads “Identify and protect

when they're at their most vulnerable and desperate, because they or a

===== Screenshot (348) -- Page 149 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

loved one are seriously ill.” If a Doctor “really had cured thousands of
people, then they all ought to be at a convention,” Caplan says.
“If someone says that the mainstream is trying to hide this from you,

that should be read as ‘I'm a crook," Caplan says.

Dr. Paul Offit, Chief of Infectious Disease at the Children’s Hospital in
Philadelphia says that, “Little known risks, (are) posed by some forms of
alternative medicine, a loosely regulated industry that includes everything

from herbal supplements to crystal healing and acupuncture.”

Offit should look in the mirror and ask himself how many infections that
cause death and extra days of hospital stay occur each year in his hospital simply
because of the poor technique and failure to wash hands and properly sterilize
instruments by his staff.

In June of 2013 a study by the University of Wisconsin stated that “The
people of Philadelphia County had the best medical facilities available in America;
however, the people of Philadelphia county had the worst health of any county in
America.”

Individuals like Caplan are the reason people seek out “alternative” forms of
healing. Caplan is ignorant and a dangerous protector of the medical monopoly
because he has the credibility of a physician. As recently as ten years ago it
was unethical for medical doctors to advertise. Today medical doctors, clinics,
hospices, and hospitals advertise in newspapers, magazines, radio, TV, and
billboards with the abandon of a used car salesman, Each year, according to a
February 5, 2007 issue of the USA Today newspaper that quoted the Journal of
the American Medical Association and the federal Centers for Disease Control in
Atlanta, Georgia, medical doctors “kill, injure and infect 15 million Americans in
hospitals and clinics.”

According to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Office

of the Inspector General, a 2008 report titled “Adverse Events in Hospitals:
National Incidence Among Medicare Beneficiaries,” by Daniel R. Lenson, Inspector
General, November, 2010 (https://oig.hhs.gov/oei/reports/oei-06-09-00090.pd4)
gives statistics on "adverse events,” meaning harm to a patient as a result of
medical care such as an infection associated with the use of a catheter. The
finding was that 13.5 percent of hospitalized Medicare beneficiaries experienced
adverse events during their hospital stays and an additional 13.5 percent of


Medicare beneficiaries experienced events during their hospital stay that resulted
in temporary harm.

The report said physician reviewers determined that 44 percent of adverse
and temporary harms events were clearly or likely preventable. Therefore medical
doctors were responsible for an estimated 1.5 percent of Medicare beneficiaries
experiencing an event that contributed to their deaths, which projects to 15,000
senior patients each month (180,000 per year), possibly included the deaths of
Andy Rooney from 60 Minutes, Dick Clark from American Bandstand and Neil
Armstrong, America’s top astronaut.

According to the CDC, medical doctors infect 2 million people each year alone
in American hospitals of which 90,000 die; according to the FDA (in 2007) adverse
event reports for nutritional supplements (herbs, vitamins, and minerals) totaled
600 and for the same year adverse events reports for prescription drugs totaled
483,000; according to the March 2012 issue of the monthly AARP Bulletin,
medical mistakes in hospitals kill 6,000 patients each month (72,000 per year)
alone from simple mistakes.

Dr. Wallach was fired from the Yerkes Primate Center in 1978, after
discovering the first non-human case of cystic fibrosis, because he said he could
reproduce the disease at will as it was a simple nutritional-deficiency disease
rather than a genetically transmitted disease as was generally thought. Wallach
was not allowed to defend his findings; rather he was summarily terminated by

===== Screenshot (349) -- Page 151 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Emory University. As a result, hundreds of thousands of American kids with cystic
fibrosis have died unnecessarily.

Jerry Lewis was fired as the national spokesman for the Muscular Dystrophy
Foundation’s annual telethon because he brought Wallach and Ropp’s data on
cured muscular dystrophy kids to the medical committee and insisted on a serious
review of the data. THEY FIRED JERRY LEWIS!!!

In 2013 Todd H., a 24 year old man, joined Dr. Wallach’s nutrition system of 90,
nutrients plus extra selenium. Todd had been diagnosed with muscular dystrophy
when he was three years old. After one year on the nutritional supplement
program, Todd was able to double his physical muscular output as documented
on film on the Defying Muscular Dystrophy web site.

Prior to employing Dr. Wallach's nutritional program, Todd, his mother, and his,
uncle (who also was in a wheel chair as a muscular dystrophy patient) had started
a not-for-profit organization called, Defying Muscular Dystrophy (DMD). The
purpose of the organization was to look at programs that could help muscular
dystrophy patients and disseminate information to help others.

The DMD had already raised $50,000 to do an FDA approved study for an
electrical muscle stimulator that could perhaps improve muscle strength for
muscular dystrophy patients.

Dr. Wallach gives 300 free lectures to the general public each and personally
takes no professional fees of any kind, or revenues from any sales of his
nutritional formulas. (Does Dr. Arthur Caplan work for free?) Wallach’s formulas
are based on billions of dollars-worth of double blind, randomized gold standard
animal and human research.

At 74 years old, Dr. Wallach continues to fight for the American people and
their right to have choices in health care by educating Americans for free that
they do have economical, safe and effective treatment options to dangerous,
expensive, and ineffective medical treatments and by eliminating the protected
medical monopoly the American public will be better off. The age-old tool of
“witch hunts” employed by the medical system to “burn their competition at the
stake" must end!

===== Screenshot (350) -- Page 183 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

CHAPTER FOUR


Physicians

Within a few centuries of (Hippocrates) death, his writings and teachings
became indiscriminately mixed with those of his followers and other Greek

physicians . . .. The thread that bound the Hippocratic Corpus together, was


the conviction that health and disease are strictly natural phenomena—no
gods need apply. As civilizations rose and fell over the next fifteen hundred
years, the kernel of medical knowledge passed from the Greeks to the
Romans, from the Romans to the Muslims and from the Muslims to medieval
Europe.
—Robert Adler
Science journalist

In 4000 8C Sumerian physicians recorded a method for a “urinalysis” on clay
tablets, and in ancient India “physicians” were able to diagnose what we refer
to today as diabetes because the affected individuals urine “tasted sweet and to
which ants were attracted.”

The ancient Egyptian term for doctor or physician is “wabau.” This title, wabau,

has a long history. The earliest known “physician” was Hesy-Ra. He practiced in
Egypt and was the “Chief of Dentists and Physicians" to King Djoser, who reigned
in 2600 BC.

The lady Peseshet (living around 2400 BC) is considered the first recognized
woman doctor. She is thought to have been the mother of Akhethotep, and on
a stela dedicated to her in his tomb she is referred to as imy-r swnwt, which has
been translated as “Lady Overseer of the Lady Physicians” (swnwt is the feminine
of swnw).

There were many specialties, ranks, and limits in the field of Egyptian
medicine. Royalty employed their own swnw, even their own specialists. There
were doctor inspectors, overseers, and chief doctors. Known ancient Egyptian
specialists are ophthalmologist, gastroenterologist, proctologist, dentist,
“doctors who supervise butchers,” and inspectors of liquids (testing fluids for
poisons). The ancient Egyptian term for proctologist, neru phuyt, translates to
“shepherd of the anus.”

The ancient Egyptians used flax-linen fiber and animal fiber (shreds of
tendons) to suture wounds as early as 3000 BC.

The first reported artificial eye was dated back to 2800 BC. The eye was
discovered in a six-foot-tall woman in the “Burnt City” in ancient Iran. The eye


is hemispherical in shape and is made of tar mixed with animal fat. Its surface
is covered with a thin veneer of gold, engraved with a circular iris and gold lines
patterned to mimic the sun's rays. It is thought that the woman was a prophetess
and the eye was designed to glitter and give her special powers. Studies of the eye
socket showed that the artificial eye was worn for the woman's lifetime.
‘Ayurveda is a traditional medicine that is thought to have originated on the
Indian subcontinent about 2000 BC during the Vedic Period of India. Ayurveda


developed over thousands of years; however, the compendiums Charaka Samhita
and Sushruta Samhita, and a later compendium of the physician Bhela, are made

===== Screenshot (351) -- Page 184 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

up of the earliest information related to diagnosis, therapy, diet, and general
health rules. Ayurveda, a Sanskrit word, translates as “the science of life,” and the
system employs herbs, spices, alchemy, oils, massage, yoga, and meditation.

Egyptian medical papyri are ancient Egyptian texts written on papyrus to
transmit a set of accepted medical procedures to all physicians of the time. The
papyri give observations and collections of information deemed valuable and
effective by the author. The papyri give details on specific diseases, diagnostic
signs and tests, and remedies ranging from magical spells, amulets, herbal
medicines, and surgeries.

Medical knowledge in ancient Egypt enjoyed an excellent reputation world-
wide. Rulers of distant empires of Africa, Europe, and Asia would ask the Egyptian
pharaoh to send their finest personal physicians to treat and heal their loved
ones. Egyptians had the most advanced knowledge of human anatomy. In the
mummification process the priests and technicians who preserved the mummies
learned how to insert a long hooked implement through the nostrils to break
through the thin skull bones of the brain case and extract the brain, and through
the left groin they were able to remove the intact organs of the abdominal and
thoracic cavities.

Egyptian physicians were aware of the pulse and the connection of the
beating of the heart and the pulse. The original Egyptian author of the Smith
Papyrus knew of the “cardiovascular system,” but he thought it was unimportant
to distinguish between blood vessels, tendon, ligaments, and nerves. Egyptian
physicians developed their theories of “channels” that transported air, water, and
blood to the body by creating analogies with the River Nile. If the river were to
become blocked, the crops, land, and livestock would all suffer—so if a person
was unhealthy one of the therapies they would use was a laxative to unblock the
“channels.”

In addition to prayers to the gods and kindly spirits, the Egyptian physicians

recommended that one could stay healthy by practicing good personal hygiene.
This included the washing of the body and the shaving of hair, including the hair
of the head, body, and under the arms.

Surgery of some form was a common practice of Egyptian physicians for
: treatable,


repairing physical injury. They recognized three categories of injuri


contestable, and untreatable.

Trauma deemed to be treatable was corrected quickly. Contestable injuries
were those from which the patient could survive without surgery, so those put
in this category were initially observed, and if the patient survived, surgical
attempts could be performed for functional or cosmetic reasons at a later date.
Surgeons of the day used knives, hooks, drills, forceps, pincers, scales, spoon,
saws, and a vase with burning incense to fend off evil spirits.

Circumcision of males was the norm in ancient Egypt, as illustrated by
Herodotus in his Histories. The uncircumcised cultures were frequently noted in
writings, and the uncircumcised Liberians were frequently referenced, and those
soldiers who returned from military campaigns would routinely bring home
uncircumcised phalli as trophies. The only known depiction of the procedure in
The Tomb of the Physician, the burial site of Ankh-Mahor at Saqquarra, shows
adolescents or adults, not infants, undergoing the procedure.

Prosthetics, including artificial toes and eye balls, were commonly constructed
and used; typically they were more for cosmetic reasons than function. In
preparation for burial prosthetic parts were used to replace those lost during life.

The common practices of surgery, mummification, and autopsy for medical
and religious practices brought the Egyptians a vast knowledge of human
anatomy and organ function. The function of most major organs were correctly
surmised and recorded. Blood was correctly described as a transportation
medium for vitality (oxygen and food) and waste (carbon dioxide). The exception

===== Screenshot (352) -- Page 187 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

to these correct observations of organ and tissue function was the heart and
brain, whose functions were switched.

Dentistry was an important field of medicine in Egypt, and as an independent
health profession dates back to 3000 BC. The Egyptian diet was typically high in
abrasives because of the milling process of grains used in bread making. Between
4000 BC and 1000 BC the degree of worn teeth significantly declined because of
improvements in the milling equipment.

All mummified Egyptians have teeth in poor states of anatomical health.
Dental disease could have direct or indirect participation in the individual's cause
of death. Djedmaatesankh was a musician from Thebes who died at the age of
thirty-five from extensive dental disease, including abscessed teeth.

The Instruction of Ankhsheshong contains the maxim “There is no tooth that
rots yet stays in place.” There are no documents that show the procedure for the
surgical extraction of teeth, nor are there any known Egyptian instruments that
would be required to remove teeth. Dentures have been found; however, it is
not clear if they were used during life or if they were used only for after death
cosmetics. Pain would have been reduced by means of opium topically applied or
swallowed as pills.

Ancient Egyptian Medical Texts

Kahun Papyrus, called the Kahun Gynecological Papyrus, is dated back to 1800
BC. It is thought to be the oldest medical text. It was discovered at El-Lahun
by Flinders Petrie in 1889, translated by F. Griffeth in 1893, and published in
The Petrie Papyri: Hieratic Papyri from Kahun and Gurob. The papyrus contains
thirty-five separate paragraphs relating to women's health issues, including
gynecological diseases, fertility, pregnancy, and contraception.

Ramesseum Papyri consists of seventeen individual papyri that were found in
the great temple of the Ramesseum. The text concentrates on diseases and
examination of the eyes, gynecology, paediatrics, muscles and tendons.

The Berlin Papyrus is the largest study of the Egyptian medical papyri and was
carried out by Berlin University and entitled Medizin der alten Agypter (Medicine of
Ancient Egypt).

The Greater Berlin Papyrus, also known as the Brugsch Papyrus (3038 BC) was
discovered by Giuseppe Passalacqua. It consists of 24 pages and is very similar
to the Ebers Papyrus. It was later sold to Friedrich Wilhelm IV of Prussia (1827)
along with other antiquities for the Berlin Museum. The Greater Berlin Papyrus
was translated into German in 1909.

The Edwin Smith Surgical Papyrus is the oldest known surgical document (1600
BC). It is named for the Egyptian archeologist who purchased it in the 1860s. It is
written in the ancient Egyptian hieratic script and it contains procedures written
from more than1000 years earlier. It is the only surviving copy of part of an
ancient Egyptian textbook on trauma surgery. The document consists of twenty
two pages (17 pages on the recto and 5 pages on the verso). Forty-eight trauma
cases are examined, each with a detailed description of the physical examination,
diagnosis, treatment, and prognosis. An extremely important feature of the text
is that it demonstrates that the heart, large blood vessels attached to the heart
and liver, liver, spleen, kidneys, ureters, and bladder were all familiar anatomy to
the Egyptians.

Imhotep, thought to be the first physician named, is credited with the
authorship and content of the papyrus. However, the papyrus is thought to be the
result of the combined efforts of many people.

===== Screenshot (353) -- Page 159 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

The Ebers Papyrus was also purchased by Edwin Smith in 1862. It gets its name
from Georg Ebers who purchased the papyrus in 1872. The text itself dates back
to 1550 BC and consists of 700 remedies (most of which are plants) on 110 pages
and stretches 20 meters in length, making it the longest of the Egyptian medical
papyri. The Ebers Papyrus covers many subjects including migraine headaches,
dermatology, gastrointestinal and digestive diseases, mental disorders, dementia,
depression, parasites, tumors, trauma, dentistry, and gynecological diseases


—and it makes many references to treating some diseases with reli
incantations and spells.

Specific remedies from the Ebers Papyrus include:

Aloe vera - burns, gastric ulcers, skin disorders and allergies

Basil - heart remedy

Balsam Apple (Apple of Jerusalem) - laxative and liver stimulant

Bayberry ~ diarrhea, ulcers and hemorrhoids

Caraway - soothed digestion and breath freshener

Colchicum (Citrullus colocynthus) - also known as meadow saffron, was
used for rheumatism and reducing swelling and inflammation

Dill - employed for its laxative and diuretic properties

Fenugreek ~ prescribed for respiratory disorders, to cleanse the stomach
and calm the liver and pancreas

Frankincense - prescribed for sore throat, larynx infections, to stop
vomiting, and stop bleeding
Garlic - was prescribed for the Hebrew slaves as a tonic

Licorice - used as a mild laxative, expectorant, and to relieve chest and
respiratory problems

Onion - taken as a prevention for colds and cardiovascular ailments

Parsley — prescribed as a diuretic

Thyme - prescribed as a pain reliever

Turmeric - prescribed for open wounds

Poppy - prescribed for pain, anesthesia and insomnia

Coriander ~ prescribed for urinary complaints and cystitis

Pomegranate root and skin of the fruit - prescribed for “snakes of the belly”
or tape worms; the alkaloids in the pomegranate paralyzed the worms and
they could then be expelled.

Persian henna - prescribed for hair loss

The Hearst Papyrus was sold to the Hearst Egyptian Expedition in 1901. It is
dated at 2000 BC. The Hearst Papyrus was published for the general public in
1905; however, controversy still surrounds the authenticity of this papyri. The text
concentrates on treatments for urinary system diseases, blood diseases, hair and
scalp issues, and bites of insects and vermin.

The London Medical Papyrus is located in the British Museum and dates back to
the reign of Tutankhamun. Its text focuses on the treatment of diseases by means
of magic spells and incantations.

The Carlsberg Papyrus is the property of the Carlsberg Foundation. Its text
focuses on the diseases of the eyes and pregnancy.

The Chester Beatty Medical Papyrus is named after Sir Alfred Chester Beatty
who donated nineteen separate papyri to the British Museum. The remedies
noted in these texts are devoted to magic as a therapy for headaches and
analrectal afflictions.

===== Screenshot (354) -- Page 161 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

The Brooklyn Papyrus focuses specifically on snake, scorpion, and tarantula bites
and how to treat the venoms. The Brooklyn Papyrus is housed in the Brooklyn
Museum.

Bloodletting (the practice of extracting blood from a patient to cure or prevent
a disease) has been one of the most common medical practices for more than
2,000 years. A drawing from an ancient Egyptian tomb (1500 BC) shows an
example of leeches being applied to a patient for the purpose of bloodletting.

The ancient practice of bloodletting enjoyed a widespread geographical
popularity including places like ancient Mesopotamia, the Egyptians, Greeks,
Mayans and Aztecs, and India (during ancient Ayurvedic medicine).

The practice of bloodletting became even more popular after the time of the
Greek philosopher and physician Galen, who taught Hippocrates that diseases
occurred because of an imbalance of four humors (body fluids) of blood, black
bile, yellow bile, and phlegm. Galen made complex prescriptions relating to how
much blood should be withdrawn related to the patient's age and symptoms, the
weather, and so forth.

In the Middle Ages and the Renaissance, the barber surgeons performed
bloodletting with “great enthusiasm,” and physicians bled patients at every
opportunity. An exceptionally large volume of blood was withdrawn from
President George Washington by his physician as the treatment for a sore throat,
thus accelerating the onset of his death. The practice of bloodletting was still
widely used into the twentieth century and was recommended by the highly-
regarded Canadian physician William Osler in the 1923 edition of his medical
textbook.

Medical scholars trace the origins of Western medicine to what was considered
a “radical movement” in ancient Greek society, when Hippocrates and his
followers first separated the art of doctoring from the practices of witches,

magicians, and priests. A century before, the “Father of Surgery" emerged from
the East.

The Indian physician Sushruta (600 BC) describes cataract surgery in his book
Sushruta Samhita (Treatise of Sushruta) in which he uses a curved needle to push
the diseased lens back into the eye and to the side to move it out of the line of
focus. The eye could no longer focus the image from all directions; nevertheless
the operation was life changing and provided for the return of some vision.

Hippocrates, born on the Greek island of Kos in 460 BC, may or may not have
personally written the early Greek texts of the Hippocratic Corpus. However, it is.
clear from these manuscripts that some physicians of the period were beginning
to insist that disease be attributed to natural or material causes, such as to the
patient's environment, diet, or daily habits rather than divine intervention.

One text, On the Sacred Disease, specifically excludes mystical influences in
epilepsy, which the Greeks had looked at as a strange affliction that reflected
some divine curse or power, instead of understanding the seizures simply as a
disease of the brain.

For the first time, the Hippocratic physicians attributed thoughts and feelings
to the brain. They urged careful and close observations of individual patients, as
well as low risk conservative and gentle therapies that were designed to augment
the body's own healing and restorative powers. Works of surgery do appear in the
large Hippocratic corpus, amassed between 400 and 100 BC, and thus many of
the Coan School were not bound to this code. Hippocrates himself could not have
been the sole author of the oath.

The Hippocratic movement also demanded a high level of professionalism of
doctors, a code that was to become a center piece of the legendary Hippocratic
Oath (430 BC). According to Hippocratic Codes, doctors were to seek to support
and never to harm their patients; doctors should be honest and well kept, protect

===== Screenshot (355) -- Page 163 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

the privacy of the houses that they enter, and avoid any type of corruption—

including sexual relations with patients.
Below is an English translation the original Hippocratic Oath and covenant:

| swear by Apollo Physician and Asclepius and Hygieia and Panaceia and
all the gods and goddesses, making them my witnesses, that | will fulfill
according to my ability and judgment this oath and this covenant:

To hold him who has taught me this art as equal to my parents and to
live my life in partnership with him, and if he is in need of money to give
him a share of mine, and to regard his offspring as equal to my brothers in
male lineage and to teach them this art—if they desire to learn it—without
fee and covenant; to give a share of precepts and oral instruction and all
the other learning to my sons and the sons of him who has instructed
me and to pupils who have signed the covenant and have taken an oath
according to the medical law, but to no one else.

\ will apply dietetic measures for the benefit of the sick according to my
ability and judgment; | will keep them from harm and injustice.

Iwill neither give a deadly drug to anybody if asked for it, nor will | make
a suggestion to this effect. Similarly | will not give to a woman an abortive
remedy. In purity and holiness | will guard my life and my art.

| will not use the knife, not even on sufferers from stone, but I will
withdraw in favor of such men (barbers) as are engaged in this work.

Whatever houses | may visit, | will come for benefit of the sick,
remaining free of all intentional injustice, of all mischief and in particular of
sexual relations with both female and male persons, be they free or slaves.

What | may see or hear in the course of the treatment or even outside
of the treatment in regards to the life of men, which on no account one
must spread abroad, | will keep to myself holding such things shameful to

be spoken about.

If fulfill this oath and do not violate it, may it be granted to me to enjoy
life and art, being honored with fame among all men for all time to come,
if | transgress it and swear falsely, may the opposite of all this be my lot.


The early Greek physicians were more likely to be craftsmen and traveling
“healers” than priests and the organized Hippocratic medical theories increased
the likelihood of a successful outcome of their therapies. The Hippocratic
approach was really good nursing care rather than priestly prayers to a celestial
god begging for favor in return for a sacrifice.

In On Decorum, Hippocrates writes:

Between wisdom and medicine there is no gulf fixed; in fact medicine
possesses all the qualities that make for wisdom. It has disinteredness,
shamefastedness, modesty, reserve, sound opinion, judgment, quiet,
pugnacity, purity, sententious speech, and knowledge of the things good
and necessary for life, selling of that which cleanses, freedom from
superstition, pre-excellence divine. What they (the patient) have, they have
in opposition to intemperance, vulgarity, greed, concupiscence, robbery,
shamelessness. This is knowledge of one's income, use of what conducts to
friendship, the way and manner to be adopted towards one’s children and
money. Now with medicine a kind of wisdom is an associate, seeing that the
physician has both these things and indeed most things .

In fact it is especially knowledge of the gods that by medicine is woven
into the stuff of the mind. For in affections generally, and especially in
accidents, medicine is found mostly to be held in honour by the gods.
Physicians have given place to the gods. For in medicine that which is
powerful is not in excess. In fact, though physicians take many things in
hand, many diseases are also overcome for them spontaneously. All that

===== Screenshot (356) -- Page 165 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

medicine has now mastered it will supply thence. The gods are the real
physicians, though people do not think so. But the truth of this statement
is shown by the phenomena of disease, which are co-extensive with the
whole of medicine, changing in form or in quality, sometimes being cured
by surgery, sometimes being relieved, either through treatment or through
regimen. The information | have given on these matters must serve as a
summary.

. .. As all I have said is true, the physician must have at his command
a certain ready wit, as dourness is repulsive both to the healthy and to
the sick. He must also keep a most careful watch over himself, and neither
expose much of his person nor gossip to laymen, but say only what is
absolutely necessary. For he realizes that gossip may cause criticism of his
treatment. He will do none at all of these things in a way that savours of
fuss or of show. Let all these things be thought out, so that they may be
ready beforehand for use as required. Otherwise there must always be lack
when need arises.

. - You must have prepared in advance emollients classified according
to their various uses, and get ready powerful draughts prepared according
to formula after their various kinds. You must make ready beforehand
purgative medicines, also, taken from suitable localities, prepared in the
proper manner, after their various kinds and sizes, some preserved so as to
last a long time, others fresh to be used at the time, and similarly with the
rest.

... When you enter a sick man's room, having made these arrangements,
that you may not be at a loss, and having everything in order for what is to
be done, know what you must do before going in. For many cases need, not
reasoning, but practical help. So you must from your experience forecast
what the issue will be. To do so adds to one’s reputation, and the learning

thereof is easy.

. On entering bear in mind your manner of sitting, reserve,
arrangement of dress, decisive utterance, brevity of speech, composure,
bedside manners, care, replies to objections, calm self-control to meet the
troubles that occur, rebuke of disturbance, readiness to do what has to be
done. In addition to these things be careful of your first preparation. Failing
this, make no further mistake in the matters wherefrom instructions are
given for readiness.

. .. Make frequent visits; be especially careful in your examination,
counteracting the things wherein you have been deceived at the changes.
Thus you will know the case more easily, and at the same time you will
also be more at your ease. For instability is characteristic of the humours,
and so they may also be easily altered by nature and by chance. For
failure to observe the proper season or help gives the disease a start
and kills the patient, as there was nothing to relieve him. For when
many things together produce a result there is difficulty. Sequences of
single phenomena are more manageable, and are more easily learnt by
experience.

... Keep a watch also on the faults of the patients, which often makes
them lie about the taking of things prescribed. For through not taking
disagreeable drinks, purgative or other, they sometimes die. What they
have done never results in a confession, but the blame is thrown upon the
physician,

.«. The bed also must be considered. The season and the kind of illness
will make a difference, Some patients are put into breezy spots, others into
covered places or underground. Consider also noises and smells, especially
the smell of wine. This is distinctly bad, and you must shun it or change it.

===== Screenshot (357) -- Page 167 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Perform all this calmly and adroitly, concealing most things from
the patient while you are attending to him. Give necessary orders with
cheerfulness and serenity, turning his attention away from what is being
done to him; sometimes reprove sharply and emphatically, and sometimes
comfort with solicitude and attention, revealing nothing of the patient's
future or present condition. For many patients through this cause have
taken a turn for the worse, | mean by the declaration | have mentioned of
what is present, or by a forecast of what is to come.

. .. Let one of your pupils be left in charge, to carry out instructions
without unpleasantness, and to administer the treatment. Choose out
those who have been already admitted into the mysteries of the art, so as
to add anything necessary, and to give treatment with safety. He is there
also to prevent those things escaping notice that happen in the intervals
between visits. Never put a layman in charge of anything, otherwise if a
mischance occur the blame will fall on you. Let there never be any doubt
about the points which will secure the success of your plan, and no blame
will attach to you, but achievement will bring you pride. So say beforehand
all this at the time the things are done, to those whose business it is to have
fuller knowledge.

. . Such being the things that make for good reputation and decorum,
in wisdom, in medicine, and in the arts generally, the physician must mark
off the parts about which | have spoken, wrap himself round always with
the other, watch it and keep it, perform it and pass it on. For things that
are glorious are closely guarded among all men. And those who have made
their way through them are held in honour by parents and children; and if
any of them do not know many things, they are brought to understanding
by the facts of actual experience.

The Huangdi Neijing, the “Yellow Emperor's Inner Cannon,” is the oldest and
most revered medical classic in China and is thought to have been assembled
by a collection of authors between 300-200 BC. The collection is comprised of
two primary works, the Su Wen (Basic Questions) and Ling shu (Spiritual Pivot),
that each contains 81 chapters. According to Chinese scholar Paul Unschuld, the
Huangdi Nejjing “plays a role in Chinese medical history comparable to that of the
Hippocratic writings in Europe. Progress and significant paradigm changes have
reduced Hippocrates to the honored originator of a tradition that has become
obsolete. In contrast, many practitioners of Chinese medicine still consider the
Su Wen a valuable source of theoretical inspiration and practical knowledge in
modern clinical settings.”

The text is composed of questions put forth by the legendary Yellow Emperor
and which are answered. The first text, the Su Wen, poses medical theories
and diagnostic procedures; the second text, the Ling Shu, is a collection of
acupuncture therapies.

Older Chinese medical texts highlighted the demonic genesis of disease, the
Nejjing, deals with natural causes of disease including diet, age, lifestyle, and
emotions. Additionally, the text proposed other forces and concepts of disease,


including yin and yang and qi (life energy or energy flow). The Neijing additionally
deals with normal and abnormal functioning of the human body plus diagnostic
approaches and original therapies.

According to the Neijing, humans are made up of five “viscera” that are the
heart, spleen, lungs, liver, and kidneys and six “bowels” that are the gall bladder,
stomach, small intestine, large intestine, urinary bladder, and Triple Burner (the
three zones of the chest and abdomen). The organs communicate through
meridians or channels that are not physical structures, but rather energetic
communications that can be influenced by the insertion of acupuncture needles
that can support or depress energy flow.

===== Screenshot (358) -- Page 169 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

For thousands of years, the history of pharmacy (the art of compounding
and dispensing drugs) paralleled the history of pharmacognosy: the science of
compounding drugs from herbs and flowers. In the first century AD, Pedanius
Dioscorides, an army surgeon, accumulated and organized all of the known
medical uses of plants, herbs, flowers, and elements into a manual that was to be
translated and read for more than 1,500 years. Arabs were the first to copy and
preserve this remarkable collection of data, which became the basis for Islamic
pharmacology, that was again retranslated into Latin.

In modern times a hospital is thought of as an institution—a building full
of doctors, nurses, operating rooms, emergency rooms, and a place to have
one’s babies—that is capitalized by public funds, corporations, universities, and
charities. In the early days of the hospital concept, the system was funded by
religious orders and charitable nobility. In ancient Egypt and Greece temples
served as centers for the sanctioned healing arts.

King Pandukabhaya of Sri Lanka (400 BC) ordered the construction and
operation of “lying-in homes” and hospitals. King Ashoka of India (250 BC)
funded numerous hospitals that were permanently staffed with physicians and
nurses. During the sixth and seventh centuries the Academy of Gundishapur in
the Persian Empire became one of the first teaching hospitals hosting numerous
students that were mentored and supervised by physicians.

In 325 AD the First Council of Nicaea caused the Church to provide care for the
poor and travelers by constructing hospitals in every cathedral town. The purpose
of the early hospitals was to administer to the sick and suffering and to save souls.

The Vienna General Hospital (VGH) opened its doors in1784 and became the
world's largest hospital with more than 2,000 beds. The VGH provided services in
the areas of general medicine, surgery, venereal disease, and contagious diseases.
Italso bragged of a lying-in facility for delivery babies, a tower for the insane, and
an orphanage.

Johann Frank, a German physician, was an important leader in the early
development of hospitals by encouraging them to keep records. His Complete
System of Medical Policy, published in 1779, dealt with hygiene and public health
issues.

Dioscorides, a Greek physician, was born in Turkey and practiced in Rome
during the reign of Nero. He traveled constantly, collecting and describing as
many as 600 different plants in a five volume work entitled De Materia Medica
(Regarding Medical Matters), 70 AD, in which he included accurate botanical
drawings. His instructions were practical and contained dosages and recipes for
compounding the final medicinal products and instructions for the patients.

Dioscorides described the preparation and uses of opium and cannabis
(marijuana) for pain and peppermint and wild blackberries for improving
digestion. His treatments included concoctions for ulcers, nematodes, and
antidotes for specific poisons and hundreds of other remedies.

John Mann, a chemist, noted, “The major triumph and novelty of Dioscorides’
herbal (book) was his ordering of plants according to their pharmacological
properties, rather than their botanical family. Many of his plant extracts were
undoubtedly effective; for example, those of henbane and mandrake containing
tropane alkaloids (naturally occurring nitrogen-containing organic molecules),
which were used for pain relief, but his use of hemlock is less convincing: “it
prevents the breasts of a virgin growing larger.”

Anatomist Andreas Vesalius's study of anatomy began with his goal to recover
the ancient wisdom of Hippocrates and Galen from the medieval vulgarizations.
Vesalius, an ethnic Greek was born in AD 129, and in similar fashion as his
predecessor Leonardo da Vinci, who had performed dissections “in the service
of science and art,” Vesalius used every opportunity as a professor in Padua and
later in Bologna to dissect cadavers, often stolen from graveyards or the gallows.

===== Screenshot (359) -- Page 171 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Vesalius was only 30 years old when he published his first book, On the Fabric
of the Human Body, a text that contained seven volumes and was based on his
anatomy lectures in Padua. The text was richly illustrated with engravings from
the workshop of the Italian painter Titian. Vesalius's book is considered to be an
“exemplar of Renaissance flowering in scientific learning, artistic technique and
printing acumen.” It contains detailed and accurate relationships of the skeleton,
musculature, cardiovascular system, and urinary and reproductive tracts with
labels in Latin, Greek, and Hebrew. The book is considered an artistic work as
well as an anatomical landmark. Drawings depict cadavers or skeletons posed in
pastoral landscapes or village scenes. One classic drawing, features a skeleton
with its face turned up toward the heavens, leaning on a shovel and gesturing
towards a freshly dug grave.

Galen of Pergamon was born in the second century (130-210 AD), and other
than Hippocrates, no other Greek physician has influenced the direction of
Western medicine more than he. During the peak of the Roman Empire, Galen's
medical knowledge, anatomical descriptions, and the shear volume of writings
dominated his followers for more than 1,000 years: “he synthesized medical
works of the Hippocratics, Aristotelian biology, and Platonic philosophy, creating
a system of medical theory and practice that dominated Western and Islamic
medicine until the 19th century."

According to his written records, Galen employed as many as 20 scribes at
a time to keep up with his dictations, and his animal dissections increased the
understanding of organ systems:

Upon the occasion of my first visit to Rome | (Galen) completely won the
admiration of the philosopher Glaucon by the diagnosis which | made in
the case of one of his friends. Meeting me one day in the street he shook
hands with me and said: ‘I have just come from the house of a sick man,

and | wish that you would visit him with me. He is a Sicilian physician,
the same person with whom | was walking when you met me the other
day.’ Galen asked, ‘What is the matter with him?’ When coming nearer to
me he said, in the frankest manner possible: Gorgias and Apelas told me
yesterday that you had made some diagnoses and prognoses which looked
to them more like acts of divination than products of the medical art pure
and simple. | would therefore like very much to see some proof, not of your
knowledge but this extraordinary art which you are said to possess.’ At this
very moment we reached the entrance of the patient's house, and so, to my
regret, | was prevented from having any further conversation with him on
the subject and from explaining to him how the element of good luck often
renders it possible for a physician to give, as it were offhand, diagnoses and
prognoses of this exceptional character.

Just as we were approaching the first door, after entering the house,
we met a servant who had in his hand a basin which he had brought from
the sick room and which he was on his way to empty upon the dung heap.
‘As we passed him | appeared not to pay any attention to the contents
of the basin, but at a mere glance | perceived that they consisted of a
thin sanio-sanguinolent fluid, in which floated excrementitious masses that
resembled shreds of flesh—an unmistakable evidence of disease of the
liver. Glaucon and |, not a word having been spoken by either of us, passed
on into the patient's room. When | put out my hand to feel the latter's
pulse, he called my attention to the fact that he had just had a stool, and
that owing to the circumstance of his having gotten out of bed, his pulse
might be accelerated. It was in fact somewhat more rapid that it should be,
but | attributed this to the existence of an inflammation. Then, observing
upon the window sill a vessel containing a mixture of hyssop and honey and
water, | made up my mind that the patient, who was himself a physician,

===== Screenshot (360) -- Page 173 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

believed that the malady from which he was suffering was a pleurisy; the
pain which he experienced on the right side in the region of the false ribs
{and which is also associated with inflammation of the liver) confirming
him in this belief, and thus inducing him to order for the relief of the slight
accompanying cough the mixture to which | have called attention.

It was then that the idea came into my mind that, as fortune had
thrown the opportunity in my way, I would avail myself of it to enhance
my reputation in Glaucon's estimation. Accordingly, placing my hand on the
patient's right side over the false rib, | remarked: ‘This is the spot where the
disease is located.’ He, supposing that | must have gained this knowledge
by simply feeling his pulse, replied with a look which plainly expressed
admiration mingled with astonishment, that | was entirely right. “And,” |
added simply to increase his astonishment, “you will doubtless admit that
at long intervals you feel impelled to indulge in a shallow, dry cough,
unaccompanied by an expectoration.” As luck would have it, he coughed in
just this manner almost before | had got the words out of my mouth. At
this Glaucon, who had hitherto, not spoken a word, broke out into a volley
of praises.

‘Do not imagine,’ | replied, ‘that which you have observed represents
the utmost of which medical art is capable in the matter of fathoming the
mysteries of disease in a living person. There still remain one or two other
symptoms to which | will direct your attention.’ Turning to the patient |
remarked: ‘When you draw a longer breath you feel a more marked pain,
do you not, in the region which | indicated; and with this pain there
is associated sense of weight in the hypochondrium?’ At these words
the patient expressed his astonishment and admiration in the strongest
possible terms. | wanted to go a step farther and announce to my audience
still another symptom which is sometimes observed in the more serious

maladies of the liver (scirrhus, for example), but | was afraid that | might
compromise the laudation which had been bestowed upon me. It then
occurred to me that | might safely make the announcement if | put it
somewhat in the form of a prognosis. So | remarked to the patient: ‘You will
probably soon experience, if you have not already done so, a sensation of
something pulling upon the right clavicle.’ He admitted that he had already
noticed this symptom. ‘Then | will give just one more evidence of this power
of divination which you believe that | possess. You, yourself, before | arrived
on the scene, had made up your mind that your ailment was an attack of
pleurisy, etc.’

Glaucon's confidence in me and in the medical art, after this episode,
was unbounded.

Galen was born in what became the western coast of Turkey. He traveled
widely prior to taking up residence in Rome. Human dissection was illegal at
that time, so his anatomical research was based on pigs, dogs, and Barbary apes
(monkeys). He used live dissections (vivisection) to prove the brain could control
muscle group movement by cutting nerves. Loss of the ability to vocalize could be
accomplished by cutting the laryngeal nerve. To prove that the kidneys produced
urine he tied off the ureters and noted that the kidneys would swell with the
accumulation of urine that could not be passed into the bladder; and as physician
to the gladiators, he could look into the catastrophic wounds of battle to
observe human anatomy. He eventually became physician to the Emperor Marcus
Aurelius.

Galen envisioned himself as a gifted diagnostician and “heir to the best of
the Hippocratic tradition (then over 500 years old).” However, not all of Galen's
medical philosophy, treatments, and anatomical findings were one hundred
percent correct: after pondering Hippocrates's views that disease was the result

===== Screenshot (361) -- Page 175 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

of “an imbalance of the four humors (liquids) of blood, black bile, yellow bile,
and phlegm" he postulated that an imbalance of each separate humor could
be related to a human temperament. In other words, he postulated that an
abundance of black bile could be related to a melancholic personality.

Galen additionally incorrectly thought that “venous blood was created and
pumped by the liver” and that “the arterial blood originated in the heart,” and
he believed that “blood passed from the left and right side of the heart through
invisible pores.”

The pursuit of philosophy was an essential part of the training of physicians.
After the Roman Empire fell, Galen's influence not only continued; his writings
and theories spread through the Arab world and then later into the European
Middle Ages and on into the twentieth century.

One of the most notable physicians in medieval medicine and of the Islamic
world was Abu Bakr Muhammad ibn Zakariya al-Rhazes (865-925 AD), who was
born in Persia (Iran) and is known to the West as “Rhazes.” He wrote 200
books during his active professional life covering such topics and specialties as
philosophy, alchemy, and medicine.

The first of Rhazes's books was a work on pediatrics and is lionized for
extensive descriptions and observations that separated smallpox and measles as
separate diseases. He was the first to correlate wounds and lesions of the brain,
spinal cord, and peripheral nervous system to clinical symptoms.

As well as scholarly books, Rhazes wrote books for the average person who
wanted to participate in self-help. In his view on medical ethics he stated that
“The doctor's aim is to do good, even to our enemies . . . My profession forbids
us to do harm to our kindred, as it is instituted for the benefit and welfare of the
human race.”

Rhazes was well known for contradicting earlier physicians of fame,
including Galen, when he determined that they were incorrect in their theories

and pontifications. He also laid severe criticism on religious prophets and
religions, including Islam. According to legend, Rhazes rejected a physician who
volunteered to remove his cataracts, exclaiming, “I have seen enough of the
world.” He died blind and generally unhappy.

One of Rhazes pivotal works is Kitab al-hawi fi al-tibb (Comprehensive Book
of Medicine, 900 AD), a complete collection of the practice of medicine and
observations that his students compiled following his death. This book inspired
generations of physicians of the Istamic world, including the revered Avicenna,
author of the five volume Cannon of Medicine.

The barber pole, denoted by its red, white, and blue helical stripes, has been
employed for centuries as a symbol and marker of the barber's trade. This
tradition dates back to a time during which a barber, in addition to trimming
hair, extracted teeth and performed various surgical procedures, including
bloodletting, the practice of draining the patient's blood to encourage healing.

The theory is that the classic barber pole originated from the practice of
hanging damp bloody bandages, typically partially cleaned, outside the barber
shop ona pole, and as they blew in the wind around the pole, they resulted in the
helical pattern that became an advertisement for the barber.

In 1096 French barber-surgeons formed an official brotherhood. In 1210, in
an effort to separate academic surgeons from barber-surgeons, the College de
Saint Come et Saint Damien of Paris required that the academic surgeons wear
long robes and barber-surgeons to wear short robes. The legendary French
surgeon, Ambrose Pare began his career as a barber-surgeon and through
study and apprenticeship became the most celebrated surgeon of the European
Renaissance.

In 1540 the barber-surgeons and academic surgeons in England combined
forces to create a single guild: the United Barber-Surgeons Company. However,
the two divisions of surgeons were limited in their practices. The barber's division

===== Screenshot (362) -- Page 177 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

was required to display the blue and white pole, and the barbers were forbidden
to provide advanced surgical procedures, although they were still allowed to
extract teeth and perform bloodletting. The academic surgeons were required to
display poles featuring red and white stripes and could perform advanced surgical
procedures, but they were forbidden to cut hair and shave clients.

Paracelsus was one of the most controversial medical figures of the 16th
century. He was the consummate outsider, who was hated by the “orthodox”
physicians of his time. He has been elevated to “the first modern medical
scientist” and is also revered by many generations of occultists because of his
interest in and writings about mysticism.

Paracelsus was born in Einsiedein, Switzerland, in 1493. His full name was
Phillipus Aureolus Theophrastus Bombastus von Hohenheim. There has been an
enormous volume of literature written about him. There are two differing views
of Paracelsus: the first, is that of medical scholars, the second is that of occultists.

Paracelsus’ father, Wilhelm Bombast von Hohenheim, studied medicine in
Tubingen, Germany, and moved to Einsiedein where he practiced medicine and
then to Villach in Carinthia, Austria, and it was here that Paracelsus grew up.

It is believed that Paracelsus earned his medical doctorate in 1515 at the
medical school located at Ferrara in northern Italy. He then practiced medicine
until his death at age forty-eight. Over a ten-year period, Paracelsus traveled,
studied, and practiced medicine in Rome, Naples, Sicily, southern Spain, Portugal,
Paris, and London. He then traveled to Stockholm, Moscow, and Greece.

Paracelsus arrived in Salzburg in1524, moved to Strasburg, and took up a
Position as the town physician and Professor of Medicine in Basel in 1526. Upon
his arrival in Basel, he was called to the house of a very well-known scholar
and printer, Johannes Frobenius, whose right leg was gangrenous. The local
physicians could only recommend amputation as the correct course of treatment.
However, Paracelsus was able to save the man's leg.

When he arrived at Basel, his reputation for great medical ability, unorthodox
views, and a short temper preceded him. Instantly he was met with serious
opposition from both the local apothecaries, whose medical knowledge and skills
were quite backward, and from the local medical practitioners, whose views were
considered to be very conservative compared to Paracelsus, whose practices were
considered at the very least unorthodox!

To fight back, Paracelsus handed out a printed brochure that announced that
he was going to give free two hour lectures daily on his own medical experiences
and “not on the methods of out of date authorities.”

Paracelsus announced a second innovation: He was going to give regularly
scheduled lectures on surgery, and they were going to be in German rather than
in the traditional Latin. Paracelsus’ innovative approach to training and marketing
to his patients was highly successful and it specifically upset the barber-surgeons,
who historically were the ones doing surgery.

The barber-surgeons and the entire population of the town’s physicians united
against Paracelsus. They didn't like his approach to medicine and they didn’t like
him. For his part, Paracelsus regularly let them know that he held only contempt
and disgust for their approach to medicine and surgery.

After only eleven months in Basel, Paracelsus left rather abruptly (did the
town's doctors and barber-surgeons threaten to charge him with witchcraft and
sorcery?) and moved to Alsace. At this time, Paracelsus became an itinerant
physician. Throughout the following thirteen years until his death in 1541, he
moved to and practiced medicine in sixty-two different towns in Germany and
Austria,

Paracelsus wrote papers and articles almost obsessively, and of the twenty-
four of his publications printed between 1529 and 1541, at least sixteen were
“astrological prognostications.” He was not interested in being an astrological

===== Screenshot (363) -- Page 180 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

prophet as much as he was interested in astrological medicine and how the
weather affected human health.

In a well-known piece from his Pargranum, composed well after he departed
Basel, Paracelsus rails against those physicians he had contempt for and he
considered to be archaic: “Avicenna, Galen, Rhasis, Montagnana, and all the rest
of you, after me and not | after you! Even in the most distant corner there will not
be one of you on whom the dogs will not piss. But I will be the king and mine will
be the kingdom ..”

Jolande Jacobe, noted in her 1951 writings on Paracelsus titled Paracelsus:

Selected Writings: “Paracelsus regarded medicine as an art and is considered today


to be the first modern medical scientist, and as the precursor of microchemistry,
antisepsis, modern wound surgery, homeopathy, and many additional ultra-
modern achievements.”

Paracelsus was thought by his followers, to be above all, a physician and
he based his idea of medicine on four tenets: (1) a philosophical approach; (2)
astronomy (medical astrology); (3) alchemy (as a servant of the art of medicine
rather than the pursuit of transmutation of base metals into gold; (4) personal
moral purity of the physician himself.

Paracelsus believed fully that Nature heals and that the physician can
only assist Nature. During his lifetime Paracelsus was considered the “pox of
physicians.” He was publically hated and in many cases simply ignored by his
contemporaries. He died in poverty at the age of forty-eight in Salzburg on
September 24, 1541. Yet he lives on in his many books and publications. Some
originals were still being published in 1618.

The Jewish physician Faraj ben Salim translated Katib al-hawi into Latin in
1279, and after it was printed in 1486 under the title Liber Continens, its influence
spread. Katib al-hawi is remarkable, not only because of its size, but also for
its comprehensive discussions of the practices of Greek, Arabian, and Indian

physicians, whose works would otherwise have been lost to the world.

Also influential to Western medicine in Medieval Europe was al-Rhazes’
medical textbook entitled Al-tibbs al-Mansuri (Medicine Dedicated to Mansur).

Ibn Sina, frequently referred to by his Latinized name, Avicenna, was a Persian
philosopher-physician who in 1025 penned perhaps the most famous medical
book of Medieval Islamic societies, Al-Qanum fi al-tibb (The Canon of Medicine),
which was the basis for medical philosophy and teaching for the next 700 years.
The second book of this five-volume series presents more than 760 drugs that Ibn
Sina judged to be useful, with standards for determining efficacy that laid out the
basic tenets of experimental medicine:

+ Each drug, unadulterated and unspoiled, should be tested in patients
with a single condition.

+ The investigator should begin with the smallest dose.

+ Efficacious drugs should have a consistent effect.

Ibn Sina believed in investigating the roots of illness. In The Canon of Medicine
he wrote, “The knowledge of anything since all things have causes, is not acquired
or complete unless it is known by its causes. Therefore in medicine we ought to
know the causes of sickness and health.”

Historian Lawrence Conrad writes that the Canon “covered the various fields of
medicine with a precision and thoroughness that gave it authoritative sway over
the discipline for hundreds of years, and it ranks as one of the most impressive
and enduring achievements of Islamic science.” The iconic Canadian phy


ian,
William Osler, described Avicenna as the “author of the most famous medical
textbook ever written” and noted that the Canon persisted as “a medical bible for
a longer time than any other work.”

The first individual to correctly describe the route of pulmonary circulation
was a Muslim physician, Ibn al-Nafis (1213-1288), who was born near Damascus,

===== Screenshot (364) -- Page 182 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Syria, and worked in Cairo, Egypt. Pulmonary circulation is the passage of blood
from the right ventricle of the heart through the pulmonary artery into the lungs.
After the blood is oxygenated in the lung via passage through capillaries to the
pulmonary veins back to the left atrium, then to the left ventricle and then out to
the body proper through the aorta.

Al-Nafis was particularly adamant about not parroting theories of past
physicians, He wrote in his 1242 remarks called Commentary on Anatomy in
Avicenna’s Cannon: “In determining the use of each organ we shall rely necessarily
on verified examinations and straightforward research, disregarding whether our
opinions will agree or disagree with those of our predecessors.”

For example, al-Nafis denied the prevailing wisdom of the Greek physician,
Galen, and the Persian physician, Avicenna, both of whom believed that blood
passed from one side of the heart to the other through invisible pores in the heart
wall separating the left from the right side.

Al-Nafis knew there were no such pores as Galen proposed between the right
and left sides of the heart. Instead al-Nafis recorded, “The blood from the right
chamber must flow through the vena arteriosa (pulmonary artery) to the lungs,
spread through its substances, be mingled there with air, pass through the arteria
venosa (pulmonary vein) to reach the left chamber of the heart and there form
the vital spirit.” His then radical view was developed when he was age 29 and was
not added to until 1628, when the English physician William Harvey published his
complete theory of the continuous cycle of blood throughout the entire body.

Al-Nafis compiled and wrote passages for 300 volumes of the medical
encyclopedia The Comprehensive Book on Medicine, of which 80 volumes were
officially published.

Just as Copernicus posed the idea that the sun, not the earth, was the center
of the universe, an English physician, William Harvey, had the daunting job of
convincing his skeptical colleagues that the beating heart, not the liver, is the

power behind the circulation of blood.

With his demonstration of the circulation of blood, Harvey (1578-1657 AD)
could have revised and replaced the Galenic version of physiology. Different from
the contemporary revelations in astronomy and physics, Harvey's correct and
accurate revelations of circulation failed to have a dramatic effect on medical
education or practice. However, his anatomical research and experimentation in
animals advanced medical science by leaps and bounds.

Harvey's efforts reversed a prevailing theory that had lasted for a thousand
years. This prevailing theory at the beginning of the 17th century was that the
liver converted food into “natural blood,” which circulated through veins and the
heart and to all of the body's tissues, where it was consumed. The arterial system
carried air, breath, and was separate from the venous circulation, even though it
was supplied with a tiny amount of blood through holes in the septum separating
the heart's four chambers.

Harvey's careful deductions and experiments proved this could not be so. A cut
artery spurted blood and pumped blood in the same pattern and timing with the
heart's beat.

Ina live dissection of a snake, a pinched artery appeared to engorge the heart,
compared with a pinched vein that made the heart shrink and go pale.

Harvey also calculated that the small amount of blood entering arterial
system from the heart in a single hour equaled a multiple of a person's entire
blood volume—far more than could be expected from a liver.

In 1628 Harvey published his famous book, On the Motion of the Heart, noting
that the movement of blood through the body is circular and that the pulsing
heart itself drives the circulation of blood in an endless cycle:

Thus far we have spoken of the quantity of blood passing through the heart
and the lungs in the centre of the body, and in like manner from the arteries

===== Screenshot (365) -- Page 184 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

into the veins in the peripheral parts and the body at large. We have yet
to explain, however, in what manner the blood finds its way back to the
heart from the extremities by the veins, and how and in what way these
are the only vessels that convey the blood from the external to the central
parts; which done, | conceive that the three fundamental propositions laid
down for the circulation of the blood will be so plain, so well established, so
obviously true, that they may claim general credence. Now the remaining


position will be made sufficiently clear from the valves which are found
in the cavities of the veins themselves, from the uses of these, and from
experiments cognizable by the senses.

The celebrated Hieronymus Fabricius of Aquapendente, a most skillful
anatomist, and venerable old man, or, as the learned Riolan will have
it, Jacobus Silvius, first gave representations of the valves in the veins,
which consist of raised or loose portions of the inner membranes of these
situated at different distances from one another, and diversely in different
individuals; they are connate at the sides of the veins; they are directed
upwards or towards the trunks of the veins; the two—for there are for the
most part two together—regard each other, mutually touch, and are so
ready to come into contact by their edges, that if anything attempt to pass
from the trunks into the branches of the veins, or from the greater vessels
into the less, they completely prevent it; they are farther so arranged, that


the horns of those that succeed are opposite the middle of the convexity of
those that precede, and so on alternately.

The discoverer of these valves did not rightly understand their use,
nor have succeeding anatomists added anything to our knowledge: for
their office is by no means explained when we are told that it is to
hinder the blood, by its weight, from flowing into the inferior parts; for
the edges of the valves in the jugular veins hang downwards, and are so

contrived that they prevent the blood from rising upwards; the valves, in
a word, do not invariably look upwards, but always towards the trunk of
the veins, invariably towards the seat of the heart. |, and indeed others,
have sometimes found valves in the emulgent veins, and in those of the
mesentery, the edges of which were directed towards the vena cava and
vena portae. Let it be added that there are no valves in the arteries, and
that dogs, oxen, etc., have invariably valves at the divisions of their crural
veins, in the veins that meet towards the top of the os sacrum, and in
those branches which come from the haunches, in which no such effect of
gravity from the erect position was to be apprehended. Neither are there
valves of the jugular veins for the purpose of guarding against apoplexy, as
some have said; because in sleep the head is more apt to be influenced by
the contents of the carotid arteries. Neither are the valves present in order
that the blood may be retained in the divarications or smaller trunks and
minuter branches, and not be suffered to flow entirely into the more open
and capacious channels; for they occur where there are no divarications;
although it must be owned that they are most frequent at the points
where branches join. Neither do they exist for the purpose of rendering the
current of blood more slow from the centre of the body; for it seems likely
that the blood would be disposed to flow with sufficient slowness of its
own accord, as it would have to pass from larger into continually smaller
vessels, being separated from the mass and fountain head, and attaining
from warmer into colder places.

But the veins are solely made and instituted lest the blood should pass
from the greater into the lesser veins, and either rupture them or cause
them to become varicose; lest, instead of advancing from the extreme to
the central parts of the body, the blood should rather proceed along the
veins from the centre to the extremities; but the delicate valves, while

===== Screenshot (366) -- Page 186 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

they readily open in the right direction, entirely prevent all such contrary
motion, being so situated and arranged, that if anything escapes, or is less
perfectly obstructed by the cornua of the one above, the fluid passing, as it
were, by the chinks between the cornua, it is immediately received on the
convexity of the one beneath, which is placed transversely with reference to
the former, and so is effectually hindered from getting any farther.

And this | have frequently experienced in my dissections of the veins: if
| attempted to pass a probe from the trunk of the veins into one of the
smaller branches, whatever care | took | found it impossible to introduce it
far any way, by reason of the valves; whilst, on the contrary, it was most
easy to push it along in the opposite direction, from without inwards, or
from the branches towards the trunks and roots. In many places two valves
are so placed and fitted, that when raised they come exactly together in the
middle of the vein, and are there united by the contact of their margins;
and so accurate is the adaption, that neither by the eye nor by any other
means of examination, can the slightest chink along the line of contact be
perceived. But if the probe be now introduced from the extreme towards
the more central parts, the valves, like the floodgates of a river, give way,
and are most readily pushed aside. The effect of this arrangement plainly is
to prevent all motion of the blood from the heart and vena cava, whether
it be upwards towards the head, or downwards towards the feet, or to
either side towards the arms, not a drop can pass; all motion of the blood,
beginning in the larger and tending towards the smaller veins, is opposed
and resisted by them; whilst the motion that proceeds from the lesser to
end in the larger branches is favored, or, at all events, a free and open
passage is left for it.

But that this truth may be made more apparent, let an arm be tied up
above the elbow as if for phlebotomy. At intervals in the course of the

veins, especially in laboring people and those whose veins are large, certain
knots or elevations will be perceived, and this not only at the places where
a branch is received, but also where none enters: these knots or risings are
all formed by valves, which thus show themselves externally. And now if
you press the blood from the space above one of the valves, and keep the
point of a finger upon the vein inferiorly, you will see no influx of blood
from above; the portion of the vein between the point of the finger and the


valve will be obliterated; yet will the vessel continue sufficiently distended
above the valve. The blood being thus pressed out, and the vein emptied,
if you now apply a finger of the other hand upon the distended part of the
vein above the valve, and press downwards, you will find that you cannot
force the blood through or beyond the valve; but the greater effort you
use, you will only see the portion of vein that is between the finger and the
valve become more distended, that portion of the vein which is below the
valve remaining all the while empty.

It would therefore appear that the function of the valves in the veins
is the same as that of the three sigmoid valves which we find at the
commencement of the aorta and pulmonary artery, to prevent alll reflux of
the blood that is passing over them.

Farther, the arm being bound as before, and the veins looking full and
distended, if you press at one part in the course of a vein with the point of
a finger, and then with another finger streak the blood upwards beyond the
next valve, you will perceive that this portion of the vein continues empty,
and that the blood cannot retrograde, precisely as we have already seen
the case to be; but the finger first applied, being removed, immediately
the vein is filled from below, (and the arm returns to its original
architecture). That the blood in the veins therefore proceeds from inferior
or more remote to superior parts, and towards the heart, moving in these

===== Screenshot (367) -- Page 188 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

vessels in this and not in the contrary direction, appears most obviously.
And although in some places the valves, by not acting with such perfect
accuracy, or where there is but a single valve, do not seem totally to prevent
the passage of the blood from the centre, still the greater number of them
plainly do so; and then, where things appear contrived more negligently,
this is compensated either by the more frequent occurrence or more
perfect action of the succeeding valves, or in some other way: the valves,
in short, as they are the free and open conduits of the blood returning to
the heart, so are they effectively prevented from serving as its channels of
distribution from the heart.

But this other circumstance has to be noted: The arm being bound,
and the veins made turgid, and the valves prominent, as before, apply the
thumb or finger over a vein in the situation of one of the valves in such a
way as to compress it, and prevent any blood from passing upwards from
the hand; then, with a finger of the other hand, streak the blood in the
vein upwards till it has passed the next valve above, the vessel now remains
empty; but the finger being removed for an instant, the vein is immediately
filled from below; apply the finger again, and having in the same manner
streaked the blood upwards, again remove the finger below, and again the
vessel becomes distended as before; and this repeat, say a thousand times,
ina short space of time. And now compute the quantity of blood which you
have thus pressed up beyond the valve, and then multiplying the assumed
quantity by one thousand, you will find that so much blood has passed
through a certain portion of the vessel; and | do now believe that you will
find yourself convinced of the circulation of the blood, and of its rapid
motion. But if in this experiment you say that a violence is done to nature,
| do not doubt but that, if you proceed in the same way, only taking as
great a length of vein as possible, and merely remark with what rapidity the

blood flows upwards, and fills the vessel from below, you will come to the
same conclusion.

And now | may be allowed to give in brief my view of the circulation of the
blood, and to propose it for general adoption.

Since all things, both argument and ocular demonstration, show that
the blood passes through the lungs and heart by the force of the ventricles,
and is sent for the distribution to all parts of the body, where it makes its
way into the veins and porosities of the flesh, and then flows by the veins
from the circumference on every side to the centre, from the lesser to the
greater veins, and is by them finally discharged into the vena cava and right
auricle of the heart, and this in such a quantity or in such a flux and reflux
thither by the arteries, hither by the veins, as cannot possibly be applied by
the ingesta, and is much greater than can be required for mere purposes of
nutrition; it is absolutely necessary to conclude that the blood in the animal


body is impelled in a circle, and is in a state of ceaseless motion; that this is
the act or function which the heart performs by means of its pulse; and that
it is the sole and only end of the motion and contraction of the heart

Just a few years after Harvey had died, Italian physician Marcello Malpighi
employed a microscope to observe microscopic capillaries that provided the
connections between the arterial circulation and the veinous return circulation to
the heart.

Approximately during the same period as Harvey's dramatic revelation of
circulation being driven by the heart rather than the liver, Newton proposed his
law of universal gravitation (1687). According to his famous law, every massive
particle in the universe is attracted to every other particle with a force that is
directly related to the sum of their masses and is inversely related to the square

===== Screenshot (368) -- Page 190 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

of the distance between them. Within these relationships, proportionality is held
constant in this theory at all places and all times—thus it is known as the
“universal gravitational constant.”

Further, Newton's laws of motion consist of three physical laws that describe
the relationship between forces acting on a body and its motion due to these
forces:

1. A body remains at rest or in uniform motion in a straight line unless
acted upon by a force.

2. The acceleration of a body is proportional to the force causing the
acceleration and is inversely proportional to its mass.

3.When a force acts on a body due to another body, an equal and
opposite force acts simultaneously on that body.


Taken in their totality, these laws were significant in that they established
the concept of a clockwork universe, which drove the science of astronomy and
physics for the next 200 years. In this view, the universe was similar to a clock
wound up by God and set in motion in such a manner to assure that everything
ran as the perfect machine.

Deists grabbed onto the God-clock theory quickly and “delighted in the
concept that God simply set the wheels of the universe in motion.” Newton, on
the other hand, became frustrated, fearing that this view of his theory would lead
to atheism.

In 1774 English chemist and theologian Joseph Priestly conducted a now
legendary experiment in which he proved that plants take in a gas that animals
give off (carbon dioxide) and that plants give off a gas that animals take in
(oxygen). Priestly took a mouse and placed it in an enclosed glass container until
the mouse collapsed. When he put a plant in the container with the mouse, the

mouse survived, thereby proving that the plant was producing something that
enabled the mouse to live. At the time, Priestly did not know that the gases were,
as we know today, “oxygen” and “carbon dioxide.”

Homeopathy

Homeopathy is a healing art that is based on the ancient alchemist's belief that
“Mike cures like.” The healing art of modern homeopathy came from the work and
studies of the German physician, Samuel Hahnemann (1755-1843).

Hahnemann began his use of homeopathy in 1790 when he, like Paracelsus,
had become frustrated with the then standard medical treatments of
bloodletting, and purging and blistering with liquid mercury.

Hahnemann first became enthralled with the Cinchona bark that was used
successfully to cure malaria. He observed and recorded that consuming the bark
produced a malaria-like fever. He then began to look at other substances that
when ingested produced the symptoms of the disease he wanted to cure—"like
cures like!”

According to the theory and principles of homeopathy, the “mother tincture”
or the basic substance has to be diluted and “secussed,” meaning to be vigorously
shaken. The more diluted the remedy the more potent it becomes. Many
homeopathic remedies are so diluted that the quantity of the active substance
falls below Avagadro’s number and it can no longer be detected by analysis.

The goal of the homeopath is to restore the balance of the patients
“vital force” or energy much like the philosophy of TCM (Traditional Chinese
Medicine). Homeopathy gained the public's interest and credibility world-wide
during the 19th century. The homeopathic hospital in London demonstrated a
considerably higher survival rate than the allopathic medical hospitals during the

===== Screenshot (369) -- Page 192 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

cholera epidemic of 1854. Did that mean that the homeopathic remedies were
more effective or that the bloodletting and purging with mercury were more
dangerous?

Dr. Wilhelm Heinrich Schuessler (1821-1898), a physician from Oldenburg,
Germany deduced that minerals, “tissue salts” or “cell salts,” were the basic stuff
of all human flesh and even life itself. Schuessler, who studied medicine and
related sciences at the most highly regarded schools of Paris, Berlin, Geissen, and
Prague, is considered the “father and founder of the science of biochemistry.”

Schuessler was quided and influenced by the highly regarded German chemist
Liebig, who postulated that the human body is composed of “cells” which are
complex building blocks that are composed of organic material, water, and “salts”
or minerals.

Schuessler methodically cremated the corpses of indigent humans dying in
German hospitals and analyzed the resultant ash. With the limited number of
analytical methods available in his day he was only able to identify 12 “cell
salts.” Given the meager amount of information he had access to, and given
the fact that some of his mineral deficiency to disease relationships were


incorrect, Schuessler demonstrated great insight for realizing the connection
between mineral deficiencies and imbalances and their relationship to chronic
degenerative disease.

Schuessler, heavily influenced by Hahnemann and his low dose homeopathic
approach, employed his “cell salts” as a homeopathic remedy rather than a high
dose nutritional supplement which severely reduced the effectiveness of his “cell
salts."

Anesthesia

“John Wayne anesthesia,” meaning a shot of whiskey and a blunt force to the
head, was the anesthesia of the day until the mid-19th century. It is impossible
to contemplate how anyone could have tolerated a dental extraction, limb
amputation, or crude abdominal surgery, appendectomy, hysterectomy, or bullet
removal before the advent of anesthesia.

Surgeons of the day had to be bold, fast, and be able to work regardless of
the patient's terrified screams. A covey of nurses had to be numerous enough
or strong enough to restrain the patients active attempts to flee or fight the
surgeon's efforts.

By the mid-1840s, surgeons had few methods of reducing surgical pain except
for the surgeon to use a knockout punch, whisky, or mesmerism (hypnosis) to dull
the patients pain and fear. Many subjected to these early attempts at surgery died
of simple shock: “The surgery was a success, but the patient died!”

The modern era of surgical anesthesia came in 1844, when a Connecticut
dentist by the name Horace Wells attended a parlor trick demonstration of
intoxication on a volunteer by means of administering a “laughing gas" of nitrous
oxide.

During the demonstration one volunteer suffered a severe laceration of his leg,
yet he did not complain or withdraw his leg from the resulting pain.

Wells was so impressed with the laughing delirium and anesthesia produced
by inhaling nitrous oxide, that he immediately proposed trying the gas on a
dental patient during tooth extraction. The anesthetic properties of nitrous oxide
had been recognized for decades, since volunteers could be pricked with pins
without resulting pain or withdrawing their punctured hand. However, medical
minds of the day i


ally failed to recognize the anesthetic value for the patient.

Wells failed attempt at using nitrous oxide during a tooth extraction at the
Massachusetts General Hospital drew contempt from the observing physicians
when the patient screamed in pain.

===== Screenshot (370) -- Page 195 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

The concept of anesthesia came when Wells’ dental associate, William Morton,
extracted an infected tooth with the patient anesthetized, not with the laughing
gas, but instead with ether, another inhalant gas that produced a deeper
anesthesia.

When the patient awakened, he was surprised that his bicuspid had already
been removed!

Morton anesthetized a second patient with ether during an operation to
remove a neck tumor. The surgeon upon completing the surgery, turned and
exclaimed to his attending colleagues: “Gentlemen, this is no humbug.”

Anesthesia quickly advanced from a parlor curiosity to a well-accepted
advancement in surgical technique. To get surgeons and the general public to
accept anesthesia for surgery, Queen Victoria of England was anesthetized with
chloroform during the deliveries of her eighth and ninth children in 1853 and
1857.

Osteopathy

In 1892 osteopathy began in a small school in Kirksville, Missouri. The school was
started by Dr. Andrew Taylor Still, a former Civil War Army surgeon, who had lost
most of his children during the war from the ravages of infectious diseases.

According to Still’s philosophy, most diseases were caused by mechanical
interference of nerves and blood and blood flow, and they were curable
by manipulation of “deranged, displaced bones, nerves, muscles—removing all
obstructions—thereby setting the machinery of life moving.”

In his autobiography Dr. Still claimed that he could “shake a child and stop
scarlet fever, croup, diphtheria, and cure whooping cough in three days by
a ‘wring’ of its neck.” Surgery and pharmaceuticals of the day were harmful

and dangerous, and people resisted bloodletting, rectal feeding, and toxic drug
cocktails that included large doses of mercury and arsenic. Dr. Still noted that “in
Missouri and Kansas where the doctors were shut out, the children did not die."
Originally, the osteopathic physician was trained in physical manipulation and
diet, however, in the 20th and 21st centuries an American trained D.O., or Doctor


of Osteopathic Medicine, is educated and practices in much the manner as an MD
(medical doctor).

Chiropractic Medicine

The formal practice of chiropractic (DC) began in 1895 when Daniel David
“D.D." Palmer reported that he had improved a patient's hearing by physically
“manipulating” a man’s spine. Palmer, a former bee keeper and grocer, claimed he
had gotten the idea for chiropractic from the spirit of a deceased physician.

In 1909 Palmer wrote, “Chiropractors have found in every disease that is
supposed to be contagious, a cause in the spine. In the spinal column we will find
a subluxation that corresponds to every type of disease. If we had one hundred
cases of small-pox, I can prove to you where, in one, you will find a subluxation
and you will find the same conditions in the other ninety nine. | adjust one and
return his functions to normal .. . There is no contagious disease. . .. There is no
infection.”

From the 20th century through the 21st century chiropractic has been
successfully employed to relieve musculoskeletal disability and pain through
manipulation. Traditional chiropractors, or “Straight” practitioners, limit their
practice to spinal and cervical (neck) manipulation that relieves subluxations of
the vertebrae, which in turn relieves pressure on the cervical and spinal nerves

===== Screenshot (371) -- Page 196 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

—thus relieving symptoms such as peripheral neuropathies, neck, back, and joint
pain.

“Mixers” are chiropractors that have added herbal medicines and nutritional
supplements to their style of practice.

Naturopathic Medicine

Naturopathy is practiced by naturopathic physicians (ND). What distinguishes
naturopathic medicine from allopathic medicine is that its “practice” emerges
from its underlying principle—FIRST DO NO HARM. Naturopathic medicine
claims Hippocrates as its father and recognizes an inherent healing capacity of
the body. Naturopathic physicians emphasize the prevention of disease through
clean living; good diet; supplementation of nutrients when necessary to ensure
the body's optimum health, maintenance, and repair; exercise; practicing a


religious faith; and when necessary the employment of noninvasive therapies
such as treatment with nutritional supplements, herbs, message, hydrotherapy,
acupuncture, TCM, naturopathic manipulation, homeopathy, counseling,
gynecology, obstetrics, pediatrics, minor surgery, and—rarely—prescription drugs
and other medications.

The “scope” of practice of naturopathic medicine in modern times varies
widely from state to state depending on the strength and oppressiveness of
the allopathic (aka: orthodox medicine) medical lobby at the time naturopathic
medicine was introduced into that state. As taught, naturopathy covers the full
practice of medicine. Therefore NDs are “primary care physicians," excluding the
practice of major surgery and the everyday prescribing of most legend drugs.

Naturopathic medicine is taught in accredited naturopathic colleges and
universities and is licensed and/or regulated in several countries, such as

Europe, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, and numerous American states including
Oregon, Washington, California, Arizona, Montana, Utah, Idaho, Alaska, Hawaii,
Nevada, Florida, Connecticut, Massachusetts, North Carolina, Georgia, and
perhaps others.

Psychiatry and Psychoanalysis

Next to Freud, the most influential psychiatrist in the 20th century was Carl
Gustav Jung (1875-1961). He was born in Kesswil, a Swiss village located near
the falls of the Rhine River. His grandfather, a Rosicrucian freethinker, was alleged
to be the illegitimate son of Goethe. He had been exiled from Germany and then
moved to Switzerland where he became a professor of medicine and surgery at
Basel.

Jung's father was a very orthodox pastor whose pastime was psychology.
Jung, himself, earned a medical degree at the University of Basel and then,
as Freud had done, he studied psychological medicine in Paris. He returned to
Switzerland and took a position as a lecturer in the Psychiatric Clinic of Zurich
University.

In 1907 Jung heard Freud speak and initially became one of his most rabid
disciples, but soon Jung's own clinical observations led him to reexamine many
of Freud's basic principles. Jung believed that Freud gave too much weight to
sexual repression as a cause of mental illness. Instead, Jung taught that “greater
importance should be attached to the effects of emotional conflicts and to the
stresses and strains of the patient at the time of his breakdown.” Jung's book, The
Psychology of the Unconscious (1912), was filled with criticisms of Freud's theories
which lead to a major falling out between the two men.

===== Screenshot (372) -- Page 198 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Jung referred to his own theories and treatments as “analytical psychology”
and left the term “psychoanalysis” to Freud. Over the years of his clinical work,
Jung came to believe that one of the most common causes of a nervous
breakdown was a “loss of religious faith.” The majority of Jung's later studies were
filled with topics that both his supporters and critics "dismissed as antiquated
superstition and unworthy of a genuine scientist's interest or attention": alchemy,
astrology, spiritualism, and popular folklore. Jung believed that, “Even if these
beliefs were wholly false, the reasons for their widespread prevalence called for a
psychological investigation.”

Jung performed a statistical study of nearly 500 marriages and 1,000
horoscopes. These were paired off in a variety of ways and comparisons were
looked at through the astrological charts of individuals both with their spouses
and with other members of the group. Jung then looked carefully at the
horoscopes of the married and the unmarried couples and discovered a number
of noteworthy connections—primarily a tendency for the married woman's Moon
to be in conjunction with the husband's Sun. While appearing to be arguing the
opposition’s case, by his saying that the connection could not be causally related,
he however, unlike naysayers of astrology, posited that the connection could not
be denied and must be accounted for.

Jung's interest and eventual belief in astrology heartened professional
astrologers throughout the world and promoted a modern resurgence of
astrology asa force to be dealt with.

Jung had a profound impact on how Alcoholics Anonymous became so
effective. He suggested that recovering alcoholics place themselves in a
regimented religious atmosphere “of their own choice.” This spiritual approach
positively transformed many alcoholics who were unsuccessful when they
employed other methods.

In 1928 Jung, along with Richard Wilhelm, who was an authority on Chinese

philosophy, published The Secret of the Golden Flower. The secret, according to
Jung, was that “man is a cosmos in miniature, and is not divided from the Great
Cosmos by any fixed limits; Tao, the Undivided, all-embracing ONE, gives rise to
two opposite reality-principles—Darkness and Light, Yin and Yang.”

Jung had observed that alchemy “has been called the dream of primitive
medicine” and that it should not be considered “a bogus science practiced by
mercenary charlatans.” Philosophers such as St. Thomas Aquinas, physicians such
as Sir Thomas Browne, and deeply revered scientists such as Sir Isaac Newton had
studied alchemy.

Much like Gnosticism, alchemy had developed in the Hellenistic culture of
Alexandria in Egypt. The Egyptian metallurgist had accumulated the trade secrets
of extracting the “noble metals” (gold and silver) for the wealthy and the
less costly alloys for those who could not afford the real thing. The processes
performed


the laboratory followed the principles of Aristotelian physics and
Alexandrian Neoplatonism, which had significant influence on early Christian
doctrine. The leading concept was that the world of man (microcosm) reflected
the macrocosm (the universe as a whole).

Mesopotamian astrology, as a result, became inexorably linked to alchemy.
Each metal was linked to a celestial counterpart: gold was linked to the sun,
silver with the moon, quicksilver with mercury, and so forth. To accomplish these
tasks for transmutation, 12 successive laboratory processes, associated with the
12 signs of the zodiac, were required. The astronomical symbols were used to
represent the primary chemical ingredients and processes.

Jung indicates that the explanatory theories were described in terms of
“fanciful analogies.” Later alchemists were commonly physicians and they
compared the chemical processes of alchemy to human physiology and medicine.
Jung also believed that, “lowlier animals had to be sacrificed, cleansed, and
burned before they could live again as part of the human body, so too, the

===== Screenshot (373) -- Page 200 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

humbler metals had to be ‘killed, washed and fired’ before emerging as the
nobler metals such as gold and silver.”

Ideas and philosophies were introduced from the ancient Chinese alchemist
who looked at the transmutation of lower metals into gold and silver as of
secondary importance. Their goal was to “supplement” the practice of herbal
medicine which was designed to cure minor ailments, with a pill or elixir
(that is, the panacea) prepared from minerals and metals which might confer
“immortality.”

All of the Chinese theories of alchemy reappear in the thoughts and writings
of Paracelsus, and Jung asserted that Paracelsus should be considered the
founder of iatrochemistry (the application of chemistry to medical theory) and
the founder of psychological medicine because he professed to cure physical and
psychical disorders as well.

Jung was among the first to recognize the fact that modern historians of
chemistry now totally recognize that alchemy had both an exoteric popular belief
and an esoteric secretly shrouded belief. The exoteric alchemy practices and
beliefs were centered on the philosopher's stone—the magical substance that
would convert, lead, tin, and copper, not into a compound or alloy but into the
purified silver and gold. The esoteric or mystical alchemy was devoted to these
“mundane transmutations as symbolic of a devotional system by which sinful
man could be transformed into a perfect and immortal being.”

Medical Education in the United States

In 1900 medical school training in America was extremely primitive. Lofty
admission requirements were totally absent; often the only requirement was a
high school degree for admission. An important milestone in medical education

in America happened in 1914 with the publication of “Medical Education in the
United States and Canada,” an investigation by Abraham Flexner.
Medical education in America in the 20th and 21st centuries has been directed


by the results of Flexner’s report. Flexner, a retired university president, visited
each of the 155 medical schools in the United States and Canada. The Flexner
report was conducted at the behest of and funded by the oil baron John
D. Rockefeller and the steel magnet Andrew Carnegie. Flexner compared the
curriculum and the student populations of the various types of medical schools.
A few of the medical schools, including Johns Hopkins University School of
Medicine and Wake Forest University School of Medicine, received an excellent
evaluation score; however, Flexner gave significant numbers of “proprietary”
schools an extremely negative score.

The proprietary schools were in fact “trade” schools that had no university or
college affiliations, dissection was not offered, and many instructors were non-
academic local practitioners. They were:


1.those medical schools considered “straights’—ones that employed
mercury to blister (applications of mercury to the skin) and prescribed
oral doses of liquid mercury to purge the illness

2. those medical schools that prescribed herbs as plant medicines

3. those schools that preferentially prescribed homeopathy


4, those medical schools that preferentially pursued a healthy diet and

lifestyle

Flexner’s recommendations included a minimum requirement of a high school
education and two years of basic sciences obtained through studies at a college or

university for consideration for admission, and only 16 of the 155 schools visited


could meet the recommendations. Flexner also suggested that medical education

===== Screenshot (374) -- Page 203 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

should be a four year study with two years of basic medical science and two years
of medical training.

Flexner further stated that, “An education in medicine involved both learning
and learning how; the student cannot effectively know, unless he knows how.”
The Medical College Admission Test (MCAT) was developed in 1928 to provide a
standardized admission test for medical school admission.

Following the report most medical schools, unable to comply with Flexner's
standards, closed, thus leaving 66 operating in America by 1935. A major
negative of the Flexner report was that small medical schools that supported
“alternative” medical theory closed for lack of funding, lack of students and lack
of political support.

After receiving Flexner's report, the Rockefeller Foundation and Carnegie
Institute decided to fund the straight medical schools because prescription drugs
were made from petroleum products. The funding of the straight medical schools
created a migration of a majority of the medical students to the more highly
funded schools and the closing of almost all other healing professions.

During this same period of time of the Flexner Report, the straight medical
doctors were busy in the halls of politics legislating themselves into a protected


monopoly—with no government oversight, self-policing, no competition, and
unlimited funds through private or government insurance.

The straight medical group also killed off all of their competition by becoming
intimately involved with politics. By the late 1920s straight medical doctors
ruled the practice of medicine in America, and all other forms of medicine were
aggressively and legislatively deemed to be “quackery.” Governments at the
city, county, state and federal level, and the military only recognized MDs as
“legitimate” physicians. Insurance by law could only pay MDs, thus choking off all
other healers availability to patients.

In the early 1930s, a Cleveland dentist by the name of Dr. Weston A. Price

for years traveled to remote parts of the world to study the dental health of
peoples unaffected by Western civilization. His purpose was to search for the
raw materials responsible for good dental health. His investigations revealed that
dental caries and malformed dental arches that created crowded and misaligned
teeth are the result of nutritional deficiencies, not inherited genetic defects.

The cultures that Price studied included isolated villages in Switzerland, Gaelic
villages in the Outer Hebrides, indigenous peoples of North and South America,
Melanesian and Polynesian South Sea Islanders, African tribes, Australian
Aborigines, and New Zealand Maori. Wherever he went, Dr. Price found that
beautiful straight teeth freed from decay, good physiques, a general resistance
to disease, and fine characters were typical of native groups on their traditional
diets, rich in essential nutrients.

When Dr. Price analyzed the foods consumed by these isolated cultures he
reported, “by comparison to the American diet of his day, they provided at least
four times the water-soluble vitamins, calcium and other minerals, and at least
ten times the fat-soluble vitamins from animal foods such as butter, fish eggs,
shellfish, organ meats, and animal fats—the very cholesterol-rich foods now
shunned by the American public as unhealthful.” Price felt that these healthy t
raditional cultures knew instinctively what researchers of Dr. Price’s day had only
recently discovered: “That these fat-soluble vitamins, vitamins A and D, were vital
to health as they were required as catalysts for efficient mineral absorption and
protein utilization.” Without them, humans cannot absorb minerals, no matter
how abundant they may be found in the human diet.

Dr. Price discovered an additional fat-soluble nutrient, which he labeled
“Activator X," that is present in fish livers and shellfish, organ meats, and butter
made from milk from cows that eat rapidly growing green grass in the Spring and
Fall. All primitive cultures had a source of Activator X, now thought to be vitamin
K,, in their diets.

===== Screenshot (375) -- Page 208 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

The remote cultures that Dr. Price investigated understood the importance
of preconception nutrition for both parents. Many cultures required a period
of special feeding before conception, in which nutrient-dense animal sources of
nutrition were preferentially given to young men and women. The same special
diets were also considered important for pregnant women, lactating women, and
children. Price noted that these special diets were rich in minerals and in the fat-
soluble activators typically found in animal fats—the vitamins A, D, E, and K.

The remote peoples that Price initially photographed were noteworthy for
“their fine bodies, ease of reproduction, emotional stability, and freedom
from degenerative diseases typical of the civilized moderns subsisting on the
displacing foods of modern commerce, including sugar, white flour, pasteurized
milk, low-fat foods, vegetable oils, and convenience items filled with extenders
and additives.”

The discoveries, theories, and conclusions of Dr. Price are noted in his
classic work, Nutrition and Physical Degeneration. His book contains dramatic
photographs of handsome, healthy, primitive peoples and illustrates in an
unforgettable manner the physical degeneration that occurs when humans
abandon nourishing traditional diets in favor of modern convenience foods.

Price documented the classical characteristics of traditional diets:

1. The diets of healthy, non-industrialized peoples contain little or no
refined sugar, white flour, canned foods, low-fat milk, hydrogenated
vegetable oils, protein powders, synthetic vitamins, or artificial

colorings.


2. All traditional cultures regularly consume animal food including fish,
shellfish, land and water fowl, land and sea mammals, poultry eggs,
dairy products, reptiles, and insects. The whole animal is consumed:
muscle meat, organ meat, bones, fat.

3. The diets of healthy, non-industrialized peoples contained a least four
times the minerals and water soluble vitamins, ten times the fat soluble
vitamins found in animal fat (vitamin A, vitamin D, and Activator X
(vitamin K,) as the standard American diet.

4.All traditional cultures cooked some of their food; however, all
consumed a portion of their animal foods raw.

5. Primitive and traditional tribal diets have diets rich in fermented

vegetables, fruit, drinks, dairy products, meats, and condiments.
6. Seeds, grains, and nuts are soaked, sprouted, and fermented.

7. Total fat content of traditional tribal diets varied between 30 to 80
percent of calories; however, only four percent of calories came from
polyunsaturated oils that were found in whole grains, legumes, nuts,
fish, animal fats, and vegetables. The remainder of the fat calories was
in the form of saturated and monounsaturated fatty acids.

8. Traditional diets contained nearly equal amounts of omega-3 and
omega-6 essential fatty acids.

9. All traditional diets contained salt.

10. All traditional cultures consumed animal bones and gelatin-rich bone


soup.

11. Traditional cultures typically provide nutrient-rich animal foods for
prenatal nutrition, pregnant and lactating women, and growing
children.

Being a dentist, Price was particularly interested in the differences in the facial
structures of those peoples consuming “native diets” and those whose parents
had adopted the “civilized diets of devitalized processed foods.” In contrast to

===== Screenshot (376) -- Page 207 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

this, he consistently found that “Those consuming the original cultural diets had
a wide handsome face with plenty of room for the dental arches. Those born to
parents consuming the modernized diet had narrowed faces, crowded teeth and
a reduced immunity to disease.”

Price was an astute observer and noted quite correctly that as isolated tribal
cultures were negatively impacted by the availability of modern packaged foods.
However, he did not stress enough the associated changes and universal negative
impact of electricity and natural gas on the human diet and nutrition. With the
availability of modern sources of fuel and energy, wood, the previously universal
fuel, had been displaced, and the historical source of dietary minerals—wood
ashes—had been abandoned forever.

People had been using plant minerals or “wood ashes" as their source of
dietary minerals since the beginning of time and the taming of fire. Then, at 3:00
PM in the afternoon, Monday September 4, 1882, everything changed. This was
the moment in history when Thomas Edison pulled the switch and fired up the
first commercial electric generating plant in the world. The event took place on
Pearl Street in New York City on the bluff overlooking the construction of the
Brooklyn Bridge.


While electricity sources contributed to the rapid advance of industry, the use
of electricity as the source of fuel for heat, cooking, and light eliminated the
individual families’ traditional source of supplemental dietary minerals that was
found in wood ashes! Sears catalogues touted the availability of electric stoves
and the advantages of kitchen cleanliness compared with the dusty, dirty, wood
stove and the necessity to take the wood ashes outside every day.

‘As wood disappeared as the universal fuel, the general health of the
industrialized cultures declined, as no one thought or even considered for one
moment how to replace the lost source of nutritional minerals. In contrast, the
agricultural industry had learned that a constant stream of dietary minerals

was essential for livestock health, reproduction, and profitability. The lack of
dietary minerals for livestock resulted in financial disaster because of increased
frequency of disease and decrease in production of healthy offspring, meat, dairy,
and eggs.

Mineral-poor diets in farm, laboratory, and pet animals resulted in infertility,
increased rates of birth defects, and reduced feed-conversion to meat, milk, eggs,
and litter size. Farmers went out of business without the serious supplementation
of dietary minerals.

Agricultural universities began to accumulate data on the diseases that were
produced in animals from specific mineral deficiencies in the embryo, in the
developing young, and over time in the reproductive-age and the longevity of
older individual animals.

The advent of health insurance for humans began to separate the lines
of thinking between veterinarians and physicians. Veterinarians were required
to prevent and cure diseases on a herd and flock basis by nutritional
supplementation. In contrast to the treatment of animals, the human medical
system, with the availability of “health insurance," began to ease the discomforts
and symptoms of degenerative diseases with long-term therapies that were paid
for by insurance. The combination of electricity and health insurance became the
“perfect storm” that would destroy the health of modern man.

In 1954, at Boston's Peter Bent Brigham Hospital, doctors led by surgeon
Joseph E. Murray performed the world’s first successful organ transplant. They
removed a healthy kidney from one man and implanting it into his identical twin
who was suffering from kidney failure.

This initial transplant success produced a stream of organ transplants and,
of equal importance, a large number of research projects that looked at the
immunological problems of organ transplants. Researchers attempted several

===== Screenshot (377) -- Page 209 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

approaches to the problem of rejection, such as radiating the recipient's immune
system and suppressing the immune system with pharmaceuticals.

Our Medical System in the United States

In 1998 the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) surveyed American hospitals and
found that hospitals caused 2 million infections per year in hospital patients,
of which 90,000 died. One must ask: “How on earth can this breach of basic
hygiene happen? The answer is “elementary, my dear Watson.” Doctors wear
the same slacks, the same panty hose, the same white coat, and the same shoes
room to room dragging with them pee, poop, pus, mucus, slime, bacteria, viruses,
yeast, and molds. In contrast to this, SPF disease-free pigs are protected by a


federal law that requires employees and visitors alike to disinfect their boots and
clothes between entries to different pig pens. We treat pigs in a barn with more
awareness and care for hygiene than we do humans in American hospitals!

In 1993, 85,000 cases of hospital infections attributed to Clostridium dificil
were recorded in American hospitals. By 2010, seventeen years later, the infection
rate increased by 400% to 360,800. There was no incentive for the individual
doctors or the medical system to improve hygiene and eliminate hospital
infections—after all, no one had their license suspended or revoked and insurance
paid!

In 1998, 3,000 serious mistakes were recorded in American veteran’s hospitals,
wi


resulted in 700 veterans “killed” who had escaped death at the hands of a
foreign enemy.

In the year 2006 the CDC noted that pharmaceutical errors resulted in 1.5
million fatalities and permanent injuries in American hospital patients. These
negative events were not the result of side effects of the drugs, but rather

decimal point problems by the prescribing doctors and fulfillment errors by the
pharmacists.

In 2007 the CDC and the Journal of the American Medical Association reported
that medical doctors kill, injure, and infect 15 million medical patients each year
in America alone: 5.8 million in hospitals and 9.2 million in private offices and
clinics. How many Americans would fly commercial airlines if they knew that 15
million airline passengers were killed, injured, or infected each year by careless
pilots and flight attendants? Nobody would fly!

In 2010 the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services and the Office
of Inspector General reported that 15,000 Medicare patients die each month in
American medical hospitals. That's 180,000 Medicare patients killed each year by
medical doctors in their workplace!

Included in the hospital fatalities during minor procedures in the years 2011
and 2012 were three iconic figures: Andy Rooney of 60 Minutes fame, Dick Clark
from American Bandstand and astronaut Neil Armstrong (first man to set foot on
the moon).

‘Andy Rooney, age 92, was was killed by “complications of a minor medical
procedure (a colonoscopic exam).”

Dick Clark, age 82, was killed by complications of a “minor prostate
procedure.”

Neil Armstrong of NASA, age 82, was killed by “complications of (an elective)
cardiovascular procedure.”

The medical profession in America kills and injures more people each year than
the mafia has in 1,000 years. As a protected self-policing monopoly few doctors
get their licenses suspended or revoked and fewer are prosecuted for any injuries,
infec


ns, or deaths inflicted upon their customers. There are no incentives to
protect the patient—after all—insurance pays!

===== Screenshot (378) -- Page 211 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Despite spending more money each year for health care than all of the
nations in the world combined, as of 2012, following the guidance and treatment
procedures of the medical profession, America ranks 92nd in healthfulness.
This means 91 other nations are healthier than Americans. America ranks 60th
in longevity, and there are 59 other nations whose peoples live longer than
Americans. And God forgive us—we rank 41st in live births and first-month
survivability of our babies.

And by following the advice of medical doctors and the U.S. government, we
became the number one nation in the world with the greatest rates of obesity,
and one out of three elderly die of dementia by 2012. This is hardly a testimony
to their theory on how to achieve and maintain good health and maximum life
spans.

===== Screenshot (379) -- Page 212 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

PART

2

The Age of Vaccines
and Antibiotics

===== Screenshot (380) -- Page 213 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

CHAPTER FIVE


The Germ Theory and Bacteria

(The) germ theory shifted the cause of disease away from internal organs
to external invaders. The long-frustrated social hygiene movements could
now marshal science to help their efforts to clean up the world in a joint
campaign against a living “enemy.” What's more, (the) germ theory spawned
the new science of bacteriology, which more than any other form of inquiry
brought pathology into the medical spotlight. Bacteriology established the
microscope as a tool for doctors as well as scientists.

—Jacalyn Duffin
History of Medicine:
A Scandalously Short Introduction

The idea behind (Pasteur's) germ theory seems simple enough today.
Microorganisms such as bacteria, fungi, and protozoan parasites come
from forebears of the same species; they are present in large numbers
almost everywhere—in air, in water, in dust; finally, germs can therefore be

understood as the causative factor in not only fermentation and putrescence

but also in disease. Different diseases are caused by different microbes. It all
fits together into such a neat package that it's hard at first to understand
why his germ theory was so controversial and took so long to be accepted.

—Hal Hellman

Great Feuds in Medicine: Ten of the Liveliest Disputes Ever

As a Hungarian trainee in Vienna's great hospital, Semmelweis (1818-
1865) was isolated from the easy camaraderie of Austrian medical students
in the wards and autopsy rooms. Although he told of his discovery of the
association between autopsies and childbed fever many different ways, he
probably first noticed the too-frequent ringing of a little bell as the priest
came to give last rites to a dying mother. Becoming a crusader, Semmelweis
angrily attacked European obstetricians as murderers. He himself died from
the skull fractures he sustained after (a forced) admission to an asylum.
Ann G. Carmichael and Richard M. Ratzan (editors)
Medicine: A Treasury of Art and Literature

The Justinian Plague, named for the Byzantine emperor Justinian |, killed 10,000
people each day. The deaths started in 541 AD and before it was over 200 million
had died.

The Antonine Plague, named for one of the two Roman emperors who died
from the infection, began in 165 AD, and as it gained energy it killed 5,000 people


each day for 15 years, and ended up killing an estimated 27 million.

===== Screenshot (381) -- Page 215 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

The bubonic plague (Black Death) ravaged the 14th century, kil


ing 25 million
Europeans and an additional 12 million people throughout China and India. The
global total is unknown.

Eyeglasses were invented in medieval Italy. In 1590 a Dutch eyeglass maker,
Zacharias Janssen, and his father, Hans, discovered that they could build on the
concept of magnification using a single lens by using two lenses, and the light
microscope was born.

In 1665, while looking at thin slivers of cork through a microscope, Robert
Hooke observed small holes, or what he coined “cells.” Hooke later said that


the cavities reminded him of monk's quarters (thus the origin of the name). He
believed that these cells had once been containers for “noble juices” or “fibrous
threads” necessary for the cork tree’s survival. In addition Hooke supported the
common theory of the day that only plants possessed cells; at the time no one
thought to look at animal or human tissues through the microscope.

Hooke included drawings of the cells he had observed in his book,
Micrographia, He also provided instructions for constructing a microscope like
the one he used, presumably so that readers could make the same observations.
Not happy enough to simply observe cells, Hooke calculated how many could be
contained in a cubic inch. Hooke quite correctly calculated the number of cells
would be: 1,259,712,000.

Known as the father of microscopy because of his superior designs of
microscopes, Anton van Leeuwenhoek is lauded for his building of a microscope
that could magnify up to 270 times as well as his observations and descriptions of
protozoa and bacteria. People had been using single lenses, such as magnifying
glasses, for centuries to observe small things. However, the single lens is limited
in its magnifying power. The compound lens microscope created by the Dutch
produced a system that allowed one magnified image to be magnified again!

The Dutch naturalist was the first to observe and document these one-celled

organisms in 1674. His findings opened up a new field of science and revealed the
world of microbiology to the biologist of his day. Additionally, van Leeuwenhoek
observed yeast cells, blood cells, sperm cells, and tissue cells.

In 1716 Leeuenhoek wrote, “My work was not pursued in order to gain the
praise | now enjoy, but chiefly from a craving after knowledge . . . Whenever


| found out anything remarkable, | have thought it my duty to put down my
discovery on paper, so that all ingenious people might be informed thereof.”

The understanding of the basis of infectious disease is thought to be one of
the most important discoveries of the 19th century. Up to the middle of the 19th
century the prevailing belief was that microbes could spontaneously come to life
out of inanimate matter. The theory proposed to support this phenomenon was
called “spontaneous generation,” and it was thought that disease was not spread
from host to human host on droplets of sputum or bodily fluids, but rather was
“carried on a miasma of noxious, foul-smelling air”

Scientists rejected the spontaneous generation theory grudgingly. An amateur
Dutch lens grinder, Anton van Leeuwenhoek first looked at bacteria in the 1670s.
It was not until the 19th century in 1840, almost 200 years later, that Hungarian
physician Ignaz Semmelweis (1818-1865), developed, tested, and proved his
theory that the much-dreaded childbed fever was being transmitted on the
hands of Austrian physicians, who, directly from their gruesome work at the
autopsy table, wiped their gory hands on their aprons and then employed them
unwashed as they attended women in labor in the great Vienna hospital.

Semmelweis reported his observations in The Etiology, Concept and
Prophylaxis of Childbed Fever:

Because Vienna is so large, women in labor often deliver on the street, on
the glacis (earthwork), or in front of the gates of houses before they can
reach the hospital. It is then necessary for the woman carrying her infant in

===== Screenshot (382) -- Page 217 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

her skirts, and often in very bad weather, to walk to the maternity hospital.
Such births are referred to as street births. Admissions to the maternity
clinic and to the foundling home is gratis, on the condition that those
admitted be available for open instructional purposes, and that those fit
to do so serve as wet nurses for the foundling home. Infants not born in
the maternity clinic are not admitted gratis to the foundling home because
their mothers have not been available for instruction. However, in order
that those who had the intention of delivering in the maternity hospital but
who delivered on the way would not innocently lose their privilege, street
births were counted as hospital deliveries.

This, however, led to the following abuse: women in somewhat better
circumstances, seeking to avoid the unpleasantness of open examination
without losing the benefit of having their infants accepted gratis to the
foundling home, would be delivered by mi


es in the city and then be
taken quickly by coach to the clinic where they claimed that the birth had
occurred unexpectedly while they were on their way to the clinic. If the
child had not been christened and if the umbilical cord was still fresh, these
cases were treated as street births, and the mother received charity exactly
like those who delivered at the hospital. The number of these cases was
high; frequently in a single month between the two clinics there were as
many as one hundred cases.

As | have noted, women who delivered on the street contracted childbed
fever at a significantly lower rate than those who delivered in the hospital.
This was in spite of the less favorable conditions in which such births took
place. Of course, in most of these cases delivery occurred in a bed with
the assistance of a midwife. Moreover, after three hours our patients were
obliged to walk to their beds by way of the glass-enclosed passageway.
However, such inconvenience is certainly less dangerous than being

delivered by a midwife, then immediately having to arise, walk down many
flights of stairs to the waiting carriage, travel in all weather conditions and
over horribly rough pavement to the maternity hospital, and there having
to climb up another flight of stairs. For those who really gave birth on the
street, the conditions would have been even more difficult.

To me, it appeared logical to the patients who experienced street births
would become ill at least as frequently as those who delivered in the clinic.
I have already expressed my firm conviction that the deaths in the first
clinic were not caused by epidemic influences but by endemic and as yet
unknown factors, that is, factors whose harmful influences were limited to
the first clinic. What protected those who delivered outside the clinic from
these destructive unknown endemic influences? In the second clinic, the
health of the patients who underwent street births was as good as in the
first clinic, but there the difference was not so striking, since the health of
the patients was generally much better

In addition to those who delivered on the street, those who delivered
prematurely also became ill much less frequently than ordinary patients.
Those who delivered prematurely were not only exposed to all the same
endemic influences as patients who went full-term, they also suffered
the additional harm of whatever caused the premature delivery. Under
these circumstances, how could their superior health be explained? One
explanation was that the earlier the birth, the less developed the puerperal
condition and therefore the smaller the predisposition for the disease.
Yet puerperal fever can begin during birth or even during pregnancy;
indeed, even at these times it can be fatal. The better health of patients
who delivered prematurely in the second clinic conformed to the general
superior health of full-term patients in the clinic.

===== Screenshot (383) -- Page 219 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Patients often became ill sporadically. One diseased patient would be
surrounded by healthy patients. But very often whole rows would become
ill without a single patient in the row remaining healthy. The beds in the
maternity wards were arranged along the length of the rooms and were
separated by equal spaces. Depending on their location, rooms in the
clinic extended either north-south or east-west. If patients in beds along
the north walls became ill we were often inclined to regard chilling as a
significant factor. However, on the next occasion those along the south
wall would become ill. Many times those on the east and west walls would
become diseased. Often the disease spread from one side to the other,
so that no one location seemed better or worse. How could these events
be explained, given the same patterns did not appear in the second clinic
where one encountered the disease only sporadically?

| was convinced that the greater mortality rate at the first clinic was due
to an endemic but as yet unknown cause. The fact that the newborn,
whether female or male, also contracted childbed fever convinced me that
the disease was misconceived. | was aware of many facts for which | had
no explanation. Delivery with prolonged dilation almost inevitably led to
death. Patients who delivered prematurely or on the street almost never
became ill, and this contradicted my conviction that the deaths were due to
endemic causes. The disease appeared sequentially among patients in the
first clinic, Patients in the second clinic were healthier, although individuals


working there were no more skillful or conscientious in their duties. The
disrespect displayed by the employees towards the personnel of the first
clinic made me so miserable that life seemed worthless. Everything was in
question; everything seemed inexplicable; everything was doubtful. Only

the large number of deaths was an unquestionable reality.

The reader can appreciate my perplexity during my first period of service
when |, like a drowning person grasping at a straw, discontinued supine
deliveries, which had been customary in the first clinic, in favor of deliveries
from a lateral position. | did this for no other reason than that the latter
were customary in the second clinic. | did not believe that the supine
position was so detrimental that additional deaths could be attributed to
its use, But in the second clinic deliveries were performed from a lateral
Position and the patients were healthier. Consequently, we also delivered
from the lateral position, so that everything would be exactly as in the
second clinic.

| spent the winter of 1846-47 studying English. | did this because my
predecessor, Dr. Breit, resumed the position of assistant, and | wanted to
spend time in the large Dublin maternity hospital. Then, at the end of
February 1847, Dr. Breit was named Professor of Obstetrics at the medical
school in Tubingen. | changed my travel plans and, in the company of two
friends, departed for Venice on 2 March 1847.

On 20 March of the same year, a few hours after returning to Vienna, |
resumed, with rejuvenated vigor, the position of assistant in the first clinic. |
was immediately overwhelmed by the sad news that Professor Kolletschka,
whom | greatly admired, had died in the interim.

The case history went as follows: Kolletschka, Professor of Forensic
Medicine, often conducted autopsies for legal purposes in the company
of students. During one such exercise, his finger was pricked by a student
with the same knife that was being used in the autopsy. | do not recall
which finger was cut. Professor Kolletschka contracted lymphangitis and
phlebitis in the upper extremity. Then, while | was still in Venice, he died
of bilateral pleurisy, pericarditis, peritonitis, and meningitis. A few days

===== Screenshot (384) -- Page 221 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

before he died, a metastasis also formed in one eye. I was still animated
by the art treasures of Venice, but the news of Kolletschka’s death agitated
me still more. In this excited condition | could see clearly that the disease
from which Kolletschka died was identical to that from which so many
hundred maternity patients had also died. The maternity patients also
had lymphangitis, peritonitis, pericarditis, pleurisy, and meningitis, and
metastases also formed in many of them. Day and night | was haunted by
the image of Kolletschka's disease and was forced to recognize, ever more
decisively, that the disease from which Kolletschka died was identical to
that from which so many maternity patients died.

Earlier, | pointed out that, autopsies of the newborn disclosed results
identical to those obtained in autopsies of patients dying from childbed
fever. | concluded that the newborn died of childbed fever. | concluded that
the newborn died of childbed fever, or in other words, that they died from
the same disease as the maternity patients. Since the identical results were
found in Kolletschka’s autopsy, the inference that Kolletschka died from the
same disease was confirmed. The exciting cause of Professor Kolletschka’s
death was known; it was the wound by the autopsy knife that had been
contaminated by cadaverous particles. Not the wound, but contamination
of the wound by the cadaverous particles caused his death. Kolletschka was
not the first to have died this way. | was forced to admit that if his disease
was identical with the disease that killed so many maternity patients,
then it must have originated from the same cause that brought it on in
Kolletschka. In Kolletschka, the specific causal factor was the cadaverous
particles that were introduced into his vascular system. | was compelled
to ask whether cadaverous particles had been introduced into the vascular
systems of those patients whom | had seen die of this identical disease. |
was forced to answer affirmatively.

Because of the anatomical orientation of the Viennese medical school,
professors, assistants, and students have frequent opportunity to contact
cadavers. Ordinary washing with soap is not sufficient to remove all
adhering cadaverous particles. This is proven by the cadaverous smell
that the hands retain for a longer or shorter time. In the examination of
pregnant or delivering maternity patients, the hands, contaminated with
cadaverous particles, are brought into contact with the genitals of these
individuals, creating the possibility of resorption. With resorption, the
cadaverous particles are introduced into the vascular system of the patient.
In this way, maternity patients contract the same disease that was found in
Kolletschka.

Suppose cadaverous particles adhering to hands cause the same disease
among maternity patients that cadaverous particles adhering to the knife
caused in Kolletschka. Then if those particles are destroyed chemically, so
that in examinations patients are touched by fingers but not by cadaverous
particles, the disease must be reduced. This seemed all the more likely,
since | knew that when decomposing organic material is brought into


contact with living organisms it may bring on decomposition,

To destroy cadaverous matter adhering to hands | used chlorine liquida.
This practice began in the middle of May 1847; | no longer remember
the specific day. Both the students and | were required to wash before
examinations. After a time | ceased to use chlorina liquida because of its
high price, and | adopted the less expensive chlorinated lime. In May 1847,
during the second half of which chlorine washings were first introduced, 36
patients died—this was 12.24 percent of 294 deliveries. In the remaining
seven months of 1847, the mortality rate was below that of the patients in
the second clinic.

===== Screenshot (385) -- Page 223 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Louis Pasteur, the Germ Theory, and the
Science of Microbiology

Louis Pasteur was born in Dole in eastern France, a tanner's son. He attended
school at Arbois and Besancon with grades sufficient to be recommended for
taking the entrance exam for the prestigious Ecole Normale Superieure in Paris.
Pasteur failed to pass the exam on his first attempt but his second try was
successful. His academic path started with the physical sciences; he did very well
in his first degree and progressed to a dual doctorate in physics and chemistry
with a major in crystallography.

Five avenues of investigation defined Pasteur's scientific and research
methods:

1. Skill and tenacity as a researcher

2. Microscopy

3. The uniqueness of the chemistry of life

4, Ability to capitalize on raw luck

5. High public impact from his research

In 1849 Pasteur took a position with the University of Strasbourg as a

professor of chemistry, continuing to study asymmetry of crystals and reveled in
his growing scientific reputation. Pasteur's personal situation changed following
his marriage to Marie Laurent, the daughter of the rector of the university
who gave devoted and practical support to his career. Six years later, Pasteur

moved to the University of Lille as dean of the new Faculty of Science, with a
mi


ion to support the university's goal of joining teaching and research with the
participation of local industries through the application of science. Pasteur taught

bleaching, refining, and brewing, although his research continued to investigate
asymmetric compounds and their optical properties.
Pasteur’s interest in the chemistry of living organisms directed his


investigations of fermentation, particularly the part played by yeast in the
production of alcohol. In 1857 Pasteur published the results of research on lactic
acid, which was a common by-product of abnormal fermentation, and on amyl
alcohol. Pasteur was convinced that the asymmetric optical properties of amyl
alcohol came from the process of fermentation, which confirmed his belief that it
was a product of living creatures.

Pasteur's beliefs flew in the face of accepted dogma that fermentation was a
chemical process. In 1860 Pasteur was called back to Ecole Normale to be director
of scientific studies. At this time he published a significant study that showed
unequivocally that fermentation was in fact a biological phenomenon. Pasteur
then redirected his microscopic studies from crystal structures to looking at wine
fermenting and sour milk, observing that yeast and other “ferments,” which
historically had been looked at as large molecules, were in fact yeast that had
changed shape during fermentation—thus confirming that yeast were living cells
or their “germs.”

Pasteur’s view that fermentation was a biological process rather than a
chemical reaction, pulled him into a high profile public debate with Felix-
Archimede Pouchet, who was a vocal supporter of the theory of spontaneous
generation that states that life can begin from nothing.

Pouchet spoke out in support of the theory of spontaneous generation until
the end of 1850s. Pasteur first spoke out against the theory in February 1860,
and then published a prize winning essay arguing that life always arose from
existing life. Pasteur used fermentation and decomposition (putrefaction) in
infusions of natural organic substances as his growth medium. Pasteur always
maintained that new life in the laboratory was always due to contamination by

===== Screenshot (386) -- Page 225 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

living ferments, Pouchet still argued that they could arise spontaneously without
contamination.

The two scientists joined in a scientific duel, sharing experimental results
and polemics, in which fine matters of technique in sterilization were mixed
with reflections on the religious implications of whether life was constantly
being created. Pasteur sided with the view that life had been created in the
“distant past by God's creation” and could not arise simply by mixing inorganic
materials and physical forces. The contest was decided in Pasteur's favor and
against spontaneous generation, not only through the emerging consensus of the
scientific community, because in a highly unusual move judgments in Pasteur’s
favor were awarded by committees of the French Academy of Sciences.

The controversy drew Pasteur toward new and unusual investigation of
disease in animals and humans. Medical doctors had long posed that the
development of fevers and septic infections were similar to fermentation and
putrefaction; thinking of these processes as a result of invasion by living
organisms or their “germs,” rather than a chemical process, posed new and highly
controversial questions. Initially, the connection between small unseen organisms
and disease was a theory. However, Pasteur was able to successfully package the
idea as the “germ theory of disease.”

The term “germ” carried the message that the organisms were protein, widely
dispersed in the environment (in air, water and soil), and potentially infectious
via multiplication. The designation “theory” inferred that the germ's connection
to disease was still to be proved. Typical of Pasteur's method of thinking,
he employed practical applications of his germ theories of fermentation and
putrefaction by demonstrating that by heating wine to 50C, one killed the yeast
cells and prevented the deterioration of wine to vinegar—the same process used
to prevent milk from spoiling became known as “pasteurization.”

The most highly regarded medical use of Pasteur's germ theories were

employed by Joseph Lister, a British surgeon, who posed that septic infection of
wounds was due to contamination of the wound, either surgical or traumatic,
by putrefying germs and developed methods of antisepsis. Lister became a
vociferous supporter of the wider use of germ theories to all infections and
contagious diseases, while always crediting Pasteur for the basic discovery.

In 1865 Pasteur’s reputation for successfully applying science to solve
common problems caused the French government to draft him to head a team
to investigate a devastating disease in the silk industry. After three years of
investigation, Pasteur showed that the disease was caused by a parasite, and
changes in management were produced to keep the silk worms parasite and
germ-free and healthy.

Pasteur's broad success continued to give more exposure to germ theories
for the genesis of disease. Because of wide public interest in the germ theory,
medical investigators across the world incorporated the germ theory into their
research procedures and private medical practices,

Pasteur suffered his first stroke that produced a partial paralysis on his left
side and which continued for the remainder of his life. However, the stroke did
not slow the energy or pace of his research; in fact, Pasteur enjoyed the most
productive time of his career following the stroke.

Pasteur's first study of an infectious disease was one that was primarily a
threat to the French livestock: anthrax, although on rare occasions it could also
infect humans.

The bacterial cause of anthrax was established by Robert Koch in 1876.
Although Pasteur questioned Koch's experimental procedures, he is famous for
his creation of a vaccine for anthrax by using the principle employed for creating
the vaccine for smallpox, which is that contracting a mild infection can protect
against a more serious infection.

===== Screenshot (387) -- Page 227 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

The anthrax bacillus (Bacillus anthracis) is an anaerobic bacteria, one that
flourishes in a low oxygen environment, so Pasteur reduced the virulence of the
bacillus by exposing it to the oxygen in open air. In the laboratory trials Pasteur
was immediately successful. He then took his “attenuated” vaccine to Pouilly-le-
Fort near Paris in 1881.

Twenty-five sheep were vaccinated and twenty-five sheep were used as
unvaccinated controls. Two weeks later, all fifty sheep were inoculated with viable
anthrax bacillus—germs! A majority of the vaccinated sheep survived and almost
all of the unvaccinated sheep died of anthrax.

In addition to providing an immediate benefit for the French farmer,
Pasteur's success demonstrated that vaccination can be employed to defend a
population against all infectious diseases. Pasteur was immediately “lionized” at
the International Medical Congress in 1881 and was blessed with the continuing
support of the French government.

Pasteur's prestige continued to grow as he successfully took on more
complicated projects, including the production of a post-exposure vaccine for
rabies. While rabies is rare in a human population, it produced a high public


anxiety because no one survived the disease—once symptoms of clinical rabies
appeared, a predictable path to a horrible death was inevitable,

Pasteur and his team produced rabies in laboratory dogs and rabbits. The early
trials of the vaccine on dogs were successful and were then tested on humans for
safety. The idea was to use the extended incubation period of the rabies virus to
help the patient build up a defense, an immunity to the causative virus before
irreversible symptoms and death occurred.

The first public trial was Joseph Meister, a boy who had been bitten by a rabid
dog in eastern France. The boy was brought to Paris by his parents who had
read of Pasteur's attempts to find a cure for rabies. The boy survived and the
vaccine was used on a second rabies infected boy with great success. Following

the release of these successes to the public in 1885, rabies victims from France,
Europe and around the world came to Pasteur's laboratory for the treatment.

The popular press of the day made Pasteur's rabies cure a front page story,
lauding him as one of the greatest scientists and humanitarians of the time and
whose research was destined to deliver man from the terrors of epidemics of
infectious diseases—germs had been defeated!

Additional awards and rewards flowed to Pasteur, but the greatest of them
was a public grant to fund an institution to pursue his research on a grand scale.
A grand opening of the Pasteur Institute occurred in November 1888.

At his death in 1895, Louis Pasteur was viewed as a French national hero
and an international celebrity. He was best known to the general public for his
research and public service in the science of infectious disease. To academia,
Pasteur was an icon in the fields of stereochemistry, the biological basis of
fermentation. Pasteur personally defeated the theory of spontaneous generation,
proved the germ theory of infectious disease, and proved the economic benefits
and human safety benefits of laboratory research.

Pasteur's elevated public image is thought to be due to a combination of self-
promotion and well-respected skills in the theory and practical application of the
science of microbiology.

When Louis Pasteur conducted his famous experiment in 1859, the idea that
germs could infect and make people sick and even kill them was generally
accepted, although it was meeting extreme resistance from those who still
believed in the theory of spontaneous generation.

Pasteur's experiments finally answered the question of whether spontaneous
generation is possible. He created flasks of broth covered with filters or fitted
with narrow, downward-curving stems that admitted air but excluded the tiniest
of organisms and particles—and these devices failed to grow bacteria by
spontaneous generation.

===== Screenshot (388) -- Page 229 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Robert Koch, disturbed by “physician's new and widespread belief that all
disease was caused by infectious organisms,” established a set of postulates that
needed to be satisfied before one could say that a disease was caused by an
infectious organism:

1. An organism must be isolated from a patient with the disease

2. The suspected agent must be able to be grown on artificial medium

3. The pure organism must injected into a susceptible host and the disease
reproduced

4. The agent must be able to be re-isolated from the infected susceptible
host

5. The agent collected from the experimentally infected host must be
able to be grown on an artificial medium and identified as the original
organism

After satisfying all of the postulates the recovered organism can with
confidence can be called the causative agent.

Pasteur apparently enjoyed success because he lived his own and frequently
quoted maxim:

“In the fields of observation, chance favours only prepared minds.”
—Louis Pasteur

Quoted from a speech at the University of Lille, 1854


Alexander Fleming and the Discovery of Antibiotics

When Scottish biologist Alexander Fleming returned from his 1928 summer
vacation, he noticed a mold growing in one of his culture dishes of bacteria.

The bacterial population covered the surface of the growth media except for a
bacteria-free zone around the mold. Fleming deduced correctly that the “molds
juice” was toxic to the pathogenic Staphylococcus spp.

Fleming understood very well the potential of the agent he called penicillin.
He retested the new drug against additional disease causing organisms with
positive results. However, the mold was difficult to grow and the active drug was
difficult to isolate. Ten years later during World War Il Allied governments joined
forces and found a way to solve the manufacturing problems and determined
that the mechanism of action of the antimicrobial substance was the prevention
of the development of the bacterial cell wall.

In the middle of the 20th century, the pharmaceutical industry produced
numerous families of antibiotics. These rapidly replaced the old standbys of
tincture of iodine, hydrogen peroxide, and grandma's collection of herbs, colloidal
silver, and aroma therapy oils that had been employed as wound disinfectants
and systemic killers of germs for centuries, in some instances they had used for
millennia—particularly against bacteria.

In the decades following World War Il, “super-bugs” appeared that had
adapted and biochemically learned how to survive treatments with the new
antibiotics. The “miracle drugs” that had been created by the pharmaceutical
giants were defeated by single celled organisms. A common example of these
successful germs is known as Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA).

According to the Centers for Disease Control, each year in the United States,
94,000 patients, contract MRSA infections. Of these 19,000 patients, almost
20%, die.

‘A 1998 study published by the Centers for Disease Control stated that
American doctors annually inflict 2 million infections upon American hospital
patients and 90,000 of these infected patients die each year.

===== Screenshot (389) -- Page 231 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

‘A common bowel bacteria, Clostridium difficile, infected 87,000 and killed
30,000 American hospital patients in 1993. The annual infection numbers in
American hospital patients from “C. diff" rose to 487,000 by 2010, a 400 percent
increase in 17 years, hardly a sign that doctors were vigorously trying to solve
problems.

“Taming the new drug-resistant pathogens requires ever more toxic,
expensive, and time consuming therapies, such as a class of last resort
antibiotics called carbapenems, which must be administered intravenously

in hospitals. In the United States alone, fighting drug-resistant infections
costs up to eight million additional patient hospital days at a cost of $34
billion every year. .. Now, the emergence in India of a particularly nasty
form of antibiotic-resistant bacteria, which renders even the last-resort
drugs obsolete could bring about an era of unstoppable infections..."

—The Economist (March 31, 2011)

===== Screenshot (390) -- Page 233 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

CHAPTER SIX


Viruses

We live in a dancing matrix of viruses; they dart, rather like bees, from

organisms to organisms, from plant to insect to mammal to me and back
again... passing around heredity as though (drugs) at a great party.
—Lewis Thomas
The Lives of a Celt


were able to see them. The discovery begins in 1883 with Adolf Mayer, a German
biologist who was investigating the cause of tobacco mosaic disease.

Tobacco-mosaic disease depresses the growth of tobacco plants and produces
a mottled or mosaic coloration of the plants leaves. Mayer proved that the disease
was infectious by transmitting it from plant to plant by spraying sap extracted
from diseased leaves onto healthy plants. He searched for a bacterial microbe in
the infectious sap, but he couldn't find any. Mayer originally deduced that the
disease was caused by an extremely small form of bacteria that could not be seen
with the microscope.

Mayer's small bacteria theory was tested ten years later by Dimitri lvanowsky,
a Russian who passed infective sap derived from infected tobacco leaves through
a small pore filter designed to filter out bacteria. However, after the sap was
passed through the filter it still produced mosaic disease.

In 1897 Martinus Beijerinck, a Dutch botanist, found that the infectious agent
in the filtered sap could reproduce. Beijerinck sprayed tobacco plants with the
filtered sap and found that after the exposure, these plants developed mosaic
disease. He then used their sap and could infect more plants, and he continued
this process through a series of infections. Beijerinck reasoned that the pathogen
must be reproducing and increasing its numbers because its ability to cause
mosaic disease was undiluted after multiple transfers from plant to plant.

It was then determined that the mosaic disease pathogen could reproduce
only in the host organism, and it could not be grown in artificial nutrient
media in test tubes or petri dishes. The pathogen could not be inactivated by
alcohol, which is usually deadly for bacteria, Beijerinck correctly deduced that
the reproducing particle must be smaller and more simple than bacteria. His
beliefs were confirmed in 1935 by Wendell Stanley, an American biologist who
crystallized the infectious particle now called the tobacco mosaic virus.

The History of Smallpox and Early Vaccination

The early practice called variolation to protect people from small pox has been
used in cultures throughout human history and was common among African
tribes. The concept of pre-exposure prophylaxis was first brought to colonial
‘America by slaves. This practice of inoculation by placing the fluid from a “pox”
sore from a person with smallpox into the skin of a healthy person was highly
controversial in the colonies in the beginning of the 18th century. But it was
soon widely adopted when it was documented that persons treated in this way

===== Screenshot (391) -- Page 236 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

generally had a mild case of the otherwise highly contagious and lethal disease
with a 20-30 percent rate of mortality and could escape from the severe facial
disfigurement the disease is known for.

According to historian Elizabeth Fenn in her book Pox Americana (published
in 2001), the Western hemisphere was attacked by two smallpox pandemics just
before and during the American Revolutionary War.

The smaller of the two pandemics is thought to have begun just outside of
Boston in early 1774 and smoldered in that location for several years, killing
an average of ten to thirty people per day. In Boston the Declaration of
Independence was relegated to second place as an event of public interest behind
a city-wide smallpox vaccination campaign.

The smallpox virus pandemic spread as far south as Georgia. It decimated the
Tsalagi (the group of Native Americans often called the “Cherokee,” which is a
slightly insulting term created by their historical enemies, members of the Creek
Confederation) and the Haudenosaunee, the indigenous name for the six nations
that made up what the Europeans named the Iroquois League). Both groups
of Native Americans were allies of the British, and after the epidemic neither
recovered sufficiently to fight the colonists successfully. Smallpox also derailed
the British plan to raise an army of Black slaves and indentured servants with the
promise of freedom after the war ended. The smallpox killed off almost all of the
“Ethiopian regiment” as they were being recruited and trained

Because of their relative isolation from Europe, the colonists were almost as
susceptible to smallpox infection and death as the Native Americans. So many
soldiers in the Continental Army fell ill during the epidemic that their leaders
worried that smallpox would cause their revolt to grind to a halt.

“The small Pox! The small Pox!” John Adams wrote to his wife, Abigail. “What
shall we do with it?” His concerns were quite correct; it was the virus, not the
British army, that had stopped the Continental Army's excursion into Quebec in

1776. Fenn noted, “One of George Washington's most brilliant moves, was to
inoculate the army against the smallpox virus, during the Valley Forge winter of
1778" Fenn went on to say, “Without inoculations, the smallpox epidemic could
have easily handed the colonies back to the British.”

During his apprenticeship, Edward Jenner, a country physician overheard a
local milk maid pass on a “folk belief” that as a milk maid she would never suffer
the disfiguring facial scars of smallpox. She was excited because she believed she
would never suffer from the typical scars of small pox because she already had
contracted cowpox, a minor affliction common to dairy maids.

Years later, in 1796, Jenner collected pus from a cowpox lesion from the arm
of a local milk maid and applied it to the skin of an eight year old boy. Eight
weeks later Jenner exposed the boy to smallpox. The child remained well because
cowpox was similar enough to smallpox to stimulate a cross-i


munity.

According to Medicine: A Treasury of Art and Literature: “Jenner (1749-1823)
possessed acute powers of observation that were usually spent bird-watching,
and he gained admission to the Royal Society of London through a paper on
omithology. He noted that the bowed, broad back of a fledgling cuckoo for
twelve days formed the perfect nest for the egg of the hedge sparrow, ready to
hatch when the cuckoo was ready to fly. The story of the milk maid Sarah Nelmes
and Jenner's vaccine guinea pig, James Phipps is well known. Less familiar is
Jenner's attribution of cowpox to ‘grease’ and groomsmen.”

Over the next few years, Jenner published further experiments, supplying the
cowpox “vaccine” and promoting his vaccination techniques to physicians around
the world:

The deviation of man from the state in which he was originally placed by
nature seems to have proved to him a prolific source of diseases. From the
love of splendor, from the indulgence of luxury, and from his fondness for

===== Screenshot (392) -- Page 237 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

amusement he has familiarized himself with a great number of animals,
which may not originally have been intended for his associates.

The wolf, disarmed of ferocity, is now pillowed in the lady's lap. The cat,
the little tiger of our island, whose natural home is the forest, is equally
domesticated and caressed. The cow, the hog, the sheep, and the horse, are
all, for a variety of purposes, brought under his care and dominion.

There is a disease to which the horse, from his state of domestication,
is frequently subject. The farriers call it the “grease.” It is an inflammation
and swelling in the heel, from which issues matter possessing properties
of a very peculiar kind, which seems capable of generating disease in
the human body (after it has undergone the modification which | shall
presently speak of), which bears so strong a resemblance to the smallpox
that | think it highly probable it may be the source of the disease.

In this dairy country a great number of cows are kept, and the office
of milking is performed indiscriminately by men and maid servants. One
of the former having been appointed to apply dressings to the heels of
a horse affected with grease, and not paying due attention to cleanliness,
come particles of the


incautiously bears his part in milking cows,
infectious matter adhering to his fingers. When this is the case, it
commonly happens that a disease is communicated to the cows, and from
the cows to dairy maids, which spreads through the farm until the most
of the cattle and domestics feel its unpleasant consequences. This disease
has obtained the name of cow-pox. It appears on the nipples of the cows in
the form of irregular pustules. At their first appearance they are commonly
of a palish blue, or rather of a colour somewhat approaching to livid, and
are surrounded by an erysipelous inflammation. These pustules, unless a
timely remedy be applied, frequently degenerate into phagedenic ulcers,
which prove extremely troublesome. The animals become indisposed, and

the secretion of milk is much lessened. Inflamed spots now begin to appear
on different parts of the hands of the domestics employed in milking,
and sometimes on the wrists, which quickly run on to suppuration, first
assuming the small vesications produced by a burn.

Most commonly they appear about the joints of the fingers and at their
extremities; but whatever parts are affected, if the situation will admit,
these superficial suppurations put on a circular form, with their edges more
elevated than their centre, and of a colour distantly approaching to blue.
Absorption takes place, and tumours appear in each axilla. The system
becomes affected— the pulse is quickened; and shiverings, succeeded by
heat, with general lassitude and pains about the loins and limbs, with
vomiting, come on. The head is painful, and the patient is now and then
even affected with delirium.

These symptoms, varying in their degrees of violence, generally
continue from one day to three or four, leaving ulcerated sores about the
hands, which, from the sensibility of the parts, are very troublesome, and
commonly heal slowly, frequently becoming phagedenic, like those from
whence they sprung. The lips, nostrils, eyelids, and other parts of the body
are sometimes affected with sores; but these evidently arise from their
being heedlessly rubbed or scratched with the patient's infected fingers. No
eruptions on the skin have followed the decline of the feverish symptoms
in any instance that has come to my inspection, one only excepted, and in
this case a very few appeared on the arms: they were very minute, of a vivid
red colour, and soon died away without advancing to maturation; so that
| cannot determine whether they had any connection with the preceding
symptoms.

Thus the disease makes its progress from the horse to the nipple of the
cow, and from the cow to the human subject.

===== Screenshot (393) -- Page 239 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Morbid matter of various kinds, when absorbed into the system, may
produce effects in some degree similar; but what renders the cow-pox virus
so extremely singular is that the person who has been thus affected is
forever after secure from the infection of the smallpox; neither exposure
to the variolous effluvia, nor the insertion of the matter into the skin,
producing this distemper.

The more accurately to observe the progress of the infection | selected a
healthy boy, about eight years old, for the purpose of inoculating for the
cow pox. The matter was taken from a sore on the hand of a dairymaid, who
was infected by her master’s cows, and it was inserted on the 14th day of
May, 1796, into the arm of the boy by means of two superficial incisions,
barely penetrating the cutis, each about an inch long.

On the seventh day he complained of uneasiness in the axilla and on the
ninth he became a little chilly, lost his appetite, and had a slight headache.
During the whole of this day he was perceptibly indisposed, and spent the
night with some degree of restlessness, but on the day following he was
perfectly well.

The appearance of these incisions in their progress to a state of
maturation were much the same as when produced in a similar manner by
variolous matter. The difference which | perceived was in the state of the
limpid fluid arising from the action of the virus, which assumed rather a
darker hue, and in that of the efflorescence spreading round the incisions,
which had more of an erysipelatous look than we commonly perceive when
variolous matter has been made use of in the same manner; but the whole
died away (leaving on the inoculated parts scabs and subsequent eschars)
without giving me or my patient the least trouble.

In order to ascertain whether the boy, after feeling so slight an affection
of the system from the cow-pox virus, was secure from the contagion of the
smallpox, he was inoculated the 1st of July following with variolous matter,
immediately taken from a pustule. Several slight punctures and incisions
were made on both his arms, and the matter was carefully inserted, but no.
disease followed. The same appearances were observable on the arms as
we commonly see when a patient has had variolous matter applied, after
having either the cow-pox or smallpox. Several months afterwards he was
again inoculated with variolous matter, but no sensible effect was produced
‘on the constitution.

Vaccination with cowpox became mandatory in Bavaria, Denmark, and in
Prussia and Britain in 1853. Some American states also began to require the
vaccination with cowpox by mid-century.

Jenner's vaccination concept was an important step toward reducing the
global threat of infectious diseases. Vaccination made early childhood safer.

In the 1960s, worldwide health organizations promoted a campaign to
eradicate smallpox epidemics. The last natural case of smallpox occurred in
Somalia in 1977, and the World Health Assembly certified the eradication of
smallpox in 1980.

Pasteur’s Remarkable Work on the Vaccine for Rabies

Louis Pasteur (1822-1895) was the first to connect alcoholic fermentation to the
metabolism of yeast rather than “spontaneous generation;” however, it was his
work with silk worm diseases, anthrax epidemics, and his high profile and widely
publicized work with rabies that immortalized him. On March 1, 1886 Pasteur
presented the promising results of his development of the treatment of a rabies

===== Screenshot (394) -- Page 241 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

vaccine for humans to the French Academy of Sciences and called for a creation of
a rabies vaccine center, initiating the founding of the Pasteur Institute. His 1885
experiment to vaccinate humans with a vaccine created for dogs was a decision

made at considerable legal risk and danger to his career:

We announced a positive advance in the study of rabies in the papers
appearing under my own name and under the names of my fellow-
workers; this was a method of prevention of the disease. The evidence
was acceptable to the scientific mind, but had not been given practical
demonstration. Accidents were liable to occur in its application.

Of twenty dogs treated, | could not render more than fifteen or sixteen
refractory to rabies. Further, it was desirable, at the end of the treatment,
to inoculate with a very virulent virus—a control virus—in order to confirm
and reinforce the refractory condition. More than this, prudence demanded
that the dogs should be kept under the observation during a period
longer than the period of incubation of the disease produced by the direct
inoculation of this last virus. Therefore, in order to be quite sure that the
refractory state had been produced, it was sometimes necessary to wait
three or four months. The application of the method would have been very
much limited by these troublesome conditions.

Another objection was that the method did not lend itself easily to the
emergency treatment rendered necessary by the accidental and unforeseen
way in which bites are inflicted by rabid animals.

It was necessary, therefore, to discover, if possible, a more rapid method.
Otherwise who would have the temerity, before this progress had been
achieved, to make any experiment on man?

After making almost innumerable experiments, | have discovered a
prophylactic method which is practical and prompt, and which has already

in dogs afforded me results sufficiently numerous, certain and successful,
to warrant my having confidence in its general applicability to all animals,
and even to man himself.

This method depends essentially on the following facts:

The inoculation of the infective spinal cord of a dog suffering from ordinary
rabies under the dura mater of a rabbit, always produces rabies after a
period of incubation having a mean duration of about fifteen days.

If, by the above method of inoculation, the virus of the first rabbit is
passed into a second, and that of the second into a third, and so on, in
series, a more and more striking tendency is soon manifested towards a
diminution of the duration of the incubation period of rabies in the rabbits
successively inoculated.

After passing twenty or twenty-five times from rabbit to rabbit,
inoculation periods of eight days are met with, and continue for another
interval, during which the virus is passed twenty of twenty-five times from
rabbit to rabbit. Then an incubation period of seven days is reached, which
is encountered with striking regularity throughout a new series extending
as far as the ninetieth animal. This at least is the number which | have
reached at the present time, and the most that can be said is that a slight
tendency is manifested towards an incubation period of a little less than
seven days.

Experiments of this class, begun in November, 1882, have now lasted for
three years without any break in the continuity of the series, and without
our ever being obliged to have recourse to any other virus than that of the
rabbits successfully dead of rabies. Consequently, nothing is easier than to
have constantly at our disposal, over considerable intervals of time, a virus
of rabies, quite pure, and always quite or very nearly identical. This is the
central fact in the practical application of the method.

===== Screenshot (395) -- Page 243 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

The virus of rabies at a constant degree of virulence is contained in the
spinal cords of these rabbits throughout their whole extent.

If portions, a few centimeters long, are removed from these spinal
cords with every possible precaution to preserve their purity, and are
then suspended in dry air, the virulence slowly disappears, until at last,
it entirely vanishes. The time within which this extinction of virulence is
brought about varies a little with the thickness of the morsels of spinal
cord, but chiefly it is related to the external temperature. The lower the
environmental temperature the longer is the virulence preserved. These
results constitute the central scientific point in the method.

These facts being established, a dog may be rendered refractory to
rabies in a relatively short time in the following way: Every day morsels
of fresh infective spinal cord from a rabbit which had died of rabies
developed after an incubation of seven days, are suspended in a series of
flasks, the air in which is kept dry by placing fragments of potash at the
bottom of the flask. Every day also a dog is inoculated under the skin
with a Pravaz syringe full of sterilized broth, in which a small fragment
of one of the spinal cords has been broken up, commencing with a spinal
cord far enough removed in order of time from the day of the operation
to render it certain that the cord was not at all virulent. (This date had
been ascertained by previous experiments.) On the following days the same
operation is performed with more recent cords, separated from each other
by an interval of two days, until at last, a very virulent cord, which has only
been in the flask for two days, is used.

The dog has now been rendered refractory to rabies. It may be
inoculated with the virus of rabies under the skin, or even after trephining,
on the surface of the brain, without any subsequent development of rabies.

Never having once failed when using this method, | had in my

possession fifty dogs, of all ages and of every race, refractory to rabies,
when three individuals from Alsace unexpectedly presented themselves at
my laboratory, on Monday the 6th of last July.

Theodore Vone, grocer of Meissengott, near Schlestadt, bitten in the
arm July 4th by his own dog, which had gone mad.

Joseph Meister, aged 9 years, also bitten on July 4th at eight o'clock in
the morning by the same dog. This child had been knocked over by the
dog and presented numerous bites on the hands, legs, and thighs, some of
them so deep as to render walking difficult. The principal bites had been
cauterized at eight o'clock in the evening of July 4th, only twelve hours
after the accident, with phenic acid, by Dr. Weber, of Ville.

The third person, who had not been bitten, was the mother of little
Joseph Meister.

At the examination of the dog, after its death by the hand of its master,
the stomach was found full of hay, straw, and scraps of wood. The dog
was certainly rabid. Joseph Meister had been pulled out from under him
covered with foam and blood.

M. Vone had some severe contusions on the arm, but he assured me that
his shirt had not been pierced by the dog's fangs. As he had nothing to fear,
| told him that he could return to Alsace the same day, which he did. But |
kept young Meister and his mother with me.

The weekly meeting of the Academie des Sciences took place on July
6th. At it | met our colleague Dr. Vulpian, to whom | related what had
just happened. M. Vulpian, and Dr. Grancher, Professor in the Faculté de
Médecine, had the goodness to come and see little Joseph Meister at once,
and to take note of the condition and the number of his wounds. There
were no less than fourteen.

===== Screenshot (396) -- Page 245 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

The opinion of our learned colleague, and of Dr. Grancher, was that,
owing to the severity and the number of the bites, Joseph Meister was
almost certain to take rabies. | then communicated to M. Vulpian and to
M. Grancher the new results which | had obtained from the study of rabies
since the address which | had given at Copenhagen a year earlier.

The death of this child appearing to be inevitable, | decided, not without
lively and sore anxiety, as may well be believed, to try upon Joseph Meister
the method which I had found constantly successful with dogs...

Consequently, on July 6th, at 8 o'clock in the evening, sixty hours after
the bites on July 4th, and in the presence of Drs. Vupian and Grancher,
young Meister was inoculated under a fold of skin raised in the right
hypochondrium, with half a Pravaz syringeful of the spinal cord of a rabbit,
which had died of rabies on June 21st. It had been preserved since then,
that is to say, fifteen days in a flask of dry air.

In the following days fresh inoculations were made. | thus made thirteen
inoculations, and prolonged the treatment to ten days. | shall say later on
that a smaller number of inoculations would have been sufficient. But it
will be understood how, in the first attempt, | would act with a very special
circumspection ...

On the last days, therefore, | had inoculated Joseph Meister with the
most virulent virus of rabies, that namely, of the dog, reinforced by passing
a great number of times from rabbit to rabbit, a virus which produces rabies
after seven days incubation in these animals, after eight to ten days in
dogs...

Joseph Meister, therefore, has escaped, not only the rabies which would
have been caused by the bites he received, but also the rabies with which
| have inoculated him in order to test the immunity produced by the
treatment, a rabies more virulent than ordinary canine rabies.

The final inoculation with very virulent virus has this further advantage
in that it puts a period to the apprehensions which rise as to the
consequences of the bites. If rabies could occur it would declare itself more
quickly after a more virulent virus than after the virus of bites. Since the
middle of August | have looked forward with confidence to the future good
health of Joseph Meister. At the present time, three months and three
weeks have elapsed since the attack and bites, his state of health leaves
nothing to be desired...

The Search for a Vaccine for Polio

In the mid~1800s, polio began to appear: in 1835 in the UK, in 1841 in Louisiana,
in 1844 on the island of St. Helena, and between the 1880s and 1890s in
Scandinavia. Through the next 50 years polio in its paralytic form spread through
Europe and the United States.

The clinical path of polio was different than the epidemics of the plague,
cholera, typhus, and typhoid fever. It killed few, but left many paralyzed and
disabled. Polio was a new and confusing epidemic causing parents to keep their
children inside rather than leaving them to play outside.

In 1908 polio was proven to be caused by a virus that primarily afflicted the
central nervous system. By 1910, polio was recognized as a serious health threat.
In 1916 the reports of polio increased by 400 percent. New York City alone
reported 9,000 infected children that produced 2,343 deaths.

Investigations showed that before the 1980s children throughout the world
had been infected with a mild non-paralytic strain of polio virus that produced an
immunity to the more aggressive strains of the virus. By the early part of the 20th
century public health projects in the industrialized world reduced the exposure

===== Screenshot (397) -- Page 247 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

to the polio virus by putting chlorine in public and private swimming pools and
water supplies. These conditions produced the paradox that children coming from
well-scrubbed middle class communities were more likely to be infected by the
aggressive paralytic strains of the polio virus than those kids who were raised in
less desireable, congested, and low income neighborhoods.

At the time, the standard method of viral propagation for vaccine production
was in chicken eggs and non-human primates. Initially it was felt that a successful
polio vaccine would require a recipe that contained more than one strain of the
virus. A loose typing committee was formed that included both Jonas Salk and
Albert Sabin to identify the various strains of the polio virus. Both Salk and Sabin
were already working on polio vaccines. Salk was in favor of using killed viruses,
and Sabin was in favor of employing attenuated or weakened virus.

In 1948, during one of the gatherings of the typing committee, Salk ventured
to suggest that the public would be better served if the committee got on with
producing vaccines and increasing the general population's immunity to the virus
rather than trying to understand the various strains of the polio virus:


| was suggesting that our purposes might be better served by testing
an unknown virus's capacity to immunize, rather than worrying about its
capacity to infect. Albert Sabin sat back and turned to me and said, “Now,
Dr. Salk, you should know better than to ask a question like that.’ It was like
being kicked in the teeth. | had offered an oblique challenge to one of the
assumptions, you see, and now | was being put in my place. | could feel the
resistance and the hostility and the disapproval. | never attended a single
one of those meetings afterward without that same feeling.

In 1948 John Enders, an American virologist working at Harvard University
Medical School, developed a method for growing the polio virus in human
cell cultures, which eliminated the need for non-human primates for vaccine

production and of greater importence the cultured virus lost its capacity to
produce the clinical form of polio. In 1954 Dr. Enders and two of his students,
Thomas Weller and Frederick Robbins, were awarded the Nobel Prize in
physiology and medicine.

The AIDS Epidemic

In the 1980s, the medical community recognized that “there was a new virus in
town,” a new epidemic that destroyed the host's immune system. Over a period
of 20 years, 16 million humans perished from the infection and an additional
33 million had developed a chronic infection of what was soon to be identified
as HIV, the human immunodeficiency virus that produced AIDS (Acquired
Immunodeficiency Deficiency Syndrome).

On June Sth, 1981, the Centers for Disease Control (CDC), reported in its
journal, Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report, that five young male homosexuals
had been diagnosed with a type of pneumonia usually associated with immune
deficiency. A month later, the CDC published a follow-up report that described
26 cases of Kaposi's sarcoma in 26 homosexually active males. These tumors
were common occurrences in organ transplant patients being given immune
suppressive drugs. By May 1985, 10,000 active cases of AIDS were reported. Most
of the infected individuals died within two years after diagnosis.

The isolation of the HIV virus was reported in 1983 independently by
two different laboratories which produced an ongoing war between the two
laboratories for decades.

Robert Gallo, an American, was one of the discoverers. He worked for
the Ni
Institutes of Health referred to the controversy between the two groups as “an


nal Cancer Institute which is a member organization of the National

acrimonious controversy involving legal, moral, ethical, and societal questions

===== Screenshot (398) -- Page 250 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

that soon spilled over into the world of scientific research and threatened
to poison relationships between scientists, as well as between the research
community and the general public.”

Luc Montagnier, a respected member of the Pasteur Institute in Paris, who
later became the director of the Center for Molecular and Cellular Biology at
Queens College in New York, was Gallo's scientific opponent.

It eventually was agreed upon by both the Gallo and the Montagnier camps
that the AIDS virus was passed on through infected blood and body fluids. Gallo
created a test to identify subclinical carriers of the AIDS virus, but the French
group refused to use it as a screening test for the safety of transfused blood
which resulted in the death of more than 300 hemophilia patients that had
been given contaminated blood. These events led to criminal trials in France that
resulted in the convictions and imprisonment of four heathcare employees.

Eventually, Jonas Salk, Peter Duesberg, Michigan Congressman John Dingell,
the Office of Inspector General at the U.S Department of Health and Human
Services, and various news reporters, including John Crewdson of the Chicago
Tribune and Jon Cohen of Science magazine, jumped into the AIDS war.

While all of this controversy over the cause of AIDS, and who was going to get
credit for isolating the virus and share in the royalties generated by the blood
tests was grinding on, few if anyone recognized the breaking research of Dr.
Will Taylor, associate professor in the Department of Medicinal Chemistry in the

College of Pharmacy, from the University of Georgia at Athens, Georgia.

Through a detailed analysis of the genetic code of the human
immunodeficiency virus (HIV), Dr. Taylor and his group discovered new viral
genes. A translation of the genetic message in several of these genes showed that,
the proteins they encode have a requirement for the trace mineral selenium. Dr.
Taylor's analysis showed that one of these proteins could be a regulatory protein
that acts as a master switch that would control the replication of HIV—a switch
that could be regulated with selenium supplementation.

Dr. Taylor theorized that the supplementation of selenium could then slow
the progression of AIDS, by reducing its replication rate and aggressive cell
invasion. This would explain the long and highly variable latency period between
HIV infection and AIDS, the declining selenium status of HIV-positive and AIDS
patients, the route of transmission of HIV, and why some HIV-positive patients
have never developed AIDS even after ten years

Dr. Taylor demonstrated quite clearly that supplementation of the trace
mineral selenium could prevent the HIV virus from mutating into clinical AIDS.

Over a ten-year period Dr. Gerhard Schrauzer spent great efforts to educate
HIV and AIDS researchers of the potential benefits of selenium supplementation
in HIV and AIDS patients. Schrauzer has published several arguments on the
mechanism of how selenium could work on retroviral systems.

===== Screenshot (399) -- Page 252 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

CHAPTER SEVEN


Prions

The earth is not flat, the sun does not rotate around the earth, and prions
cannot be infectious if they cannot satisfy Koch's postulates! Continuing
to defend the theory that BSE and CJD are caused by and transmitted by
prions is akin to defending the theory that “life and disease are the result of
spontaneous generation”!
—Dr. Joel D. Wallach
Lecture Series, AD 2000

Viruses are small, simple nucleic acid molecules. They are giants compared to
“viroids" which are small molecules of naked circular RNA that typically infect
plants. Viroids are only several nucleotides long. Viroids do not encode proteins
but can replicate in host plant cells by using the hosts cellular enzymes. The
RNA molecule of the viroid disrupts the metabolism of the plant host and stunts
the verticle growth of the plant. One viroid disease in coconut palms from the
Philippines has killed more than ten thousand trees.

There is a theory that supports the existence of an infectious protein that are

called “prions.” Prions are theorized to cause a variety of degenerative brain and
spinal cord diseases in vertebrate animals including “scrapie” in sheep, mad cow
disease in cattle, and Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease in humans.

One theory poses that a prion is a mis-folded form of a protein normally
found in brain cells. Stanley Prusiner was awarded the 1997 Nobel Prize for
his prion research. However, there is not general acceptance that a prion is an
infectious protein that can produce disease by itself because this theory remains
controversial.

In the late 19th century enzootic ataxia was a common disease in
Australian lambs and adult sheep. The disease was first scientifically described
and published in the Australian veterinary journals in 1932. The disease is
characterized by poor coordination, weakness, and demyelinating lesions in the
spinal cord. This has been reported in Western Australia, South Australia, and
Victoria.

In addition to neurological symptoms and lesions found in enzootic ataxia,
there is also a loss of wool quality known as “straight steely" wool. Further
investigation showed that sheep producing steely wool were in fact showing
clinical effects of a copper deficiency. It was also demonstrated that breeding
ewes with steely wool resulted in lambs being born with enzootic ataxia. In fact,
maps have been created that have documented effects of copper deficiency, such
as ataxia in lambs, steely wool in adult sheep, and copper deficiency in plants.

Copper deficiency enzootic ataxia can present in lambs from the time of birth
to about four months of age. In England most of the lambs have been afflicted at
birth, but some do not show ataxia symptoms until two weeks up to six weeks of
age.

Bovine spongiform encephalitis, popularly known as BSE (Bovine Spongioform
Encephalitis) or “Mad Cow Disease,” is believed to be transmitted from one animal
to the next and to humans by an infectious “agent” referred to as a prion. In

===== Screenshot (400) -- Page 253 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

humans, the disease was originally known as Kuru (thought to be passed on from
one human to the next by the practice of mortuary cannibalism) or Creutzfeldt-
Jacob Disease when acquired by eating “contaminated beef.”

The normal cellular form of prion protein (PrPc) is generally thought to be a
precursor to the pathogenic protease-resistant forms (PrPsc) believed to cause
scrapie (thought to be a long incubation viral encephalopathy of sheep), bovine
spongiform encephalopathy (BSE), and Creuttzfeldt-Jacob disease in humans. Its
amino acid terminus contains the octapeptide PHGGGWGQ, which is repeated
four times and is among the best-preserved regions of mammalian PrPc.

The amino-terminal domain of PrPc exhibits five to six sites that bind copper
(Cu(t!)) presented as a glycine chelate. At neutral pH, binding occurs with positive
cooperativity, with binding affinity compatible with estimates for extracellular,
labile copper. Two lines of independently derived PrPc gene-ablated (Prnp of
©) mice exhibit severe reductions in the copper content of membrane-enriched
brain extracts and similar reductions in synaptosomal and endosome-enriched
subcellular fractions.

Despite the mass of accumulated biochemical and structural information
describing prions, Koch's Postulates have not been fulfilled because transmission
attempts from positively diagnosed cattle and humans to susceptible species
have universally failed. BSE and CJD are therefore copper deficiency diseases and
are not infectious diseas


Most reported cases of BSE in cattle are reported in the United Kingdom in
the southern one third of the island and predominantly in dairy cattle. Now,

how does an infectious organism determine which cow is a dairy cow and which
cow is a beef cow? Attempts to satisfy Koch's postulates for BSE and CJD
have been abysmal failures—literally thousands of attempts were performed
by juicing the brains of “infected” cattle and injecting them into the brains of
healthy cattle with no positive signs of transmission. Extracts of Creutzfeldt-
Jacob Disease brains from “infected” humans have been injected into primates,
including chimpanzees and monkeys, and these attempts have failed to transmit
the disease. Thus they have failed to satisfy Koch's postulates.

It is obvious that the brain lesions in sheep afflicted with enzootic ataxia,
a known copper-deficiency disease, are identical to the brain lesions in cattle
afflicted with BSE and also to the brain lesions in humans afflicted with CJD.
The preponderance of the cases of BSE in cattle and CJD in humans are typically
diagnosed in geographical areas where the soils are copper deficient.

Itis also common for humans with CJD to be afflicted with concurrent copper
deficiency signs, symptoms, and diseases, for example with white, gray, or silver
hair and vitaligo, wrinkles, connective tissue disease, anemia, hypothyroidism,
spider veins, varicose veins, hemorrhoids, and aneurysms.

Continuing to defend the theory that BSE and CJD are caused by and
transmitted by prions is akin to defending the theory that scurvy and pellagra
were caused by germs, and that life and disease are caused by spontaneous
generation!

===== Screenshot (401) -- Page 256 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

PART

3

The Birth, Development, and
Expression of the Genetic Theory

of Life, Disease and Death

===== Screenshot (402) -- Page 257 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

CHAPTER EIGHT


Darwin and Mendel

In biology, Darwin and Mendel came to define the 19th century as the
era of evolution and genetics; Watson and Crick defined the 20th century
as the era of DNA (and the double helix), and the functional understanding
of how genetics and evolution interact. But in the 21st century it is the new
scientific discipline of epigenetics that is unraveling so much of what we took
as dogma and rebuilding it in an infinitely more varied, more complex and
even more beautiful fashion.
—Nessa Carey, PhD
University of Edinburgh

There was, it is true, a moment early in the twentieth century when
it seemed possible that Darwinism might be toppled. As Mendel and his
theory of genetics were rediscovered, spread rapidly, and were accepted and
enlarged upon, some thought that genetics was incompatible with Darwin.
But after the First World War, Ronald Fisher showed that it was possible to

reconcile Darwin and Mendel. Indeed, said Fisher, “Mendelism supplied the
missing parts of the structure erected by Darwin.” Darwin showed the what
of evolution and the why, of natural selection. Now Mendel had produced
the how, genetics. This was reinforced when Hermann Joseph Muller showed
that genes are artificially mutable. Thanks to Fisher and Muller and others,
such as J, B. S. Haldane, by the 1930s, Darwin-Mendelism was triumphant.
The way was then open for James Watson and Francis Crick to discover the
double helix structure of DNA. So on to the genome and the present infinite
possibilities of the science.
—Paul Johnson
Darwin: Portrait of a Genius

All agree that no other scientific theory in history has created as much debate
and controversy as Charles Darwin's theory of evolution. Prior to Darwin's theory,
the prevailing belief was that the planet Earth was 6,000 years old and that
the various species on Earth had no relationship to one another. It was thought
that humans were unique and superior to all other organisms and that plant and
animal physiology had no relationship to human physiology.

The Life and Work of Charles Darwin


Charles Darwin's paternal grandfather, Erasmus Darwin (1731-1802), finished
Cambridge and then trained as a physician in Edinburgh and set up a successful
practice in Litchfield. Stories of his skills as a physician reached the court of
King George Ill, who invited him to London to become the royal doctor. Dr.
Darwin chose not to accept this offer since he was content with his successful

practice and his hobbies of poetry and science. The symbol of Dr. Darwin's broad

===== Screenshot (403) -- Page 258 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

interests was his coach, which he personally designed. It contained a writing desk,
a skylight, and a portion of his library, thus furthering his intellectual interests
while traveling on his professional rounds.

Dr. Erasmus Darwin's mind was “omnivorous.” He was interested in basic
science and he constructed a personal maxim: “Any man who never conducts an
experiment is a fool.” He read widely, in French as well as English, and two of
his favorite writers were Buffon and Lamarck, who were early supporters of the
theory of evolution. He spent time with and wrote frequently with Rousseau. He
attended brain storming sessions with industrialists and inventors, including Watt
and Boulton, and his deep scientific interests included botany and animal studies.

With success as a physician he was able to purchase a small acreage and
planted an eight-acre experimental garden He wrote and published a two-part
poem titled The Botanical Garden, covering “The Economy of Vegetation” and
“The Loves of the Plants.”

The poem was well received and highly praised by Horace Walpole and
translated into French, Italian, and Portuguese. He broadened the readership
of his poem in a prose work, Phytologia; or, The Philosophy of Agriculture and
Gardening (1799), which is full of speculation concerning the generative life of
plants,

It was, however, his report entitled Zoonomia, Or The Laws of Organic Life
(1794-96), that is his crowning glory for contributions to science. In it he posited
an expanded theory on the age of the earth that was a generation before Charles
Lyell's geological studies established a theoretical geological age, and Darwin
theorized accurately on the successive phases of life that emerged and on its
“essential unity.” He wrote: “As the earth and ocean were probably peopled with
vegetable productions long before the existence of animals, and many families
of these animals long before other families of them, shall we conjecture that one
and the same kind of living filaments is and has been the cause of all organic life?”

The term "living filament” was a profound utterance in 1794, although surely
Erasmus Darwin had probably used the term for many years before he put it to
the pen. His use of the term “filament” shows that he was aware of the physical
anatomy of the chromosome—as a double helix filament! He had never heard
the term “genetics,” but he knew that information was being passed on from one


generation to the next.

Erasmus Darwin was married two times and had three sons by his first wife.
The first son became a top medical student at Edinburgh but died from an
infection received while dissecting in the anatomy laboratory; the second was a
flourishing lawyer, but unfortunately committed suicide. The third son, Robert,
attended Edinburgh, graduated as a physician and practiced in Shrewsbury, and
became one of the wealthiest general practitioners of medicine in England. He
was a man who traveled in academic circles and was a Fellow of the Royal Society.
This man was the father of Charles Darwin. Erasmus Darwin had four sons and
three daughters, His daughter, Violetta, married Tertius Galton and gave birth to
Francis Galton, a polymath of genius who designed the science of eugenics.

Eugenics was a concept where one could by “selective breeding” accelerate
evolution and produce a race of super humans. This pursuit eventually became a
double-edged sword.

Joseph Priestley, one of Erasmus Darwin's friends, was a minister and
theologian described as an Arminian, socinian, and an atheist. He was most
widely known for his research as an experimental chemist and as the discoverer
of oxygen.

On occasion, Priestley’s writings were publically burned, but his person had
never been attacked until the onset of the French Revolution. In a weak,
thoughtless moment, he described his political views in Letters, published in
1790, as “Grains of Gunpowder" for which his opponents were “providing the
match.” This caused his friends and enemies alike to refer to Priestley as

===== Screenshot (404) -- Page 261 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

“Gunpowder Priestly.” It was a time of “Constitutional Societies” that were
established to support the French Revolution and agitate for similar reforms
in England. Conversely, there were Church-and-King organizations created to
oppose them.

On July 14, 1791, Priestley was invited to address a meeting in Birmingham
to commemorate the anniversary of the Fall of the Bastille. He was warned
of the possibility of a personal attack so he turned down the invitation. When
they learned that Priestley had cancelled, a Church-and-King mob surrounded
his house at Fairhill near Birmingham and burned it, destroying nearly all of his
books, scientific apparatus, and papers.

Priestley escaped with his life, however. Order was not restored for three days
and four rioters were hanged. Priestley received compensation and supporters
helped him resettle in London.

Priestley never felt safe again, and


1794 he packed all of his belongings
and moved to New York. The attack on Priestley and enforced exile of Priestley
became a defining event in the Darwin family and in the lives of their dissenting
and unorthodox friends.

Charles Darwin was severely affected by this and became more defensive than
his grandfather and his father. What terrified Charles Darwin was the religious
aspect of the attack on Priestley by the Church-and-king mob. It left Darwin with
a high awareness and lifetime fear of the possible results of offending the "tender
consciences of Church of England clergymen, who might then be inspired to stir
up a mob to burn and kill.”

Tales of the cry of the mob, who were said to have called out “No philosophers
—Church and King forever!” and “Burn the atheists!” continued to echo in his
mind and fray his nerves. These events contaminated his life and work at a level
of concern that had unrelenting consequences.

Dr. Robert Darwin, father of Charles, was a man of strong intellect. The force

of his medical skill came from his intuitive penetration during which he used
visual and observational powers and probed subjects with pin-pointed questions.
Essentially, his diagnostic technique was the same as that used by Dr. Joseph Bell,
the famous surgeon who mentored the young physician Arthur Conan Doyle, who
went on to create the character of Sherlock Holmes.

Robert Darwin's genius was inspired by his immediate and personal physical
contact with the patient, on the first visit, during the first diagnosis, and which


continued on subsequent visits and at every stage of the course of the condition.
With these methods Dr. Robert Darwin came to intimately understand disease.
It is said that he looked into and through his patients and was able to inspire
in them, almost without exception, a confidence in his capacity to cure them in
a manner that was widely considered miraculous. After completing his medical
studies in Leyden, he began his medical practice at the age of twenty and was an
immediate success—his first year’s fees supported a servant and two horses, and
his practice grew every year for sixty years.

Dr. Robert Darwin abhorred many of the injurious practices of the medical
community, for instance, the use of blistering (topical application of liquid
mercury) as well as purging (oral dosing of liquid mercury), and bleeding
(bloodletting). In fact he hated the sight of blood, “a horror that he passed on to
his son.” Itis said that the best doctors in the early nineteenth century were those
who physically did least, and Robert Darwin was one of them. As an alternative he
provided wisdom and sensibility.

Charles Darwin was born on February 12, 1809, at The Mount in Shrewsbury,
the substantial house his father had built. It was “a vintage year for great men
—also born were, Tennyson and Gladstone, and Lincoln.” Napoleon cast a giant
shadow over Europe and Madison was being inaugurated as the fourth president
of the United States.

===== Screenshot (405) -- Page 263 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Charles Darwin had a happy and favored childhood. He loved and respected
his father, and he grew up in the magical environs of his father's house, gardens
and fields. His family life was well-organized and many servants pampered him.
Darwin was born a gentleman when the term had a social meaning and a legal
status as a lord and land holder.

Darwin's uncle, Josiah Wedgewood II, purchased a 1,000 acre estate at Maer
in Staffordshire. This estate was the breeding ground of Darwin's fascination with
riding, shooting, and collecting. The British game laws were strict and rigorously
enforced, and one had to be a landholder to shoot wildlife. Darwin's family status
allowed him to shoot and hunt, a practice he greatly enjoyed. Darwin wrote, “I
became passionately fond of shooting & I do not believe that anyone could have
shown more zeal for the most holy cause than | did for shooting birds.”

Darwin distained cruelty, yet shooting for sport and collection of birds
cultivated his interest in science. He dropped hunting as a sport in his early
forties, although he continued his hunting to catch, kill, and dissect large
numbers of insects, invertebrates, birds, and animals in his thirst for knowledge.

The 1809 news that would have been of the most interest to the adult Darwin
was the news that a naturalist and artist, John James Audubon, had successfully
banded pewees near Pittsburgh, proving that migratory birds return to nest to
the very place where they were hatched.

In 1831 the British naturalist Charles Darwin embarked on his famous voyage
on the H.MS. Beagle that took him around the world for the purpose of
documenting and cataloging new species. Darwin returned to England in 1836
and began compiling his observations into a book.

One of his more interesting observations was when Darwin sailed the Beagle
to the east coast of South America in 1833. He recorded a fine red dust
accumulating on his ship each day and correctly deduced that the dust had
originated in west Africa. This African dust in its westerly flight travels all the way

to the rainforests in the Amazon where it is essential to the annual replenishment
of the rain-leached, mineral-poor soils of the rainforests.

Man has always realized the enormity of the great and tireless power of the
earth's winds; however, their importance to the biological vitality of the earth and
the mineral value of our food is far beyond a level that we have ever dreamed.
There are many wind currents, east to west, which transport great loads on
mineral-laden dust across predictable routes, “linking ecosystems hundreds and
even thousands of miles apart.” Billions of tons of mineral-rich dust from the
deserts of Asia and Africa fertilize oceans and rainforests halfway around the
world. Columbus knew of these winds and used them to drive his ships into the
New World, but it was Darwin who knew that the windborne minerals fertilized
the world.

Michael Garstang, professor of meteorology at the University of Virginia
in Charlottesville, stated, “During the violent Amazonian rainstorms, the
particulates that originate in the African deserts are literally sucked out of the
sky.” Garstang and his colleagues calculate that 13,000,000 tons of African and
Asian mineral-rich dust invigorates the depleted and rain leached Amazonian
soils each rainy season.

The wind-borne African dust adds essential minerals to help maintain the
rainforests productivity. “While the Amazon Basin teems with life, the soil itself
lacks reserves of nutrients, especially phosphates, which spur plant growth. The
historical record shows that the Amazon rainforest periodically shrunk to a
fraction of its 20th century size, then rebounded again, and the researchers now
believe that it expands and contracts as the volume of African dust waxes and
wanes with mirror changes in the Sahara Desert.”

When there was a draught in Africa, the resultant dust fertilized and expanded
the oceans and the Amazon forests. When there was great rainfall in Africa

===== Screenshot (406) -- Page 265 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

the reduction in dust volume caused the ocean fauna and the Amazon forests’
biomass to contract.

The observations of numerous individuals in the early 19th century led to a
theory that came to be known as the “cell theory”—the idea that cells are the
building blocks of all life.

When Germans Matthias Schleiden and Theodor Schwann presented their
findings in 1838, the science and practice of biology changed forever.

According to the cell theory, cells are the smallest forms of life and all living
organisms are composed of cells. Furthermore, only pre-existing cells can create
cells—new cells do not arise spontaneously or come from another source.

Schleiden based his research on the work of Scottish botanist Robert Brown,
who had discovered the cell nucleus. It was Schleiden, however, who understood
the true importance of the nucleus and its role in the development of the
complete cell. At the same time, Schwann was studying animal cells and trying


to work out a puzzle: why did certain structures in animal and plant cells look so
similar?

It was Schleiden’s observations of the nucleus that gave the biologist the
answer. As both plant and animal cells contain a nucleus, Schleiden postulated
that cells must be the building blocks of life.

The primary difference between plant and animal cells is that animal cells have
flexible walls allowing for malleability and different shapes while plant cells have


rigid walls. Also, the chloroplasts in plant cells enable the plants to utilize the
sun's light energy to activate photosynthesis, the process that extracts CO, from
the atmosphere to generate carbon chains and carbon-based substances, such as
carbohydrates, sugars, vitamins, amino acids, and fatty acids.

Charles Darwin published his life's work and observations in his book, On the
Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection in 1859 (the title of the sixth
edtion of 1872 was changed to The Origin of Species). Darwin surmised that all life

on Earth is related by a process of inheritance—a conclusion he arrived at after
years of traveling the world studying plants and animals.

Darwin understood that individual organisms vary widely in their capacity to
survive and reproduce. An example would be that a sudden drop in environmental
temperature occurs, and most individuals of a species die from hypothermia
because they can't tolerate a precipitous drop in temperature. But individuals of
that species that can tolerate a rapid drop in temperature survive, reproduce and
flourish. As long as the ability to adapt to rapid temperature drops is heritable,
the trait is passed on to future generations, and greater numbers of individuals
inherit the trait and one variation of the original population will flourish and
increase in numbers.

When various populations of a species are separated and isolated by distance
or geographical barriers of mountains, rivers, islands, deserts, and so forth, they
are faced with a wide and different variety of catastrophic events. After long
periods of time, such as decades or centuries, the individuals with common
ancestors that have acquired the traits necessary to survive through heritance,
will eventually become a separate and distinct subspecies.

Darwin came up with the theory of natural selection. Darwin as a
contemporary of Mendel never knew of Mendel and never understood the
principals of the science of “genetics,” but he did develop three basic principles
that have been confirmed through genetic studies:

1. Variation is random and unpredictable.
2. Variation is heritable (able to be transmitted from one generation
to the next.) Mendel's pea research and thousands of genetic studies

over the past 100 years have confirmed heritability. Heritable genetic
transmission has been confirmed by DNA “fingerprinting” techniques.

===== Screenshot (407) -- Page 267 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

By using DNA fingerprinting techniques one can trace heritable genetic
variation for such things as “paternity testing.”

3. Variation changes in frequency over time. The Hardy-Weinberg
principle codified this concept through the prism of population genetics
in the early 1900s. Since the 1970s, genetic studies employing
DNA sequencing confirmed that genetic variation within populations
changes through mutation and geographic isolation.

The Life and Work of Gregor Mendel

In 1856, in a small walled garden of the Agustinian monastery of St. Thomas in
what is now Brno, Czech Republic, the abbot constructed a greenhouse to house
experiments in plant breeding. Gregor Mendel, a young teacher who had just
returned from studies at the University of Vienna, was appointed to tend the
experimental gardens. Between 1855 and 1863, Mendel uncovered the scientific
explanation of biological inheritance through hybridization of the common
garden pea (Pisum sativurn).

Over nine years of hybridization studies of controlling the Anlagen or
"foundations" for particular traits, and the use of more than 10,000 plants,
Mendel outlined a theory based on elements, eventually to be known as “genes,”
that were carried in the pea’s reproductive cells.

Johann Mendel, born July 22, 1822, was the only son of Rosine Schwirtlich, a
gardener’s daughter, and Anton Mendel, an ex-Austrian army soldier who made a
living as a peasant farmer.

He was raised in the town of Heizendorf in the northeastern section of
Moravia. His parents were peasants scratching a living on a small farm. The town
was a small German-speaking, God-fearing community. It was a very poor place,

and even farmers who were fortunate enough to own small pieces of land, as
Mendel's father did, were subject to the robota.

The robota was a form of institutionalized forced labor (serfdom) that
represented the last fragments of the ancient European feudal system. The 20th
century word robot has its origins from the Czech author Karel Capek who
described how peasants of the day lived.

Under the robota system, Mendel’s father was allowed to cultivate his own
fruit trees and fields for four days each week; on the other three he was required
to work for the local land owner. This was Mendel's future: “a life spent on the
farm and in the fields, a life of physical labor and drudgery, as much for the
landlord as for himself, a life of brawn, not brain.”

The land holder that Anton Mendel owed robota was Maria Walburga, Grafin
Truchsess von Waldburg-Zeil, who rewarded the people under her jurisdiction by
providing a school for their children that was located at her chateau in the town
of Kunin.

In 1802 Father Johann Schreiber was removed from his post as director of
the school in Kunin and demoted and sent to a small village of Gross-Petersdorf
as a parish priest, who was also to be responsible for Heinzendorf. It was in this
small school where Johann Mendel and his sister Veronika, and his younger sister
Theresia all began their education.

The famous naturalist, Christian Carl Andre, who would become a founding
member of the Brun Association for Sheep-Breeders, had been employed as an
instructor at the institute that was the model for Father Schreiber's school in
Kunin. Andre supported the priest's plan in the teaching of natural science, and
‘Schreiber was a founding member of the Pomological (fruit-breeders) Association
of Brno and member of the Brno Agricultural Society. Out of the Agricultural
Society, a splinter society, The Society for Natural Science formed.

===== Screenshot (408) -- Page 269 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Thirty years later, it was to a meeting of The Society for Natural Science that
the priest, Gregor Mendel, would read his famous paper on inheritance in the
common garden pea.

Father Schreiber grew a small garden next to the school in Heinzendorf and
used it to teach gardening and plant grafting. It was here that Johann Mendel
learned of pollination and seed germination and the basic knowledge and skills of
a plant-breeder.

Father Schreiber seemed to be everywhere in young Johan's life: He bay
Mendel, he tutored Mendel, and on September 12, 1834, he filled out the
entry and application from the baptismal register for the then fourteen-year-old


Johan's admission to the Gymnasium at Troppau .

Admission to the Gymnasium was a turning point in Johann Mendel’s life. As
the only son of a peasant farmer he had now committed himself to six years of
formal education at Troppau. He would live away from home and no longer be
able to help on the family farm and would additionally be a drain on the family's
meager resources. He entered the Gymnasium on December 15, 1834,

Mendel's parents saved the funds to send him to the Gymnasium in Troppau
until he was sixteen, after which he financed himself by giving private lessons. At
Troppau, Mendel lived on half-board (bed and a single meal each day) as that was
what the collective family could afford. They also sent by carrier, on an irregular
basis, home-grown vegetables to supplement his basic meals.

During the winter of 1838/39, Mendel's father had a near-death logging
accident that resulted in internal injuries and broken ribs, and at Pentacost of
1839 Johann temporarily left his schooling and returned to the farm.

In 1840, at the age of eighteen, Mendel entered into the Philosophy Institute
at Olmutz that was a preparatory college of the university. In support of Mendel,
his younger sister actually paid for his tuition with part of her dowry and proceeds
from the sale of the family farm.

On July 14, 1843, Professor Friedrich Franz, a physicist, as well as a member of
the holy orders, wrote to a friar:

Honored Colleague and very dear Friend!

‘As a result of your letter of June 12, | have made known to my pupils the
Right Reverend Prelate’s decision to accept satisfactory candidates at your
institution. Up to now, two candidates have given me their names, but | can
only recommend one of them. This is Johann Mendel, born at Heinzendorf
in Silesia.

On September 7, 1843, Mendel traveled to Brunn to be given a medical
examination by a Dr. Schwarz in anticipation of his admission to the
‘Augustinian Order. He was found to be perfectly healthy—on the 27th of
September he was transferred from the diocese of Olmutz to that of Brunn,
and on October 9, 1843, he was admitted to the convent of the Agustinians
as a novice under the name of Gregor—he was now Gregor Mendel!

At the age of twenty one, Mendel entered into a religious order to
pursue his scholarly ambitions. His fascination with science resulted in
Mendel studying meteorology, bee culture and plant heredity along with
teaching physics and natural history at Brunn’s Oberrealschule.

Mendel chose the garden pea as his research plant because it was
self-fertilizing which favored the production of pure breeding varieties,
“immune to accidental cross-pollination because of the keel-shaped
anatomy of the pea flower, (thus) tightly enclosing the reproductive
structures.”

Before Mendel started his pea hybridization studies he made sure
that all of the traits he wanted to study were consistently expressed by
growing thirty-four varieties side by side for two years, then to ensure
that the crosses between varieties were correct he used the technique

===== Screenshot (409) -- Page 271 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

of artificial fertilization: the removal of the male organs from the flower
to prevent self-pollination, then followed by the introduction of pollen
from another variety. His goal had been “to obtain new variants” through
further understanding of “the development of hybrids in their progeny.” It
was through his statistical approach to variation that he demonstrated his
originality as a scientist.

During the two years of study at the University of Vienna, Mendel
learned that the reproduction of phanerogams (flowering plants) is
produced by the union of one germinal cell (female) and one pollen cell
(male) into a single cell. He rejected the prevailing theory that the pollen
cell alone was the origin of the plant embryo. This belief was the very basis
of his new analysis of variation.

At the recently opened Institute of Experimental Physics, where he
attended lectures and courses on practical plant propagation, the director
was the famous physicist Christian Doppler, the discoverer of the Doppler
Effect. After only two years of study Doppler died and was replaced
by Andreas von Ettingshausen. In 1826 Ettingshausen had published
a textbook entitled Combinatorial Analysis. It is exactly this branch of
mathematics, the study of combinations, patterns, and probabilities, that
Mendel used to form his analysis of hybridization of the common garden
pea.

In July of 1852 Mendel wrote to a fellow friar:
Dear Anselm,

It is a nuisance that | am once more short of under-linen. No one is in
greater need of new under-linen than | am, for of the dozen shirts | brought
with me to Vienna as many as 12 are frayed and in holes. Will you please
ask Frau Smekal to spend 6 florins in buying linen for 5 shirts, and to get to

work upon making them as soon as possible, so that I can at least have one
new shirt for the exercises. Would it not be a scandal if the new man | shall
become in consequence of the pious exercises were to go about in a frayed
shirt? How ashamed | should be if | (Apocalypse: Stantes amict stolis albis
—they stood clothed in white raiment) had to parade in torn vesture! The
Herr Prelate has already notified me that | am to officiate at the exercises
during the last week of hujus. Since, as you know, the lectures at the
university finish on the 20th, and in this matter it would be stupid of me to
try to piss in the wind's eye, | have fixed the date of my return for Sunday
the 24th, and shall arrive at Brunn toward noon.

Peter Matous (Klacel) is, | suppose still in the primeval forests of Trubau.,
Lucky devil! Leopoldstadt—next week. If tomorrow I win 25,000 fl. As the
big prize in the lottery, | shall send a non-committal wire to Frau Smekal.
Look her up without fail in the evening! To our speedy and happy (?)
meeting!

Gregor

‘As an expert field botanist, Mendel understood how to recognize one species
from another on the basis of contrasting traits. In evaluating the changes
between generations of hybrids he followed the procedure of identifying hybrids
in terms of defined pairs of contrasting characteristics (traits) of color, size, and
shape of flowers and seeds to establish if they were related or variation occurred
independently.

In 1854 Mendel procured thirty-four different varieties of pea seeds from local
growers and then took two years of growing these peas to determine which
varieties would have the correct characteristics and be suitable research subjects.

===== Screenshot (410) -- Page 273 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Mendel was seeking to find examples of “constant differentiating
characters’— what is called “discontinuous variations” by 20th century
geneticists.

Because of his training in combinatorial analysis under Ettingshausen, Mendel
understood the mathematics of probability and outcome and asa result he chose
to use quantitative observations rather than qualitative for documenting his
research.

Mendel eliminated twelve varieties of peas from his research pool, leaving him
with twenty-two from which he ultimately chose seven for his research:

1, Smooth vs. wrinkled peas
2. Yellow cotyledons with yellow peas vs. green cotyledons with green
peas

3. White seed coats with white flowers vs. grey seed coats with purple
flowers

4, Smooth vs. constricted pods
5. Green vs. yellow pods

6. Axial vs. terminal flowers

7. Tall vs. dwarf plants

All twenty-two varieties were bred and reproduced during the entire duration
of the experiment in order to demonstrate they all consistently bred true. Mendel
chose the common garden pea (Pisum sativum) for his studies because it was self-
pollinating, meaning pollen from the pea flower covers the stigma from the same
flower before the flower bud opens, which guarantees that the peas that result
have the same male and female “parent.”

The large immature pea flowers were easy to open, so Mendel was able to

remove the nine anthers from each flower before they were mature in order
to prevent self-pollination. After the anthers are extracted, the flower can be
pollenated with pollen from another plant by means of a brush.

Mendel also used reciprocal crossing, which proved that both the male and
female contributed equally to the resulting hybrid pea. Following the pollination
process the flowers were covered with bags to prevent any chance of an
unwanted contaminating pollination.

Mendel observed that 100 per cent of the seven pairs of contrasting pea
characteristics that he studied segregated and recombined through successive
generations. He demonstrated that for all traits the first generation hybrid were
consistent in resembling one member of each contrasting pair of traits, i.e, all
first generation plants from a cross between green and yellow-seeded varieties
resulted in only yellow seeds, demonstrating that this was a dominant feature. He
observed that dominance was identical no matter the direction of the cross, that
is, yellow female, green male, and green male x yellow female.

All seven traits were sorting independently as they passed through the
generations. With a physicist's knowledge of probability and combination theory,
he had seen through nine generations of crosses the transfer of traits both
individually and in association with each other. Mendel had designed his research
“to deduce a law" and by the time of publication, he had proved to himself that
the law was as predictable as gravity.

Mendel came to understand that inheritance of characteristics was under the
replicable control of elements (“genes”) from each of the parents through the sex
cells into the offspring. He understood that there were two of these elements for
each characteristic, one each produced by the male and female parent.

In 1866 Gregor Mendel recorded and published an accumulation of the results
of his gardening experiments with peas. His classic landmark observations were
published in the scientific journal Versuche Pflanzen Hybriden, where it languished

===== Screenshot (411) -- Page 275 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

for almost forty years. Mendel sent copies of his printed works to two highly-
respected scientists. One copy remains missing and the second was found in an
unopened envelope—his peers never grasped the magnitude of his observations
and discovery.

Mendel's observations went unnoticed until botanist Hugo de Vries, Erich von
Tschermak, and Carl Correns rediscovered Mendel’s work. The three botanists re-
ran Mendel’s experiments and their results were identical. All three (four if you
include Mendel) “discovered” the laws of heredity.

Two years after Mendel had published his theory, the monastery's abbot died
and Mendel was elected to become the abbot. The added responsibilities diverted
him from the pea garden, and the hybrid research came to a halt by 1871.

In 1878 Mendel was visited by a horticulturalist from France. As the two
men walked through the gardens together Mendel showed the visitor labeled
varieties of fruit trees, hot house plants, and well-groomed vegetable gardens.
The vegetable gardens included “several beds of green peas in full bearing,
which he said he had reshaped in height as well as in type of fruit to serve his
establishment to better advantage.” When asked how he had created the new


variety, Mendel responded, “It is just a little trict

De Vries found Mendel’s work referenced in a paper published in 1881.
Through this study De Vries coined the term “mutation.” Focke, the author of the
1881 paper, summarized Mendel's findings. However, it doesn’t appear that Focke
had any idea of the magnitude or the scientific value of the information.

During the last decade of his life Mendel suffered from numerous
degenerative diseases. He was obese, a heavy smoker, suffered from high blood
pressure, dropsy, congestive heart failure, and progressive kidney failure.

But it appears that Mendel retained his famous humor until the end. In
December of 1883, he wrote to one of his students who had become a
meteorologist, “Since we are not likely to meet again in this world, let me take

the opportunity of wishing you farewell, and invoking upon your head all the
blessings of all the meteorological deities.” Mendel died early in the morning on
January 6, 1884.

Mendel was buried three days after his death. A requiem mass was celebrated
for him in the abbey church, the music conducted by the former pupil at the
abbey choir school. After his burial in the section of the public cemetery reserved
for the brothers of the Abbey of St. Thomas, his books were placed in the library
of the convent and his official letters in the archive. His personal papers, his hand-
written notes, and all of the records of his breeding experiments were taken out
to the hill behind the convent and burned!

There was no news release, no public indication that perhaps one of the
greatest scientists of all time had died.

Other Scientists Join the New Science
Established by Darwin and Mendel

De Vries correctly interpreted Mendel's research and referenced it in his own
paper, which was published in 1900. Within months, Tschermak and Correns also
discovered Mendel’s research through de Vries’ published works and indicated
that their own independent research confirmed Mendel's results.

When Mendel's lost works were rediscovered, they were considered an
alternative mechanism for the theory of evolution. De Vries was not satisfied with
the Darwinian theory of gradualism to fully explain natural selection. He was
searching for some support for his theory of evolution advancing in major leaps
or “saltations.” His own theories of mutations appeared to provide additional
support.

===== Screenshot (412) -- Page 277 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

William Bateson was extremely influential in the world of science. When
he read de Vries’ paper that referenced Mendel's work, and being very astute,
he knew that Mendel’s laws of inheritance were “revolutionary and absolutely
correct.”

Bateson became excited and became Mendel's voice in spreading word of
the new science. He coined the terms genetics, allele (shortened from the
original allelomorph), homozygote, and heterozygote. Bateson was additionally
recognized for his discovery of linkage, which was confirmed by Morgan and
Bridges.

It wasn’t until the 1920s and 1930s, after Morgan's theories of chromosomal
inheritance became universally understood and accepted, that researchers
offered a blend of both Darwinism and Mendelian thought.

Biologist J. B. S. Haldane and Sewell Wright brought forth the theory that
Mendelian genetics was the piece that Darwinian natural selection was missing
— "the new combination theory could account for the production, generation
after generation, of stable, inheritable variation on which natural selection could
work." Although Mendel had proposed this line of thinking in his classic paper, no
one at the time had been educated enough to understand the material and take
notice.

In 1902 an extremely original observation was made by a London physician,
Archibald Garrod. His report in the British medical journal The Lancet, entitled,
“The Incidence of Alkaptonuria: A Study in Chemical Individuality.”

Garrod saw many patients with the disease known as alkaptonuria, which was
characterized by patients excreting large amounts of homogentisic acid in their
urine. This substance turned black on contact with air so that the babies diapers
would be stained black, alarming the mothers.

Alkaptonuria was not a disease that the patient caught from someone else, so
was not a germ transmitted infectious disease, but rather was an “inborn error of

metabolism’—a term that he came up with in 1908—meaning it was an unusual
disease that was “inherited.”

Patients afflicted with alkaptonuria could not break down the amino acid
tyrosine, which led to the abnormal accumulation of an intermediate metabolite,
homogentisic acid. This non-lethal disease produced discoloration of the
cartilage that was visible on the nose and ears, and produced arthritis, heart valve
disease, and the black urine color.

Garrod postulated that this disease was an example of a rare recessive trait
inherited in the classic Mendelian theory. He also suggested other many other
recessive traits including albinism, a subject on which he published a book in
1909.

For the first time it was posited by Garrod that a gene biochemically allows
an enzyme to function or not to function in certain steps of metabolism when

he said: “. . . it will be seen that in the case of each of [the several known inborn


errors of metabolism] the most probable cause is the congenital lack of some
particular enzyme, in the absence of which a step is missed, and some normal
metabolic change fails to be brought about.”

At the Rockefeller Institute in New York, the Russian-born Phoebus Levene,
known for having collaborated with Kossel on nucleic acid at the early part of the
20th century, improved the analysis of nuclein, the gelatinous stuff in the nucleus.

Levene discovered the sugar deoxyribose and the linkage of these sugars
together through phosphate groups. The molecule contained the four bases that
Kossel had discovered: adenine, guanine, cytosine, and thymine. Bonded together
—phosphate-sugar-base— these components formed a compound that Levene
called nucleotide. He also discovered that the two forms of nucleic acid differed
in their sugar component—ribose in one and deoxyribose in the second: therefore
ribonucleic acid (RNA) and deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA).

===== Screenshot (413) -- Page 279 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

By the 1930s, George Beadle and Edward Tatum were vigorously investigating
the theory that enzyme deficiency produced a defect in a single metabolic
step and they determined that Garrod’s theory was in fact a law: each step
in a metabolic pathway was controlled by a specific enzyme molecule, and
each enzyme came from a specific gene that could be changed (“mutated”) by
exposure to X-rays—one gene: one enzyme. Enzymes were comprised of proteins,
so the theory evolved into one gene: one protein.

Once again, it should be understood that Thomas Edison ended thousands of
years of universal mineral supplementation that corrected mineral deficiencies of
the average peasant when he pulled the switch at 3:00 pm in the afternoon on
Monday, September 4th, 1882, on Pearl Street in New York City and opened up

the first commercial electric generating plant and the first generating station that
delivered 110 volts of direct current to 60 customers in lower Manhattan.

Edison lost the “War of the Currents” when alternating current became the
most user-friendly distribution system of electricity. Even though he lost the
distribution war, Edison's power distribution system was significant for several
reasons. First it established the potential commercial uses of such a system, and
secondly it forever fostered the replacement of wood as the universal fuel. And,
with the change to electrical power sources, it was the end of the historical source
of the dietary mineral supplements of wood ashes.

===== Screenshot (414) -- Page 281 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

CHAPTER NINE


The Genetic Transmission Theory

«+ (this) seems to show that the chromosomal substance, the chromatin,
is to be regarded as the physical basis of inheritance. Now, chromatin is
known to be closely similar to, if not identical with, a substance known as
nuclein, which analysis shows to be a tolerably definite chemical compound
composed of nucleic acid and albumin. And thus we reach the remarkable
conclusion that inheritance may perhaps be affected by the physical
transmission of a particular chemical compound from parent to offspring.

—E. B. Wilson (1895)
American cytologist

In 1678 a Dutch scientist, Anton Philips van Leeuwenhoek (1632-1723 AD),
reported to the Royal Society on the discovery of human spermatozoa, which
resembled myriads of worm-like animals. He wrote, "What | investigate is only
what, without sinfully defiling myself, remains as a residue of conjugal coitus.
And if your Lordship should consider that these observations may disgust or
scandalize the learned, | earnestly beg your Lordship to regard them as private

and to publish or destroy them as your Lordship thinks fit.”

The Early Research to Understand Chromosomes
and Our Genetic Inheritance

Van Leeuwenhoek eventually postulated that the microscopic creatures (sperm)
swimming in semen played a role in fertilization. Other scientists of the day
proposed that the sperm were simply parasites and had nothing to do with
reproduction.

Around 1677 van Leeuwenhoek and one of his students, Johan Ham, had
employed a 300-power microscope to examine semen. He referred to the sperm
in the semen as “animalcules" or “little animals,” supportive of his belief of the
theory of preformation, which postulated that the head of the sperm contained a
tiny, fully formed human.

A Dutch microscopist, Nicolaas Hartsoeker, claimed that he had seen
spermatozoa in 1674. However, he was unsure of his findings and believed
that the sperm were parasites. His famous drawing of a homunculus, or little
human, packed into the head of the sperm, supported the preformation theory.
Hartsoeker never claimed to have in fact seen homunculi, although others did
claim they had seen them.

Some investigators of the times theorized that homunculi in a sperm might
have smaller sperm of their own—in other words, a homunculi within a
homunculi, When investigators began to observe how internal organs in animals
such as chicks and human embryos gradually appeared during the development
of an embryo it was clear that preformation did not occur.

Today we are fully aware that the sperm cell in humans contains 23
chromosomes (the thread-like carriers of genes and genetic information) that

===== Screenshot (415) -- Page 283 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

penetrate the female ovum that contains its own 23 chromosomes, thus forming
a 46 chromosome fertilized zygote.

In 1866 Emst von Haeckel postulated that the nuclei, a universal structure
found in each cell, was in fact the “transmitter of inheritance.” In 1869 a Swiss
chemist by the name of Friedrich Miescher isolated a material from the nuclei of
pus (dead white blood cells) that he called “nuclein.” Miescher chose pus, which
he obtained from local hospitals, because white blood cells have large nuclei and
minimal amounts of cytoplasm.

In 1889 it was discovered that nuclein contained a protein that could be
digested, leaving a sticky acidic gel residue—nucleic acids had been discovered!

In 1893 a student of Miescher, Albrecht Kosel, analyzed the acidic gel (nucleic
acids) and showed that it was a mix of phosphorous, sugar, and a blend of four
different nitrogen-containing substances that he identified as adenine, cytosine,
guanine, and thymine: A, C, G, and T.

The German cytologist Walther Flemming is credited with the discovery of
mitosis in 1879. Flemming had created a new staining technique that allowed him
to identify and observe chromosomes in greater detail. As a result he was able to.
observe cell division, considered to be one of the great scientific discoveries of all
time.

In 1873 Anton Schneider observed and reported the presence of
“chromosomes” in dividing cells. In making these observations Schneider
accurately noted that the chromosome filaments line up on the equator of the
cell, double, and divide into the “daughter cells.” This was the first observation
and reporting of the process of mitosis.

In 1884, after the death of Mendel, the concept of inheritance dominated the
scientific arena. Von Nageli talked about the “idioplasm,” Weismann talked about
the “germ plasm,” Darwin talked about the “gemmules,” and de Vries talked
about the “pangenes.”

Except for sex cells (sperm and ova), all cells—those responsible for growth,


development and cellular repair—divide by mitosis. Sex cells divide by meiosis,


which was explained by the great German biologist August Weismann in 1890.

In 1902 a German biologist, Theodor Boveri, and an American geneticist and
physician, Walter Sutton, independently identified chromosomes as the carrier of
genetic information.

While studying sea urchins, Boveri observed that the sperm and the egg each
carried half of the set of chromosomes. If the sperm and egg that became
a fertilized embryo had an abnormal number of chromosomes, the resulting
embryo would die or develop into an abnormal sea urchin. Boveri correctly
surmised that that different chromosomes control different parts of the urchin’s
anatomy or physiology.

Sutton’s studies of grasshoppers clearly demonstrated that the matched pairs
of chromosomes separate during the production of sex cells (sperm and egg).

Boveri and Sutton both reported that chromosomes carry and transmit
parental genetic information. They additionally showed that chromosomes were
independent structures that remained intact, even when they were not visible,
during all stages of the cells life. These observations were counter to the
prevailing thought that chromosomes dissolved during the latter stages of cell
division and then reformed again in the daughter cell.

The research of Boveri and Sutton provided the foundation for the new
scientific field of “cytogenetics,” the combining of cytology (the study of cells)
and genetics (the study of heredity).

===== Screenshot (416) -- Page 285 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Thomas Hunt Morgan's Fruit Fly Lab: Our
Understanding of the Process that Creates
Chromosomal Characteristics

It is well documented today that during the formation of the sperm and egg,
matching chromosomes of parents can exchange small incomplete segments of
chromosomes in what is called, “crossover,” so that newly formed chromosomes
might not be inherited perfectly duplicated from each parent. Incorrect numbers
of chromosomes or imperfectly formed chromosomes will result in an inability of
the embryo to survive or a malformed embryo. These events of embryonic death
and the malformations that can result, for instance in trisomy, known as Down
syndrome characterized by 47 chromosomes, are typically and quite incorrectly
said to be “genetically transmitted.”

These events are in fact not the result of a genetically-transmitted defect,
but rather a specific nutrient deficiency of the functioning chromosome in the
moments immediately after fertilization.

It is thought that no scientist spent more time looking at fruit flies through a
microscope than American biologist Thomas Hunt Morgan. Morgan's laboratory,
fondly referred to as the “fly room,” was a simple 368 square foot room stuffed
with eight students, desks, and hundreds of glass milk bottles full of fruit flies,
and piles of overripe bananas hung from the ceiling as fly food: “the room literally
stunk of decomposing bananas and hummed with escaped fruit flies and crackled
with stow away cockroaches.” Between 1910 and 1930, this overpopulated
laboratory was the incubator of some of the most significant scientific discoveries
of all time— discoveries that are basic to the interpretation of the field of modern
genetics.

Calvin Bridges and Alfred Sturtevant were both undergraduate students at
Columbia University in New York City in 1909. After attending a lecture presented
by Morgan, both Bridges and Sturtevant were awarded desks in the fly room.
Gregor Mendel’s observations on pea plants had just been rediscovered, and this
was a heady time for genetic research.

Fruit flies made a perfect study animal with which investigate the latest
theories, and the fly-room crew spent many hours sharing and discussing their
research and current publications. Following one of their discussions, Sturtevant
rushed home to flesh-out a new thought: a map of the genes on the X
chromosome. Sturtevant constructed his chromosome map (still accurate yet
today) at 20 years of age. Bridges at the age of 24 went on to report
the nondisjunction of fly chromosomes, thus proving that Morgan's theory of
chromosomal inheritance was in fact correct.

In 1910 Morgan observed a single white-eyed fly among his red-eyed
specimens. He ran a series of breeding experiments in order to study how
this mutation would be transmitted to come to a similar observation of that
of Mendel, who recognized pink pea flowers were a “hybrid” resulting from
“crossbreeding” of white and red flowered pea plants.

Morgan was awarded the 1933 Nobel Prize in medicine for his work with
chromosomes and heredity. Morgan learned that the white-eyed trait was
recessive since a single red-eyed parent invariably resulting in red-eyed offspring.
He also theorized that the mutation was located on the X chromosome since only
males (with no second chromosome to counteract the white-eyed form of the
gene) displayed the characteristic.

Morgan had discovered that specific genes are carried on specific
chromosomes. He was building on work pioneered by American geneticist Walter
Sutton and German biologist Theodor Boveri, who in 1902 independently arrived

===== Screenshot (417) -- Page 286 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

at the conclusion that chromosomes carry genetic material. These observations
were essential milestones in the understanding of inheritance and genetics.

The Use of Our Knowledge of Genetics for “Social
Engineering”: Fran


Galton Establishes Euget


S

Genetics wasn't limited or confined to a chemical laboratory. It came to be used
as a tool for social engineering. Social Darwinism (neo-Darwinism) swept the
globe.

Eugenics (“well born), the concept of an individual's superiority or inferiority
was based on an inheritance of intelligence or leadership traits meant that a
person could receive a social mutation, was conceived by Francis Galton, Charles
Darwin's cousin and a contemporary of Mendel. These ideas came to a functional
level concurrently with the work of Morgan as he mapped the locations of the
genes on the chromosomes and Beadle and Tatum had revealed that genes made
enzymes.

Similar to his cousin Charles, Galton failed to exhibit much talent in his
younger years. Galton quit medical school and chose to travel through Europe for
years until he returned to England and Cambridge to pursue studies in math.

Galton suffered from what was referred to as a nervous breakdown and left
school before he finished his degree. For a short time he returned to medical
school. However, upon his father’s death Galton received a considerable fortune
and chose to abandon medical school a second time.

Galton developed an obsession with the measurements of humans, math, and
a belief that “he was a superior person and that this superiority was inherited.”
He viewed the publication in 1859 of his cousin's work, On the Origin of Species
by Natural Selection, as the “formative event in his life,” and it influenced the

invention of the “science” he called “eugenics” in 1885.

In 1869 Galton published his book titled Hereditary Genius, the first scientific
work to study the relationship between genius and greatness. It documented his
view that civilization, while desirable, inevitably led to an increase in the “unfit”
people by preventing the forces of nature from eliminating the weak, mentally ill,
and those deemed to be “undesirable.”

Galton felt it was ultimately counterproductive to the survival of man to
improve the environment by introducing factory safety and pollution laws, or
by providing good sanitation, or enacting laws to help the poor, or by building
hospitals, thinking governments had failed to encourage the birth of babies with
superior minds and bodies and additionally failed to proactively prevent the birth
of the weak.

In the 1870s Galton postulated that inheritance is facilitated by a
“particulate,” but Galton’s observations were primarily based on continuous
variations instead of discontinuous variation that was the classic Mendelian
theory.

Galton’s first “law” was that the offspring of exceptional parents “revert to the
mean.”

Galton’s second “law” of inheritance stated that children have one-half
of each parent's “heritage,” and therefore, “on average, one-quarter of each
grandparent’s heritage, one eighth of each great-grandparent’s heritage, and so
on.”

Galton’s main direction was to promote the idea of human talents, especially
human intelligence, and it was in the course of his research that he coined the
term “eugenics.”

It was obvious to Galton that humans have inheritable traits the same way
that plants and animals do. Some traits are desirable and some others are not
desirable. It was his theory that it would be possible to have the “better” genetic

===== Screenshot (418) -- Page 289 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

types to reproduce and force the “poorer” individuals to stop reproducing. The
result would be that the human genetic pool would improve over time in the
same manner that beef cattle and dogs have been improved over the decades
through selective breeding.

Galton is the one who also coined the term “nature and nurture” in 1871 to
describe how the environment could affect the inheritance of our intelligence
and abilities. In 1875 Galton developed the idea of using identical twins to
study the influence of heredity versus environment on human development and
intelligence. His claim that his evidence revealed that the nature rather than the
nuture of an individual has the most influenence on human development began
the famous controversies over these ideas that are still researched and debated
today.

A modern researcher of identical twins, Danielle Reed, who is following in
Galton’s footsteps by her choice of twin studies to examine the theories of
“nature and nuture” (see National Geographic, January 2012), states that, “It is
very clear when you look at (identical) twins that much of what they share is
hardwired. Many things about them are absolutely the same and unalterable. But
it is also clear, when you get to know them, that other things about them are
different. Epigenetics is the origin of a lot of those differences.”

Reed further states that, “Mother Nature writes some things in pencil and
some things in pen... Things written in pen you can’t change. That's DNA. But
things written in pencil you can. That's epigenetics.”

In 1907 Galton’s theories spawned the Eugenics Education Society in Britain
with the advertised goal of genetic improvement of the human population of
Britain by selective breeding as it is practiced in livestock. Galton was elected to
the society's presidency in1908.

It was Galton who recruited the very well-respected statistical genius, Karl
Pearson, who became Galton's protégé and proponent of eugenics. Pearson,

expanded on Galton’s theories of human measurements and created the
Biometric Laboratory at University College, London. “Biometrics” was then
merged with eugenics.

Pearson became a fanatic about human measurement of inferior races of
people from poor stock and applied his theories of Social Darwinism about the
need to increase the strong person versus the weak individual that could not
be improved by applying national policies to ensure this. He created an ongoing
journal Biometrika to develop statistical theory. And the journal contained many
of his tables of human measurements for statisticians that were very influential,
especially in the United States.

Galton was personally “terrified” by the growing financial power of Germany
and wanted to neutralize it by creating a national program of “selective
breeding.” Embracing Galton's “neologism,” Pearson coined the term “eugenic
marriage” and demanded that the British government create a national
biographical studbook of “desirables” and “undesirables” and require a permit
of proof of individual fitness before a marriage license would be issued. Darwin
publically approved of Galton’s theories and his book about the influence of
nature over nuture as far as an indi


idual's intelligence.

In 1911 Galton was named the first Galton Professor of Eugenics (changed
to Professor of Genetics in 1965) at London University. Galton’s efforts never
reached the level of legislative power in Britain. However, in the United States
‘Andrew Carnegie and John D. Rockefeller believed that eugenics could “enable
humanity to command its own evolution in a way that was efficient and
progressive.” In 1904 the Carnegie Institute founded a center for genetic research
at Cold Spring Harbor, New York, with Charles Davenport appointed to the
directorship.

Davenport directed his efforts to the study of human inheritance, and in 1910,
with the financial backing of the Harriman and Rockefeller family trusts, he

===== Screenshot (419) -- Page 291 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

created the Eugenics Record Office at Cold Spring Harbor and appointed Harry
Laughlin as the facilities first superintendent.

At the same time, Henry Goddard, a psychologist, introduced the Binet
intelligence test into the United States. This test gave the eugenics movement
a way to quantify human intelligence and measure and identify what was a
“moron,” “imbecile,” and “idiot.”

Goddard's studies showed that, "the devil of genetic unfitness was at work
within the U.S." Many came to believe the only option was to prevent the
breeding of the perceived unfit. By 1931 twenty-seven American states had
enacted sterilization laws that would allow compulsory sterilization of selected
types of people categorized as morons and the feeble-minded. As a result, by
1941 almost thirty-six thousand Americans had been forcibly sterilized. Within
a few years Germany, Switzerland, and the Scandinavian countries all enacted
sterilization laws.

In 1906 the Race Betterment Foundation was created in Michigan by J.H.
Kellogg to promote “racial improvement.”

The Theories of Social Darwinism Take Hold
and “Dysgenics” Takes Over Eugenics

Social Darwinism developed in many ways, but eugenics failed as a “science”
and had minimal impact in the creation of national fitness registers and
studbooks. However, the appearance of “dysgenics,” thought of asa sister science
of eugenics, which embraced the elimination (the equivalent of the animal
husbandry technique of “culling” the less desirable examples of a breeding line)
of the unhealthy, surprised almost everyone by its rapid acceptance by the
medical and the bureaucratic institutions.

‘At the same time that Avery was studying bacteria, the pursuit of human
genetic research in Germany took on a nasty direction. In 1905 the Society for
Racial Hygiene was founded by Alfred Ploetz. Initially the society was not a racist
organization as Ploetz “applauded the Jewish race as being equal to the Nordic.”

In the meantime Darwin's works encouraged the pursuit of imperialism, the
establishment of colonies, the “race for Africa” and Rhodes’ belief that England
should be “painting the map of the world red.”

Driven by Darwin's concept of the “survival of the fittest” Britain grabbed 3.5
million square miles of colonies and 1.5 million miles of protectorates. During the
same period, additional nations, driven by a fear that Britain would own the world
and squeeze them financially with duties and taxes, began their own drive to grab
colonies and to develop their own “master race.” The Russians, the French, the
Japanese, and the Germans aggressively jumped into the race for colonies.

The most highly-respected German Darwinian biographer and historian,
Heinrich von Treitschke, designed an aggressive view of Germany's history and
predicted a triumphant future; and at the same time, Bismarck, himself, created a
national imperialistic plan for Germany and coined the Darwinian slogan “Blood
and Iron" to encourage his armies.

Additionally, the Darwinian theory of “the survival of the fittest” created a
drive to improve national “racial stock” by employing positive and negative plans.
Darwin was also opposed to vaccinations and medical programs that would
maintain populations of “weaker” people. He promoted their birth control, and
he viewed the reduction or extinction of “aboriginals” in Argentina, New Zealand,
and Australia by the “stronger races” as natural and acceptable. Darwin predicted
and accepted the eventual control and rule of Africa by the stronger white


European nations. In his view the inevitability of natural selection “advanced in

favor of a world ruled by whites of European origin.”

===== Screenshot (420) -- Page 293 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Back in the United States, as early as in 1904, Charles Davenport, a devout
supporter of Darwin and Galton, enlisted the billionaire Andrew Carnegie to
financially support the Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory. The laboratory rapidly
embraced the new science of Mendelism to support Darwinism and espouse “the
doctrine that physical weakness and mental illness were both inherited.”

The fuel that drove the active pursuit of dysgenics was the concern
over immigration and the risk that “lower-race" arrivals from eastern Europe,
especially Jews, would “contaminate” and “weaken” the Anglo-Saxon racial stock
of the United States. The passage of the Immigration Restriction Act (1924)
can be traced directly to the publication of The Origin of Species. Several U. S.
states pushed harder and enacted laws that gave government appointed doctors
the power (without a hearing or trial) to sterilize those individuals that they
determined to be mentally unfit and those who participated in various levels of
petty and habitual crime.

By 1920 fifteen U. S. states passed sterilization laws. The U. S. Supreme Court
ruled most of the laws unconstitutional until 1927, when in the case of Buck
v. Bell, the Court deemed that the state of Virginia could sterilize Carrie Buck,
a feeble-minded epileptic, daughter of another “low-mentality” woman already
the mother of another child labeled “an imbecile.” Passing judgment, Justice
Oliver Wendell Holmes ruled, “Three generations of imbeciles are enough.”

In the 25 years leading up to 1935, U. S. states enacted more than 100
sterilization laws and allowed the forced sterilization of over 100,000 Americans
(labeled as having subnormal mental faculties) by the too willing medical doctors.
The state of Virginia continued their forced sterilization programs operated by
eager medical doctors through the 1970s.

While the world accepted eugenics and dysgenics, the British Empire (except
Canada) rejected forced sterilization because of a persistent effort by G. K.
Chesterton, who published a book on the subject. His campaign was aided by

a satire authored by Aldous Huxley in 1932, Brave New World, which described
a “dark Utopia” in which science and technology were employed in many forms
to “create a hygienically perfect, but docile, and submissive society.” These
movements combined to form an anti-Galton movement that Paul Johnson
describes as “with a reprise of George Eliot's worry that Darwinian natural
selection was a dangerous form of determination, which would extinguish free
will and the human instinct for freedom. It was also a sally against the bright
utopia preached by H.G. Wells, in which science was king. Wells, Shaw, Beatrice
and Sydney Webb, Havelock Ellis, and many other socialist intellectuals favoring
both eugenics and dysgenics would have condemned to sterilization or even
death all the mentally unfit if they could have brought to power a government
to their taste. But they never persuaded the British Labour Party to adopt their
views.”

Darwin commonly coined comments such as “rich as Jews" and blamed
“a primitive Jewish God” for much that was wrong with Judeo-Christianity,
especially the doctrine of eternal punishment, which he thought positively evil.
However, Darwin publically professed that he was not anti-Semitic.

Itis thought that Darwin's teachings in The Origin of Species contributed to the
destruction of Germany by emphasizing the constant violence that took place in
the process of natural selection. Hitler was known to be fond of referring to the
“awful prospect of mankind evolving backward or downward.”

In Hitler’s Table Talk, 1941-1944: Secret Conversations, the record of Hitler's
conversations taken down in shorthand by his army officers, Hitler is recorded as
saying:

If we do not respect the law of nature, imposing our will by the might of
the stronger, a day will come when the wild animals will again devour us
—when the insects will eat the wild animals, and finally nothing will exist

===== Screenshot (421) -- Page 295 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

except the microbes. By means of the struggle the elites are continually
renewed. The law of selection justifies this incessant struggle by allowing
the survival of the fittest. Christianity is a rebellion against natural law, a
protest against nature.


When the Nazis took power in Germany in 1933, they discovered that many
of their theories on human purity were already upheld by medical and scientific
organizations. A eugenic sterilization law was put into place when Hitler was
released from jail and appointed chancellor. An entire bureaucracy was quickly
put into place with Erbklinik (genetic clinics), Erbgesundheits gerichte (genetic
courts), and Erbamter (genetic officials). By the 1940s, 400,000 people in
Germany had been sterilized by Nazi doctors on eugenic charges—primarily those
being found to be “mentally retarded.”

When World War I broke out in 1939, sterilization of those German citizens
deemed to be retarded was replaced with a policy of euthanasia. Patients in
mental hospitals were killed on charges based on theories of eugenetics by the
too-willing doctors. Victims of these “hunts,” both adults and children, were
killed by lethal injection or more efficiently by mass gassing. In the Nazi occupied
territories they were executed by the same Einsatzgruppen firing squads that
were killing Jews and Gypsies—one armor-piercing bullet was used to kill five
people in line to conserve ammunition.

By 1941 some 70,000 German “mental patients” had been killed as a result of
the official eugenic policy. This raised such a protest that Hitler gave the order to.
stop gassing them but to continue to execute them by other means.

Eugenics programs and Nazi racial-cleansing doctrines, in the form of
executions, ran parallel to this and were carried out by the millions. Unimaginable
numbers were executed in the concentration death camps. Racial theories
stemmed from the policies and pursuits of the Society for Racial Hygiene that had

become part of the German academic thought in the years after World War I. The
Nuremburg Race Laws were conceived following considerable consultations with
the leading German geneticists and doctors of the day.

In the 20th century, it is estimated that more than 100 million humans were
killed or starved to death by totalitarian governments impregnated with a broad
collection of bureaucratic forms of Social Darwinism.

In Russia, Mendelian genetic research and cleansing practices were banned. It
was an integral part of the Marxist beliefs that "human beings were fashioned by
the environment rather than by inborn or heritable talents.”


The Life and Work of Oswald Avery
and The Rockefeller Institute

Oswald Avery was born in Canada in 1877. His father was a Baptist minister.
When he was the age of ten, his family moved from Nova Scotia to the Lower
East Side of New York City where Avery's father operated a Baptist mission. His
father and his brother Ernest both died in 1892 from tuberculosis. The Baptist
community (including John D. Rockefeller) supported Avery's mother and her two
surviving children.

The year following his father's and his brother's deaths, Avery left high school
and enrolled in the Colgate Academy, a Baptist college, fully intending to enter
the ministry. Upon his graduation from Colgate, with no science background,
Avery entered the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Columbia University. In
1904 he graduated as a doctor, interned in hospitals for several years, and then
took a position in medical research.

In 1913 Avery took a post in the Rockefeller Institute in Manhattan. His
responsibility was to study Diplococcus pneumonia, a common bacteria, which

===== Screenshot (422) -- Page 297 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

caused the death of 50,000 Americans each year from pneumonia. For thirty-
five years Avery studied the bacteria. During the first ten years at the institute
he studied the polysaccharide cloak that the bacteria generated with the goal of
creating a “serum” that would attack the “sugar-coated microbe.”

Avery was nominated for a Nobel Prize for his bacterial studies. However, it
was his genetic studies and his discovery of the gene that gave him a place in
history.

In 1928 Fred Griffith, an English microbiologist, published a paper on a strange
phenomenon. He discovered that the non-virulent strain R of the Pneumococcus
spp. bacteria could be transformed into the virulent strain $ and the mutation was
inheritable!

Griffith found that by injecting mice with the non-virulent R strain of
Pneumococcus spp. and then with the heat-killed S strain, he could produce
pneumonia in the mice and then recover a live virulent $ strain of the bacteria
from the dead mouse. A non-virulent strain of bacteria had been transformed
into a virulent form of the bacteria from something that was in the heat-killed
bacteria!

Avery's co-workers at the Rockefeller Institute were able to duplicate Griffith's
phenomenon in the test tube by using a simple cell-free extract of the heat-
killed virulent bacteria to change the non-virulent bacteria into a killer. Avery now
focused his energies on this inheritable phenomenon.

While genetic research was morphing into a political monster in Nazi Germany
and being suppressed in Soviet Russia, Oswald Avery and his co-workers at the
Rockefeller Institute were in New York were continuing to advance their studies
on the Pheumococcus spp. bacterium.

Between 1934 and 1937 the process of “transformation” was perfected,
primarily through the work of Avery's colleague, Collin MacLeod. In 1941, in
cooperation with Maclyn McCarty, a recent arrival at the institute, the goal was

to isolate the “transforming principle” from the bacteria (MacLeod had moved to
take a post at New York University in 1940).

With typical Avery zeal, the pair ran an endless methodical series of
experiments to extract “the substance,” whatever it might be, from one strain
of bacteria and to purify it. They attacked the extract with several different
proteases, and yet it could still transform strain R into strain S. Therefore it could
not be a protein.

Assaulting the substance with a lipid-dissolving alcohol and ether did not alter
the transforming capacity of “the substance.” Therefore it could not be a fat. They
came to the conclusion that “the substance” by process of elimination had to be a
nucleic acid. However, ribonuclease, the enzyme that digests RNA did not destroy
“the substance.”

By the process of elimination the only possibility left was DNA. “Levene’s
dull, uninteresting molecule” was “the substance” and was producing the
transformation from strain R to strain S!

It was eventually proved that deoxyribonuclease enzymes that destroy DNA
did in fact inactivate “the substance"—the transforming factor was DNA!

“Sounds like a virus—may be a gene,” Avery declared in a May 1943 letter to
his brother Roy: “If we are right, and of course that's not yet proven, then it means
that nucleic acids are not merely structurally important, but functionally active
substances in determining the biochemical activities and specific characteristics
of cells, and that by means of a known chemical substance it is possible to
induce predictable and hereditary changes in the cells. This is something that has
long been the dream of geneticists . . . the problem bristles with implications .. .
It touches genetics, enzyme chemistry, cell metabolism, and carbohydrate
synthesis, etc.

So there is the story, Roy—right or wrong it’s been good fun and lots of work.”

Avery's discovery was an “epoch-making” event!

===== Screenshot (423) -- Page 299 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

The resulting paper by Avery, MacLeod, and McCarty was published in January
1944 in the Journal of Experimental Medicine and it was as classic as Mendel’s
Versuche. Unfortunately the Avery team published their work ina publication that
was read by the wrong people who were microbiologists rather than geneticists.

In 1948, by the time the scientific community had come to realize the
significance of the “transforming principle,” it was too late. Avery retired in
Nashville and spent the remainder of his life near his brother and family, dying
in 1955. His thirty-five years of research that had been focused on a single
bacterium had “delivered up the most seminal discovery of 20th century biology.”
However, the author of the research never received the ultimate accolade, the
Nobel Prize.


The Role of Protein: Molecular Organic Events

Mendel and Avery were looking at the same molecular events from different
directions. Proteins were at the roots of both their observations. Proteins are
“polymers” of amino acids that are found in a wide variety of configurations and
mass. The three-dimensional diversity of proteins is related to the basic structural
uniqueness.

Differences in protein length, amino acid sequences, the number of disulfide
bonds, and connections of small molecules or ions to the amino acid side chains
control the three dimensional diversity. Generally, the linear, unbranched polymer
of amino acids that make up any protein can fold into a few tightly related
three dimensional shapes called conformations. The physical conformation of a
protein, along with the distinctive chemical properties of its amino acid side
chains, will determine its functions.

Proteins produce and initiate a wide variety of distinct events inside and
outside of cells that are essential to life or provide distinct evolutionary

advantages to cells, tissues, organs and organisms. It is therefore paramount
to the understanding of how cells work and reproduce to identify the specific
structures and functions of proteins.

Generally, proteins can be placed into broad functional groups:

1. Structural proteins that determine the shapes of cells, their
extracellular environments, and act as “guide wires” to direct the


intracellular activities of molecules and organelles.

2. Scaffold prot
perform specific functions more efficiently than if the proteins were


is that join different proteins into specific arrays to

separate entities.
3. Enzymes that are proteins that catalyze or facilitate specific chemical
reactions.

4. Membrane transport proteins that facilitate the flow of ions and
molecules across cellular membranes.

5. Regulatory proteins that perform as signals, sensors, and switches
to regulate the activities of cells by directing the functions of other
proteins and genes.

6. Signaling proteins (hormones and cell-surface receptors) that transmit
extracellular signals into the cells cytoplasm.

7. Motor proteins that have the task of moving other proteins, organelles,
ells, and even whole organisms.

8. Molecular machines Any one protein can be a member of more than

one protein group or class (e.g,, cell surface signaling receptors that are
both enzymes and regulatory proteins).

===== Screenshot (424) -- Page 301 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Proteins essentially mediate or facilitate diverse functions by directing a small
number of basic activities. Proteins bind to other proteins and macromolecules
such as DNA, small molecules, and ions. In most cases these binding events
produce a conformational change in the protein which directs its activities.

A complete directory of how proteins encourage and direct cells to live and
flourish requires the identification and characterization of the proteins employed
by a cell. Ina sense, the ultimate goal of molecular cell biologists is to compile
a complete protein “parts catalogue” and construct an all-inclusive cook book
that describes how these proteins function. Compiling a comprehensive protein
catalogue has become feasible in recent years with the sequencing of entire
genomes—complete sets of genes (of many organisms). The human genome
contains 25,000 genes that make and direct the function of proteins.

Proteome refers to the complete collection of proteins of an organism. The
human proteome is comprised of 33,000 different proteins. By studying protein
sequences and structures of unknown proteins and comparing them with proteins
of known function, one can predict some possible functions of the unknown.

The primary structure of a protein is the linear arrangement, or sequence, of
the amino acids that it is comprised of. A short chain of amino acids (less than
20 to 30 amino acid residues) linked by the peptide bonds and that has a distinct
sequence is called an oligopeptide, or just peptide; long chains of amino acids are
referred to as polypeptides (more than 200 to 500 amino acid residues).

The second level of protein structure is the secondary structure, which are
stable spatial arrangements of segments of a polypeptide chain that are held
together by hydrogen bonds that connect the backbone amide and carbonyl
groups and frequently involve repeating structural patterns. A single polypeptide
might contain several types of secondary structures in various portions of the
chain. The principal secondary structures are the alpha helix, the beta sheet, and
a U-shaped beta turn,

Proteins are highly adaptable “molecular machines,” switches, cellular
catalysts, and components of cellular, tissue, and organ structure.

Nucleic acids are linear polymers of four different types of nucleotides. These
macromolecules contain an exact sequence of their nucleotides which carry
the specific information to determine the amino acid sequence, structure, and
function of the proteins in the cell; they are necessary functional components
of the cellular macromolecular factories that select and line up amino acids in
a proper order as a polypeptide chain is being synthesized; and they catalyze a
cluster of peptide bonds between amino acids during protein synthesis.

Deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) is an informational molecule that contains in the
sequence of its nucleotides the data required to synthesize all of the proteins
found in the organism including the cells, tissues, and organs of that organism.

DNA is ideally configured to perform this function on a molecular level and
chemically DNA is extremely stable (enabling the recovery of the DNA sequences
from animal and plant fossils that are thousands of years old).

All of the information required to support the development of the fertilized
human egg (zygote) through the various stages of the embryo, to childhood, and


to an adult made up of trillions of specialized cells is stored in the sequence of the
four nucleotides that make up the = 3 x 109 base pairs of the human genome. The
exact replication of this information for all species ensures its genetic replication
from one generation to the next, and the health of the DNA is therefore
critical for the normal development of the individual organism. DNA fulfills these
functions so well that it is the vessel for (the transmission) of genetic information
in all forms of life known on earth.

The information that is stored in DNA is clustered into hereditary packages
referred to as “genes.” In turn the genes control the specific traits of each species.

In the process known as “transcription” the information stored in the DNA
is copied into ribonucleic acid (RNA), which has three specific responsibilities in

===== Screenshot (425) -- Page 303 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

protein synthesis, as described by H. Lodish, et al. in Molecular Cell Biology, 6th
Edition:

Portions of the DNA nucleotide sequence are copied into messenger RNA
(mRNA) molecules that direct the synthesis of a specific protein. The
nucleotide sequence of an mRNA molecule contains the information that
specifies the correct order of amino acids during the synthesis of a protein.
The remarkably accurate, stepwise assembly of amino acids into proteins
occurs by translation of mRNA. In this process, the nucleotide sequence
of an mRNA molecule is “read” by a second type of RNA called transfer
RNA (tRNA), and their associated proteins. As the correct amino acids are
brought into sequence by tRNAs, they are linked by peptide bonds to make
proteins. RNA synthesis is called transcription because the nucleotide


sequence ‘language’ of DNA is precisely copied, or transcribed, into the
nucleotide sequence of an RNA molecule. Protein synthesis is referred to as
translation because the nucleotide sequence language of DNA and RNA is
translated into the amino acid sequence language of proteins.

DNA and RNA are similar from a chemical definition; primary structures of
DNA and RNA are linear polymers made up of monomers named nucleotides.
Both DNA and RNA act primarily as informational molecules, carrying information
in the exact predictable sequence of their nucleotides. Cellular RNAs typically
vary in length from fewer than 100 to many thousands of nucleotides. Cellular
DNA molecules can contain as many as several hundred million nucleotides.
These large DNA structures in association with proteins can be stained and viewed
through the light microscope as chromosomes (this was the name given for them
because they can be stained for identification).

Though chemically similar, DNA and RNA are characterized by significant
differences. It is, however, the different and individual properties of DNA and RNA

that give them the specific place in cell function.

Inall organisms, DNA and RNA are both made up of four different nucleotides.
The nucleotides employed in the synthesis of DNA and RNA one of five different
bases. The bases adenine (A) and guanine (6) are purines, which contain a pair
of fused rings; the bases cytosine (C), thymine (T), and urasil (U) are pyrimidines,
which contain a single ring.

Three of these bases, A, G, and C are found in both DNA and RNA;
However, T is only found in DNA, and U only in RNA. The linear sequence of
nucleotides connected by phosphodiester bonds makes up the primary structure
of the nucleic acids. Similar to polypeptides, polynucleotides can twist and fold
into three-dimensional structures stabilized by noncovalent bonds. The primary
structures of DNA and RNA are similar, yet their three-dimensional structures are
different.

An Alternate Theory of Disease Transmission

The science of “molecular biology” began in 1953 when James D. Watson, an
American, and Francis H.C. Crick, an Englishman, proposed that the structure
of DNA was a double helix. Their original proposal of the DNA structure was
based on an analysis of x-ray diffraction studies by Rosalind Franklin and Maurice
Williams and the construction of chemical models.

The genetic theory of disease transmission has dominated the funding,
research, and marketing direction of the medical and pharmaceutical industries
throughout the 20th and 21st centuries. The genetic theory of disease
transmission is based on misinterpretation of observations, lack of complete
information, isolated facts, descriptions of events and dogma.

===== Screenshot (426) -- Page 306 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

The genetic theory of disease transmission poses the following: “Inherited
human diseases are the phenotypic consequence of defective human genes.
Although a ‘disease’ gene may result from a new mutation that arose in the
preceding generation, most cases of ‘inherited’ diseases are caused by preexisting
mutant alleles that have been passed from one generation to the next for many
generations.”

The current genetic theory of disease transmission goes on to declare that:
“Human genetic diseases that result from mutation in one specific gene exhibit
several inheritance patterns depending on the nature and chromosomal location
of the alleles that cause them.”

It is also said by geneticists that “the characteristic pattern is that exhibited
by a dominant allele in an autosome (that is, one of the 22 human chromosomes
that is not a sex chromosome). It is often the case that the diseases caused by
dominant alleles appear later in life after reproductive age.”

(in fact, Wallach maintains that this pattern of the time of appearance of
the disease is a signal that the disease is not genetically transmitted).

Huntington's Disease

The theorized iconic example of an autosomal dominant disease in humans is
Huntington's disease, a neural degenerative disease that generally strikes in mid-
to-late life.

The Merck Manual describes Huntington's disease (aka Huntington's chorea)
“as an inherited disease in which people in midlife begin having occasional jerks
or spasms and gradual loss of brain cells, progressive to chorea, athetosis, and
mental deterioration.”

During the early stages of Huntington's disease, people can blend the
spontaneous abnormal movements into intentional ones so that they're

barely noticeable. However, with time, the movements become more obvious.
Eventually, the abnormal movements involve the entire body so that eating,
dressing, and even sitting still become nearly impossible.

Mental changes in Huntington's disease are subtle at first. People afflicted
with the disease may gradually become irritable and excitable; they may lose
interest in their usual activities. Later in the course of the disease, they
behave irresponsibly and often wander aimlessly. They may lose control over
their impulses and become promiscuous. Over years or decades, they may lose
their memory and the ability to think rationally. They may become severely
depressed and attempt suicide. In advanced disease, almost all functions become
impaired and full-time assistance or nursing home care is needed. Death is often
precipitated by pneumonia or a fatal injury from falling and usually occurs 13 to
15 years after symptoms first appeared.”

One of the earliest physical signs of Huntington's disease is chorea,
involuntary movements. The problems with involuntary movements are usually
very subtle in the beginning stages of the disease and are typically described as.
a slow motion type of movements or bradykinesia. The Huntington's patient's
speech can become slurred. As the disease progresses, dystonia becomes
obvious as limbs being held in unnatural positions. Pharmaceuticals, occupational
therapists, speech therapy, and physical therapy are typical treatment avenues
as the medical thought is that Huntington's disease is a terminal genetically-
transmitted disease and they believe that “No cure exists.”

At autopsy, the brain of a Huntington's disease patient is smaller than that of a
normal average human brain in volume and weight. When the normal brain is cut,
into there is a division of the cortex (grey matter) and the myelin (white matter).


At the base of the brain is more grey matter: this area of the grey matter is be
easily viewed. This area of the grey matter contains a greater number of nerve
cells and is called the basal ganglia. In this section of the brain it can be divided

===== Screenshot (427) -- Page 208 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

into two parts, which are called the caudate nucleus and the putamen. Cells in
the caudate and putamen (medium spiny neurons) that contain GABA (gamma-
aminobutyric acid) are particularly sensitive to the oxidative damage typically
found in Huntington's disease.

If one looks at the brain of a Huntington's disease patient there are folds
on the surface that are wider, and the basal ganglia are reduced to a thin
rim of tissue. Although the major damage occurs in the basal ganglia, damage
often occurs to the other parts of the brain which produces a wide spectrum of
symptoms.

The basic responsibility of the cells of the basal ganglia is to co-ordinate
the activities of the neurons in the cortex to signal changes in various muscle
groups to create a smooth continuum of movement. Damage to the indirect
pathway tends to produce chorea, while damage to the direct pathway produces
bradykinesia.

The medical system divides dementia into the cortical or subcortical forms.
Alzheimer's disease falls into the cortical dementia column; Huntington's disease,
Parkinson's disease, and others fall into the subcortical dementias.

In fact, Huntington's disease is not a genetically-transmitted disease as
dictated by the current medical dogma, but is rather part of a kaleidoscope of
related diseases caused by a common oxidative assault and common nutritional
deficiencies, and by random chance different parts of the brain are more severely
damaged than others, causing the different clinical appearances:

Tourette's syndrome is a neurological disorder beginning in childhood in which
motor and vocal tics occur on a regular basis throughout the day. The appearance
of Tourette's syndrome occurs early in childhood and steadily progresses to bursts
of complex movements, including vocal tics and sudden, spastic respiration.
Vocal tics may start as grunting or barking noises and progress to compulsive,

involuntary bouts of cursing. (Wallach personally suffered from Tourette's
syndrome as a four-year-old child. With supplementation of all 90 essential
nutrients, at the age of nine years he resolved his disease in three days.)

Chorea and Athetosis The chorea is expressed as repetitive, brief, jerky, large-
scale, dancing-like, uncontrolled movements that begin in one part of the body
and moves location abruptly, unpredictably, and continuously to other locations.
Athetosis is a continuous stream of slow, sinuous, writhing movements, generally
in the hands and feet. Chorea and athetosis can occur together and are called
choreoathetosis. People with chorea and athetosis have lesions and abnormalities
in the basal ganglia.

Sydenham’s disease St. Vitus’ dance or Syndenham's chorea is a childhood
disease that frequently follows Streptococcal spp. infections.

Dystonia presents itself as involuntary, slow, repetitive, sustained muscle
contractions that produce “freezing” in the middle of an action, with twisting,
turning, or torsion movements of the trunk, the entire body, or different zones
of the body. The brain areas affected include the basal ganglia, thalamus, and
cerebral cortex. Mild forms of dystonia can manifest itself as writer's cramps,
blepharospasm (eyelids repeatedly and involuntarily forced shut), torticollis
(recurring neck spasms that twist the neck sideways, forward, or backward),
spasmodic dysphonia (spasms of vocal cord muscles that block speech, make
speech sound strained, quivery, hoarse, jerky, creaky, staccato, or garbled and
difficult to understand), and yips (golfer’s dystonia or musician's dystonia).

Parkinson's disease develops during middle age, and is characterized as
a slowly progressing, degenerative disorder of the central nervous system.
Parkinson's disease produces tremor (chorea) when at rest, sluggish and slow

===== Screenshot (428) -- Page 310 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

movements (bradykinesia), and muscle rit


ity. The basal ganglia are directly
affected in Parkinson's disease resulting in jerky movements.

In Parkinson's disease, the neurons in the basal ganglia degenerate. The
disease begins subtly and progresses gradually. In many individuals it begins with
a tremor in the hand when the hand is at rest. The tremor decreases when the
hand is moving purposefully and disappears completely during sleep. Emotional
stress or fatigue may increase the tremor, which has a smooth, rhythmic quality.
Although the tremor may start in one hand, it eventually progresses to the other
hand the arms, and the legs. The jaw, tongue, forehead, and eyelids additionally
may be affected by tremors. In about one third of those with Parkinson's disease,
tremors aren't the first symptom; in other individuals the tremors become less
severe as the disease progresses; and in others the tremors never develop.

Initiating a movement is particularly difficult in those afflicted with
Parkinson's disease, and muscle stiffness (rigidity) develops. The small muscles of
the hands lose function and dexterity which makes simple jobs such as buttoning
a garment and tying shoe laces difficult. Parkinson's disease patients walk with a
shuffling, short-stepped gait in which their arms don’t swing with their stride. The
typical patient's face becomes expressionless and can develop a blank stare with
an open mouth and a reduced blinking rate.

Individuals with Parkinson's disease will speak softly in a monotone and may
stutter. Most will maintain a normal intelligence; however, others will develop
dementia.

Progressive supranuclear palsy is seen with less frequency than Parkinson's
disease. It produces muscle rigidity, inability to control eye movement, and
weakness of the throat muscles. This disease typically shows up in the late middle
age with difficulty in rolling the eyes upward. As with Parkinson's disease, this


palsy progresses to advanced stiffness and disability. The disease destroys the

basal ganglia and brain stem.

Shy-Drager syndrome (idiopathic orthostatic hypotension) is similar to
Parkinson's disease, additionally it causes malfunction and destruction of the
autonomic nervous system, which regulates the blood pressure, heart rate, gland
secretions, and visual focusing. The blood pressure falls when the patient stands
up. The volume of sweat, tears and saliva falls, eyesight fails, urination becomes
difficult, constipation is typical and movement syndromes are similar to those of
patients with Parkinson's disease and Huntington's disease.


Causes for Disease Symdomes with Br:
Lesions That Share a Broad Symptom List

Many individuals diagnosed with multiple sclerosis, ALS (Lou Gehrig's
disease), Alzheimer's disease, Korsakoff’s syndrome (cerebral beriberi), Wernicke-
Korsakoff's syndrome (cerebral beriberi and multiple sclerosis combined), and
Creutzfeld-Jakob disease (BSE, Mad Cow Disease, enzootic ataxia, etc.) share the
broad symptom list and brain lesion list with Huntington's disease.

These diseases traditionally have affected middle-aged people starting at
about 35 years of age. Starting in the year 2000, the demographics changed with
the fastest growing age group diagnosed with MS, ALS, etc., being children under


the age of 12 years and the youngest individuals diagnosed with these diseases
found to be 18 to 20 months of age. Alll are caused by free radical damage of the
brain that results from inordinately high intakes of trans-fatty acids, heterocyclic
amines, and acrylamides.

There are no rules that state one individual can’t have two, three, or more of
these disease syndromes at the same time. None of these diseases are genetically

transmitted; however, they may appear “familial” because of a pervasive gluten

===== Screenshot (429) -- Page 312 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

intolerance being passed on through generations by the female siblings being
sensitized to gluten through cord blood and breast milk. Males also acquire
gluten intolerance from their mothers, but because they do not carry pregnancies
or breast feed their offspring they do not pass on gluten intolerance, which is a
contact enteritis rather than an allergy based syndrome.

The basic array of brain lesions and chemical derailment of all of the
above neurological disease syndromes are the result of simple “dumb luck" or
randomized distribution of and combinations of two universal events:

1. Free radical damage resulting from the regular consumption of
gluten, fried foods, burnt animal fat, oxidized dietary oils, processed
meats containing nitrates, and other nitrites and excessive mono
or polyunsaturated oils. On occasion consumption of certain

pharmaceuticals, chemicals, and toxic levels of certain food additives,

such as high levels of manganese (Parkinsonism), can produce

symptoms of these disease syndromes.

2. Nutritional deficiencies that produce the biochemical disruption of
brain function and the physical lesions of these diseases. In addition
to low levels of nutrients in local food supplies, absorption problems
related to gluten intolerance will produce an increased risk for acquiring
these diseases. YOU ARE NOT WHAT YOU EAT—YOU ARE WHAT YOU
ABSORB!

To prevent, and in many cases resolve, this family of basal-ganglia deficiency
diseases one should be obsessive about proper dietary changes. Consume four
to six eggs per day (poached, soft boiled, and scrambled in butter) per 100
pounds of body weight, supplement with all 90 essential nutrients and additional
antioxidants to levels in excess of 100,000 ORAC points per day.

A recessive allele in an autosome exhibits quite a different segregation

pattern. For an autosomal recessive allele, both parents must be heterozygous
carriers of the allele in order for their children to be at risk of being affected
with the disease. Each child of heterozygous parents has a 25 percent chance of
receiving both recessive alleles and thus being affected, a 50 percent chance of
receiving one normal and one mutant allele, and thus being a carrier, and a 25
percent chance of receiving two normal alleles.

Cystic fibrosis

An iconic example pointed to by geneticists as the text book example of
an autosomal recessive disease is cystic fibrosis. Typically, related individuals


exhibit a relatively higher rate of being “carriers” for the same recessive alleles.
Therefore, children born to related parents (such as those are first or second
cousins) are much more prone than those born to unrelated parents to be
homozygous for expression of the autosomal recessive disorder.

Cystic fibrosis is currently and conventionally “thought to be a genetically-
transmitted disease that causes certain glands to produce abnormal secretions,
resulting in several symptoms, the most important of which affect the digestive
tract and lungs.”

Cystic fibrosis is listed in The Merck Manual as “the most common inherited
disease leading to death among white people in the United States. It occurs in
1 of every 2,500 white babies and in 1 of every 17,000 black babies. It's rare
in Asians. Cystic fibrosis is equally common in boys and girls. Many people with
cystic fibrosis die young, but 35 percent of Americans with cystic fibrosis reach
adulthood.”

Meconium ileus, a form of intestinal obstruction in newborns, occurs in 17
percent of children with cystic fibrosis. Meconium is an abnormally solid form of
feces of the newborn that is produced by the fetus gulping down a gluten-rich

===== Screenshot (430) -- Page 314 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

amniotic fluid that in turn produces a “contact enteritis" and a permanent gluten
intolerant state in the individual. It appears as a dark green bowel movement
that is thick and passes only with great difficulty. If the meconium is too thick, it
obstructs the intestine. Blockage can result in a perforated bowel or torsion of the
gut. The meconium can also create plugs in the large intestine, rectum, or anus
and again cause obstruction. Newborn babies with meconium ileus almost always
will test positive for cystic fibrosis. Meconium ileus is a common manifestation
of gluten intolerance in the newborn that results in a lifelong battle with
malabsorption.

In newborn children with cystic fibrosis, the level of the digestive enzyme
trypsin in the blood is high. This enzyme level is measured in a small drop of
blood collected on a piece of filter paper. This is a non-conclusive screening test.
The quantitative pilocarpine iontophoresis sweat test measures the amount of


salt in sweat and a positive reading is considered to be a confirming “genetic
marker” for the diagnosis of cystic fibrosis.”

A sweat-salt concentration above the normal level confirms the diagnosis
of cystic fibrosis. However, a positive sweat test is also found in seventeen
other diseases including gluten intolerance, celiac disease, sprue, starvation,
kwashiorkor, zinc deficiency, etc., and is easily brought back to normal with a
gluten-free diet and a proper supplement program that gives optimal levels of all
90 essential nutrients with additional selenium added.

By the age of 20 years many cystic fibrosis patients will develop type 2
diabetes because of the loss of intestinal villi (related to gluten intolerance/
contact enteritis) results in malabsorption of the minerals that are required
to prevent diabetes. A gluten-free diet, supplementation with the 90 essential
nutrients, and extra selenium, chromium, and vanadium can “support and
promote” optimal metabolism of carbohydrates, sugars, fats, and proteins at
the cellular level, “support” healthy blood sugar levels, and reverse the “genetic

markers" of cystic fibrosis.

In fact, cystic fibrosis is not a genetically-transmitted disease, but instead is
a congenital or neonatal deficiency disease of the trace mineral selenium (refer
to Wallach, J.D. and Germaise, B.: Cystic Fibrosis: A Perinatal Manifestation of
Selenium Deficiency. In: Hemphill, D. D. (ed). Trace substances in environmental
health XIII. University of Missouri Press, Columbia, MO., 1979 pp. 469-476.)
Families with generations of cystic fibrosis typically have a gluten intolerance
that is passed on through generations by the mothers through the cord blood
or breast milk. Studies show that even couples who are both cystic fibrosis
patients produce normal babies. This result is impossible in the classic recessive
genetically-transmitted disease model.

The Discovery of First Non-Human
Case of Cystic Fibrosis

In November of 1977, Wallach while employed at the Yerkes Primate Center,
identified the first non-human case of cystic fibrosis in a failure-to-thrive
rhesus monkey that was six months old. Wallach sought out and acquired the
appropriate validation of his diagnosis by the appropriate cystic fibrosis experts,
which caused Emory University and the Yerkes Regional Primate Research Center
to send out a news release (1978) lauding the confirmed discovery.

Three months later Wallach was terminated from his position as a pathologist
at the Yerkes Primate Center when he complied with a request to provide
an abstract for an NIH animal model committee presentation. Wallach was
then asked how many cystic fibrosis monkeys could he provide for research?
Wallach’s answer was that he had discovered at the very least how to create
an animal model for further research—the reason given for no progress in the

===== Screenshot (431) -- Page 316 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

understanding of the genesis of cystic fibrosis was the lack of a reproducible
credible animal model. He was fired for inferring that cystic fibrosis was not a
genetic disease, but rather a congenital and or a perinatal deficiency of the trace

mineral selenium.

News Copy from

Emory University

‘Sunday, March 5, 1978
‘Subject: First case of Cystic Fibrosis discovered in non-human

Scientists at the Yerkes Regional Primate Research Center at Emory
University have discovered cystic fibrosis in a young rhesus monkey from an
autopsy, which is the first nonhuman case of this disease known to medical
science. “This appears to be the first animal model of cystic fibrosis, and
we are excited about its implications, “says Drs. Joel Wallach and Harold
McClure, who are veterinary pathologists at the Yerkes Research Center.
Since cystic fibrosis is thought to be a genetic disease, there is a
possibility that the parents and/or relatives of the affected monkey can
have additional offspring with cystic fibrosis. An animal model of cystic
fibrosis will permit investigators to learn a great deal about the basic causes
of the disease and how it might be treated, the Yerkes scientists explained.
At present, the basic cause and defect of cystic fibrosis is not known.
Cystic fibrosis is a disease of children, adolescents, and young adults
which is characterized by abnormal mucus secretions and fibrous scarring
in various organs like the pancreas, liver, lungs, reproductive and digestive
systems. Many of its victims die in early life of complications such as

malabsorption and pneumonia.

More than 25,000 white people in the United States have the disease,
but a much larger number, five percent of the entire white population, are
thought to be carriers of the recessive gene of cystic fibrosis. It is rarely
seen in the black population or in people of Asiatic origi

The discovery of the cystic fibrosis in the monkey came as Dr. Wallach,
assistant veterinary pathologist at the Yerkes Center, was performing a
routine autopsy on a six month old male rhesus monkey that had died
of unknown causes. He noticed pancreatic disease and bronchial mucus
production. Evaluation of this tissue later under a microscope revealed
“a classic textbook case" of cystic fibrosis as pictured in human medical
literature, Dr. Wallach said.

Studies of tissue from other organs confirmed that the monkey was
indeed a victim of cystic fibrosis according to Dr. Joel Wallach. His diagnosis
was reaffirmed by Dr. Victor Nasar, an Emory pediatric pathologist at
Atlanta's Grady Memorial Hospital and by Dr. John Easterly, a pathologist at
the Chicago Lying-In Hospital and a national authority on cystic fibrosis.

A report on the discovery was made on Saturday, March 4, 1978 at
a Primate Pathology workshop held in Atlanta. Drs. Wallach and McClure
gave the presentation at Emory's Glenn Memorial building near Grady
Hospital.

They said the infected animal was bred in a colony of rhesus monkeys
supported by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration for
studies pertaining to the U.S. space program. “What we have here is a
classic example of serendipity,” claim Drs. Wallach and McClure. “These
animals were being studied for the space program but are now also
providing us clues in a different area altogether.”

===== Screenshot (432) -- Page 318 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Dr. Nelly Golarz de Bourne, a behavioral researcher at the Yerkes Center,
is conducting NASA studies on the monkey colony in collaboration with
Dr. Geoffrey H. Bourne, the director at The Yerkes Center. Their records go
back at least ten years, and include information pertaining to breeding and
diseases of the animals.

“We can now go back and look at slides of the animals that died to see
whether any of them might have had any of the more subtle changes of
cystic fibrosis,” Dr. McClure explained. “This discovery has made us aware
that these animals can have the disease, so we can pursue new cases, both
in the past and future. If we can breed a supply of animals with cystic
fibrosis, using the parents, siblings, or other relatives with cystic fibrosis,
this would be a great boon to researchers.”

Until recently, research efforts toward understanding and curing cystic
fibrosis have been severely hampered by lack of an animal model. “We are
very fortunate that the rhesus monkey is the animal model that was found
by Dr. Wallach, because more is known about this animal than about any
other nonhuman primate,” states Dr. McClure. “They are also available for
research in fairly large quantities.”

Dr. James A. Peters, medical director of the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation
that has its headquarters in Atlanta, commented, “We eagerly await the
result's of Dr. Wallach’s studies because of the importance of an animal
model to both basic and clinical research on cystic fibrosis.”

Dr. Peters noted that Dr. Wallach will participate in a May 25-26,
1978 workshop in Bethesda, MD., speaking about the animal model now
available for the study of cystic fibrosis. The workshop is jointly sponsored
by the U.S. National In:
Disease and the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation.


ite of Arthritis, Metabolism, and Digestive

Wallach was invited to present a paper on his findings about cystic fibrosis to the
NIH Animal Model Conference in Maryland at the NIH Campus. He was asked for
an abstract of his presentation, and when he noted that the cystic fibrosis in the


rhesus monkey was caused by a selenium deficiency in the diet of a small colony
of rhesus monkeys that were being used to raise baby monkeys for space research
by NASA, Wallach was summarily terminated from his post and blackballed from
working as a pathologist.

Wallach attended the National College of Naturopathic Medi


e and taught
nutrition at the college in Portland, Oregon. His purpose was to become a
naturopathic physician (ND) so that he could treat cystic fibrosis children with his
nutritional approach.

In 1990 Wallach and Ma Lan went to Ct


‘a with the financial help of Wallach's
mother and the academic introductions of Ma Lan’s father’s (Ma Do) and mother’s
(Xia Pin) academic connections in China and they performed 1,700 autopsies on
children under the age of ten years of age in Keshan Provence. The purpose
was to examine children who had died of Keshan disease, a known selenium-
deficiency disease that resulted in death from hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
Wallach posited that if his observation was correct, that cystic fibrosis was in
fact due to a congenital or postnatal selenium deficiency, then surely some of the
Keshan disease children would also have cystic fibrosis. The result of the study
was that in fact that 595 or 35 percent of the Keshan disease children autopsied
also exhibited the classic gross and microscopic pancreatic, liver, heart, and lung
disease consistent with a diagnosis of cystic fibrosis, and 100 percent exhibited
the classic heart disease consistent with a diagnosis of “mulberry heart disease,”


a classic manifestation of selenium-deficiency muscular dystrophy in swine (see

===== Screenshot (433) -- Page 320 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Wallach, J.D., Ma, L., et al: Common denominators in the etiology and pathology
of visceral lesions of cystic fibrosis and Keshan disease. Biol Trace El. Res. 24:189-
205. 1990.)

The implementation of a gluten-free diet and the supplementation of the
90 essential nutrients and extra selenium has reversed the positive sweat test
(iu
measured in a blind study by an Italian pediatric hospital.


the “genetic marker” for cystic fibrosis) in an Italian cystic fibrosis baby as

An Alternative Theory to Conventional Thought
about the Cause of Duchenne Muscular Dystophy

The third commonly accepted theorized pattern of inheritance is that of an X-
linked recessive allele. According to the Merck Manual: The medical dogma for
this poses that a recessive allele on the X chromosome will most often be
expressed in males, who receive only one X chromosome from their mother, but
not in females, who receive an X chromosome from both their mother and their
father. This theory states that this leads to a distinctive sex-linked segregation
pattern where the disease is exhibited much more frequently in males than in
females.

For example, Duchenne muscular dystrophy (DMD), a muscle degenerative
disease that specifically affects males, is thought to be caused by a recessive allele
on the X chromosome. DMD exhibits the typical sex-linked segregation pattern
in which mothers who are heterozygous and therefore phenotypically normal
can act as carriers, transmitting the DMD allele, and therefore the disease, to 50
percent of their male progeny.

Wallach proposes an alternative theory. This is that the different and
various manifestations of muscular dystrophy are the result of a deficiency

of selenium and by random chance different muscle groups and concurrent
nutrient deficiencies of additional essential nutrients (such as vitamin E, sulphur,
methionine, zinc, omega 3-fatty acids, etc). The genetic theory posits that the
gene defect that causes DMD is different from the one that causes Becker's
muscular dystrophy, but both defects involve the same gene. The gene is
recessive and is carried on the X chromosome. While a female can carry the
defective gene, she doesn’t have the disease because the normal X chromosome
compensates for the gene defect on the other X chromosome. However, any male
who receives the defective X chromosome will have the disease.

Children with Duchenne’s muscular dystrophy have a reduced level of
dystrophin, an essential muscle protein involved in the basic structure of muscle
cells. Twenty to thirty boys of every 100,000 born have DMD while three of every
100,000 contract Becker’s muscular dystrophy. Female children with subclinical


muscular dystrophy tend to have a high rate of clinically significant scoliosis.

DMD tends to display symptoms between the ages of three and seven
as a weakness of the pelvic muscles making it difficult to stand up from a
deep squat position, as determined by the Wallach/Ropp test. Weakness in the
shoulder muscles soon follows and steadily progresses. As the skeletal muscles
become weaker they tend to hypertrophy. In 90 percent of the children with
DMD, the heart muscle hypertrophies (as shown in Keshan disease, hypertrophic
cardiomyopathy, and “mulberry heart disease” of swine) and is often the ultimate
cause of death.

Children with DMD tend to waddle, fall frequently, have difficulty in climbing
stairs and rising from a sitting position; the afflicted muscles of the arms and
legs contract at the joints, producing a limit in extension of knees and elbows. By
age 10 to 12 years of age most children with muscular dystrophy are confined to
a wheelchair and most unsupplemented muscular dystrophy patients die by the
age of 20 years.

===== Screenshot (434) -- Page 322 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Children with Becker's muscular dystrophy tend to have less severe symptoms
and a later onset of disease at about age 10 years. Few are confined in
wheelchairs and 90 percent are still alive at age 20 years.

Landouzy-Dejerine muscular dystrophy is said by dogma to be transmitted
by an “autosomal dominant gene”; therefore, in this model, only one abnormal
gene can cause the disease. In this form of muscular dystrophy, both males and
females are afflicted at the same rate, the symptoms begin between the ages of
7 and 20 years. This form of muscular dystrophy always involves the facial and
shoulder muscles, making it difficult for patients to raise their arms, whistle, and
close their eyes. Some will also develop the typical leg weakness of Duchenne’s
muscular dystrophy.

Limb-girdle muscular dystrophies cause weakness in the muscles of either
the pelvis (Leyden-Mobius muscular dystrophy) or the shoulder (Erb’s muscular
dystrophy).


ochondrial myopathies are thought by dogma to be transmitted through
faulty mitochondrial genes. These forms of myopathies are rare and typically
cause weakness in single muscle groups such as the eye muscles (eg,
ophthalmoplegia).

The different forms of muscular dystrophy are in fact the same disease and

not caused by different genes. Instead the various manifestations of muscular
dystrophy occur by dumb luck, random chance, and a combination of concurrent
deficiencies of multiple nutrients in addition to the selenium deficiency.

Positive muscle biopsy and elevated blood creatinine levels are required to
make a diagnosis of muscular dystrophy. The microscopic changes in the muscle
fibers afflicted with muscular dystrophy typically have hypertrophy, lose their
contractile striations, and display a classic wax-like hyaline change.

The genetic model for muscular dystrophy is declared to be incurable. But
with an obsessive avoidance of gluten along with supplementation with the 90
essential nutrients and the addition of extra selenium can prevent and reverse
all forms of muscular dystrophy. The earlier the gluten-free diet is employed
and the nutrient treatment begins in the patient's life, the more rapid, dramatic,
and complete are the results. In livestock, injections of a mixture of selenium
and vitamin E to calves, lambs, kids, and piglets afflicted with “white muscle
disease” (aka muscular dystrophy) cures the disease in days.

However, the current medical approach to human muscular dystrophy is
surgery, prednisone, crutches, braces and wheelchairs, and the advice to consult a
genetic counselor.

===== Screenshot (435) -- Page 325 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

CHAPTER TEN


Linus Pauling: Polymath

Linus Pauling is widely considered the greatest chemist of his century.
Most scientists create a niche for themselves, an area where they feel secure,
but Pauling had an enormously wide range of scientific interests: quantum
mechanics, crystallography, mineralogy, structural chemistry, anesthesia,
immunology, medicine, evolution, etc. In all these fields and especially in the
border regions between them, he saw where the problems lay, and, backed
up by his speedy assimilation of the essential facts and by (means) of his
prodigious memory, he made distinctive and decisive contributions. He is best
known, perhaps, for his insights into chemical bonding, for the discovery of
the principal elements of protein secondary structure, the alpha-helix and
the beta-sheet, and for the first identification of a molecular disease (sickle-
cell anemia), but there are a multitude of other important contributions.

Pauling was one of the founders of the scientific field of molecular
biology in the true sense of the term. For these achievements, he was
awarded the 1954 Nobel Prize in Chemistry.

Jack Dunitz

Lifestory: Linus Pauling,
produced by the British Broadcasting Corporation, 1997

Linus Pauling felt very deeply that he had been shaped by the values
of the Western frontier: self-sufficiency, restless energy, love of nature,
inquisitiveness, and hard work. One can see these traits in his scientific
career, as his insatiable curiosity drove him from one field to another. He
liked to work on the frontiers of knowledge, not in safe, crowded fields
and many of his greatest discoveries were made in the interstices, between
disciplines—between chemistry and physics, chemistry and biology,
chemistry and medicine. Francis Crick once called him, “the greatest chemist
in the world.” When Pauling was born, chemistry was a discipline dominated
by Germans, but when he died, it was dominated by Americans, and Linus
Pauling did much to bring about this transformation.

—Robert J. Paradowski
Linus Pauling: Scientist and Peacemaker

Linus Carl Pauling was born on February 28, 1901 in Portland, Oregon, to
Herman and Lucy Isabelle (Darling) Pauling, nicknamed “Belle.” He was named
Linus after Belle's father and Carl after Herman's father.

In 1905 the Paulings moved to the farming town of Condon, Oregon, where
Herman opened a drug store. William P. Murphy, who would win the Nobel Prize
in Medicine in 1934, also lived in Condon at that time.

In 1909 Herman moved the entire family back to Portland after a fire totally
destroyed the drug store. A year later, on May12, Herman Pauling wrote a letter
to the Portland Oregonian about his nine-year-old son who “is a great reader”
and deeply interested in ancient history and the natural sciences. He also asked

===== Screenshot (436) -- Page 327 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

readers of the newspaper to advise him about the proper works to procure for his
child, who has “prematurely developed inclinations.”

One month later, on June 11, Herman Pauling died suddenly of a perforated
gastric ulcer complicated by peritonitis.

In 1914, after observing an exciting chemical reaction in the makeshift
bedroom laboratory of his high school classmate, Lloyd Alexander Jeffress,
Pauling made up his mind to become a chemist.

In 1916, in the spring term at Washington High School, Pauling entered into
his first chemistry class.

In 1917, in the spring term, Pauling applied for two semesters of American
History, which were required subjects prior to graduation; however, the principal
would not let him take both courses at the same time, which resulted in Pauling
not getting a high school diploma. On October 6, 1917, Pauling entered the
Oregon Agricultural College, which eventually became Oregon State University in
Corvallis.

In 1925 Pauling earned his PhD in chemistry, minoring in physics and
mathematics, with his dissertation entitled, “The Determination with X-rays of
the Structure of Crystals.”

In 1926, in January, the Guggenheim Fellowships were announced and Pauling
was chosen as a fellow and he goes to Europe.

In 1927 one of Pauling’s greatest works was published: “The Theoretical
Prediction of the Physical Properties of Many-Electron Atoms and lons, Mole
Refraction, Diamagnetic Susceptibility, and Extension in Space.” That year Pauling
returned to Caltech and was named Assistant Professor of Theoretical Chemistry.

In July of 1930 Pauling worked on quantum mechanics in Germany at Arnold
Sommerfeld’ Institute for Theoretical Physics. While visiting Ludwigshafen,
Pauling got Hermann Mark's permission to use his electron-diffraction techniques
at Caltech.

In December, Pauling developed a new theory of the quantum mechanics of
the chemical bond. He published a paper in the Journal of the American Chemical
Society entitled “The Nature of the Chemical Bond." Prior to Pauling’s landmark
paper, chemists believed there were two types of chemical bonds: (1) lonic: when
one atom gives up an electron to another, and (2) covalent: when atoms share
electrons. Pauling posed that the chemical bond was not that simple; in fact he
demonstrated that electron sharing was somewhere between ionic and covalent.

Pauling's new theory revolutionized the field, combining quantum physics
with chemistry. His concept was so revolutionary that when the journal editor
received the manuscript, he couldn't locate an appropriate group of referees to
review the paper. When Einstein was asked to review the paper, he threw up
his arms and exclaimed, “It was too complicated for me.” For this single paper,
Pauling received the Langmuir Prize as the most outstanding young chemist in
America, He became the youngest individual elected to the National Academy
of Sciences, was made a full professor at Caltech, and won the Nobel Prize in
Chemistry when he was thirty years of age.

In 1933 Pauling was elected the youngest member of the National Academy
of Sciences.

In 1934 Pauling applied for and received a three-year grant from the
Rockefeller Foundation to support research on the structure of hemoglobin and
other biologically important substances.

In 1935 Pauling and E. Bright Wilson, Jr. published Introduction to Quantum
Mechanics, with Applications to Chemistry, a popular textbook for introducing
chemists and physicists to the new field of quantum mechanics.

In 1939 The Nature of the Chemical Bond, and the Structure of Molecules and
Crystals was published. This book, Pauling’s greatest, became, by the end of the
century, “the most cited book in the scientific literature.”

===== Screenshot (437) -- Page 329 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

In 1945 Pauling learned about sickle-cell anemia from Dr. William Castle, and
theorizes that red blood cell sickling can be explained by abnormal hemoglobin.

In 1947 Pauling published General Chemistry, a textbook that is an immediate
success and revolutionizes the teaching of college chemistry.

In 1948 Harvey A. Itano, one of Pauling’s PhD students, was able to prove
that there was a slight electrophoretic difference between normal and sickle-cell
anemia hemoglobin. Pauling’s group felt that people suffering from “sicklemia,” a
milder form of the disease, was made up of a mixture of normal and pathological
hemoglobin, in approximately equal amounts. They theorized that “sicklemia”
was a heterozygous manifestation and sickle-cell anemia was the homozygous
manifestation of the disease.

Based on their accumulated data on the molecular manifestation of sickle-cell
anemia, Pauling and Itano proposed several treatments to prevent sickling. After
two years of clinical trials, the results turned out to be a failure and were never
published. Unfortunately, this would not be the last of such failures. According
to Pauling, “Even today, our extremely detailed understanding of the molecular
etiology of sickle-cell anemia has led to new diagnostic possibilities, but little in


the way of significant improvements in therapy.”

In November of 1949 an article was published in the journal Science, which
would over time play a fundamental role in the establishment of molecular
biology and molecular medicine. Linus Pauling and his associates published a
paper with the unusual title “Sickle-cell Anemia, a Molecular Disease,” showing
that the hemoglobin molecules of patients afflicted with this deadly “hereditary”
affliction had a different electrical charge than those of healthy patients. The
paper had a dynamic impact on the biomedical community and the public at
large, and it rapidly became a “citation classic.”

Pauling’s paper was important and novel in two different ways. Number one,
it demonstrated for the very first time that the cause of a disease could be traced

to an altered molecular structure, raising hopes that all diseases might eventually
be explained in a similar fashion; secondly, since sickle-cell anemia was “known
to be heritable,” the paper argued that genes determined precisely the structure
of proteins. These two points have become dogma over the years, so it seems
surprising that they were not always embraced.

Pauling, along with chemist Walter A. Schroeder, performed chromatographic
analysis of normal and sickle-cell anemia hemoglobin and was surprised to find in
1950 that there was no difference in amino acid content, which could explain the
electrophoresis result, a conclusion that was confirmed by additional researchers.

Pauling revamped his theory to propose that “the electrophoretic difference
resulted from a difference in folding of the polypeptide chain.” In 1954 he
summarized his new theory in a Harvey lecture where he stated that “the gene
responsible for the sickle-cell abnormality is one that determines the nature of
the folding of polypeptide chains, rather than their compositions.”

In 1991 Wallach was contacted by Phil Oliver, the genetic councilor for the
Sickle-cell Foundation of Georgia. Oliver had read Wallach's The Diseases of
Exotic Animals and was shocked to read that Wallach could reverse sickle-cell
anemia in white tail deer with a complete nutritional supplement program
that was based on the 90 essential nutrients and emphasized the trace mineral
selenium!

Oliver asked Wallach if he thought the supplement that was successful in
white tail deer would also work in humans and Wallach q


kly responded
with a resounding—yes!

Wallach flew to Atlanta, Georgia, and showed Oliver how to put the sickle-


cell patients on a gluten-free, anti-inflammation diet and to supplement this


the 90 essential nutrients, with an emphasis on extra amounts of the

===== Screenshot (438) -- Page 331 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS


trace mineral selenium. The disease was then able to be clinically controlled in

the small study group of humans using the Wallach protocol.


Oliver quickly formed a Sickle-cell Support Group (initially made up of
25 people) to get the information about the new treatment to the victims
of sickle-cell anemia in Georgia. The universally successful results were very
popular and the word spread quickly.

Those 25 members of the original support group who had obsessively
followed a gluten-free diet and faithfully employed the supplement program
had no flare-ups or hospitalizations. At the very least we had proved that


sickle-cell anemia could be clinically managed in humans with a nutritional
formula that had eliminated the disease in white tail deer!

As of 2013, Wallach’s gluten-free diet and 90 essential nutrient and
selenium protocol for sickle-cell anemia is used internationally and continues


to benefit all those who employ it.

In 1951, on his fiftieth birthday, Pauling contributed his article "The Structure
of Proteins: Two Hydrogen-Bonded Helical Configurations of the Polypeptide
Chain,” to the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (PNAS).
Everyone knew that proteins were a chain of amino acids; however, Pauling
suggested that proteins had a secondary structure that was dictated by the
folding pattern. He referred to one of these configurations as the “alpha helix,”
which was later referred to by James Watson and Francis Crick to explain the basic
helical structure of DNA.

In October 1954 Pauling learned that he has been awarded the Nobel Prize
in chemistry for “his research into the nature of the chemical bond and its
application to the elucidation of the structure of complex substances.”

In 1961 Pauling obtained blood from gorillas, chimpanzees, and monkeys
from the San Diego Zoo to answer the question, “Could mutations in hemoglobin
be used as a kind of evolutionary clock.” Pauling then suggested that humans
and gorillas had diverged from a common ancestor “about 11 million years ago.”
A fellow chemist noted that, “At one stroke he (Pauling) united the fields of
paleontology, evolutionary biology, and molecular biology.”

On October 1963, on the day that the partial ban on nuclear testing went into
effect, the Nobel Peace Prize Committee of the Norwegian Parliament announces
the awarding of the 1962 Nobel Peace Prize to Linus Pauling. He was now only
one of two men who had received two unshared Nobel Prizes.

In 1970 Pauling's best-selling book, Vitamin C and the Common Cold, was
published. The book would be awarded the Phi Beta Kappa Book Award in
1971 as one of the most distinguished and important works published in 1970.
Paperback editions were published in 1971 and 1973, and a second edition,
Vitamin C, the Common Cold and the Flu published three years later suggested
that vitamin C could fend off a swine flu pandemic. Sales of vitamin C quadrupled
and pharmacies could not keep up with the demand. Fifty million Americans were
lining up to follow Pauling's vitamin C protocol. Vitamin manufacturers referred
to this massive response as the “Linus Pauling effect.”

In 1974 the Institute of Orthomolecular Medicine changed its name to the
Linus Pauling Institute of Science and Medicine.

On August 19, 1994, Linus Pauling died at the age of 93 from complications of
prostate cancer at the Deer Flat Ranch, Big Sur, California.

===== Screenshot (439) -- Page 334 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

CHAPTER ELEVEN


The Double Helix: Watson and Crick

We've discovered the secret of life.
—Francis Crick, said on February 28, 1953
Nobel Prize winner 1962

Gene sequencing is not the solution. The solution is good (Bio)- chemistry.
Sequencing genes isn’t proving to be particularly useful in fighting diseases
such as cancer and diabetes and much of the research being done on
these subjects is irrelevant. You could sequence 150,000 people with
cancer and its not going to cure anyone. It might give you a few leads,
but it’s not the solution. The solution is good (bio)-chemistry. Most of the
(genetic) experiments we do are irrelevant. We're not going to cure cancer
(and diabetes) by doubling the money. We're going to do it by being more
intelligent.

—James D. Watson, March 25, 2013
Nobel Prize winner 1962

Salk Institute, San Diego, California

Seminar March 25, 2013,

There is no symbol of science more iconic than the double helix of DNA, the 1953
identification and description of this structure by James Watson, an American,
and Francis Crick, an Englishman from Cambridge University, was thought to be
monumental.

On April 6, 1928, James D. Watson was born in Chicago, Illinois. He eventually
became a molecular biologist, geneticist, and zoologist who is best known for his
co-discovery of the structure of DNA in 1953 with Francis Crick.

He was the only son of Jean Mitchell and James D. Watson, a tax collector
of English descent. His mother’s father, Lauchlin Mitchell, a tailor, was from
Glasgow, Scotland, and her mother, Lizzie Gleason, was the child of Irish parents
from the town of Tipperary, Ireland, Raised Catholic, he later described himself as
“an escapee from the Catholic religion.” Watson said, “The luckiest thing that ever
happened to me was that my father didn’t believe in God.”

Watson attended public school and graduated ahead of his peers. He was
fascinated with bird watching, a hobby he shared with his father, so he considered
a career in ornithology. Watson appeared on the radio show Quiz Kids, which was
a show that challenged bright children with pointed questions. Because of the
unique admission policies of the University of Chicago and university president
Robert Hutchins, Watson was accepted at age 15 asa full-time student.

After reading Erwin Schrodinger’s book What Is Life in 1946, Watson changed
his major and professional direction from ornithology to genetics. In 1947
Watson eared his B.S. degree in Zoology from the University of Chicago and
in his autobiography Avoid Boring People, Watson described the University of
Chicago as an “idyllic academic institution” where he was instilled with the skills

===== Screenshot (440) -- Page 336 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

for critical thought and “an ethical compulsion not to suffer fools who impeded
his search for truth.”

In 1947 Watson left Chicago and entered graduate school at Indiana
University to study under the 1946 Nobel Prize winner, Herman Joseph Muller,
who, in landmark publications in 1922, 1929, and in the 1930s, formulated the
basic properties of the heredity molecule that Schrodinger ultimately presented
in his 1944 book.

Watson, Crick, and Maurice Wilkins were awarded the 1962 Nobel Prize in
Physiology/Medicine “for their discoveries concerning the molecular structure of
nucleic acids and its significance for information transfer in living material.”

In 1950 Watson received his PhD degree from the University of Indiana with
his thesis “The Biological Properties of X-Ray Inactivated Bacteriophage."

Following studies at the University of Chicago and Indiana University, he
worked at the University of Cambridge's Cavendish Laboratory in England, where
he first met his future collaborator and friend Francis Crick.

In 1956 Watson was appointed a junior member of Harvard University's
Biological Laboratories with the responsibility to promote research in molecular
biology; he held the post until 1976.

Between 1988 and 1992 Watson was associated with the National Institutes of
Health, and during this period he contributed to the establishment of the Human
Genome Project.

Watson has written numerous books, including the textbook, The Molecular
Biology of the Gene (1965) and his bestselling book, The Double Helix (1968),
which documented the events leading to the discovery of the DNA structure (it
was edited by Gann and Witkowski and reissued in a new edition in 2012: The
Annotated and Illustrated Double Helix).

In 1968 Watson became the director of the Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory
(CSHL) on Long Island, New York, where he expanded its level of funding and

research. At CSHL, he redirected the facility's research emphasis to the study of
cancer. In 1994 he was appointed to the post of president and served in that
capacity for ten years, when he was then appointed to the post of chancellor, in
which capacity he served until 2007.

In his memoir, Avoid Boring People: Lessons from a Life in Science, Watson
referred to his academic colleagues as “dinosaurs,” “deadbeats,” “fossils,” “has-
beens,” “mediocre,” and “vapid.” Steve Shapin in Harvard Magazine noted that
Watson had written an unlikely Book of Manners, noting the skills necessary
at different times in a scientist's career; he wrote that Watson was known for
aggressively pursuing his own goals at the university. E.0. Wilson once described
Watson as “the most unpleasant human being | had ever met,” but in a later TV
interview, said that “he considered them to be friends, and their rivalry at Harvard
was old history.”

In early October 2007 Watson was about to begin on a UK book tour to
promote the memoir. He was interviewed by Charlotte Hunt-Grubbe at CSHL for
the Sunday Times Magazine to highlight the beginning of his tour.

During the interview Hunt-Grubbe broached the subject of race and
intelligence and Watson replied that he was “inherently gloomy about the
prospect of Africa, because all of our social policies are based on the fact that
their intelligence is the same as ours—whereas all the testing says ‘not really,’ and
| know that this ‘hot potato’ is going to be difficult to address.” He said his hope
was that everyone is equal, but he countered this by saying that “people who
have to deal with black employees find this not true.” He said that you should not
discriminate on the basis of color, because “there are many people of color who
are very talented, but don’t promote them when they haven't succeeded at the
lower levels.”

Because of the public controversy, on October 18, 2007, the Board of Trusties
at CSHL suspended Watson's administrative duties. On October19th Watson

===== Screenshot (441) -- Page 338 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

released an apology and on October 25th, Watson resigned his position as
chancellor. In 2008 Watson was appointed chancellor emeritus of CSHL. In a 2008
BBC documentary, Watson stated, “I have never thought of myself as a racist. | am
mortified by it. It (the interview) was the worst thing in my life.”

DNA or deoxyribonucleic acid is the material that contains the genetic
instructions or blueprints (scripts) for all living organisms: humans, horse, fruit fly,
bacteria, corn, oak tree, etc.

Prior to Watson and Crick, the existence of DNA was known, but some genetic
experts were highly skeptical that it contained genetic material. What was left to
be done was to find out what the DNA structure actually looked like.

Watson and Crick created DNA models out of sticks and balls, not unlike Tinker
toys. They originally operated under the incorrect belief that DNA was a triple
heli

While Watson and Crick have been credited with the elucidation of the
structure of DNA, it is a fact that they built their understanding of the DNA
structure on the work of others, including Linus Pauling (recipient of two
unshared Nobel Prizes), who theorized that DNA was a triple helix, and British


biophysicist Rosalind Franklin, who in 1952 used a painstaking technique referred
to as x-ray diffraction to make a famous three dimensional image of DNA.

Photographs produced by the X-ray crystallography method are not actually
pictures of molecules. The spots and smudges were produced by X-rays that
were diffracted as they passed through crystalized DNA. Crystallographers use
mathematical equations to translate the resultant patterns from the spots to
translate the patterns to the three dimensional shapes of the molecule.

Watson and Crick based their double helix model of DNA on data that they
were able to extract from Franklin's X-ray diffraction photo. They interpreted the
pattern of spots on the X-ray photograph to mean that DNA was helical in shape.
Based on Watson's recollection of the photograph, he and Crick deduced that

the helix had a uniform width of 2 nanometers (nm), with its nitrogenous bases
stacked 0.34 nm apart. The width of the helix suggested that it was made up of
two strands, contrary to the three strands that Pauling had proposed.

Using molecular models made of wire, Watson and Crick began building scale
models of a double helix that would conform to the X-ray measurements and
what was then known about the chemistry of DNA. After failing to make a model
that placed the sugar-phosphate chains on the inside of the molecule, Watson
tried putting them on the outside and forcing the nitrogenous bases to swivel to
the interior of the double helix.

Imagine this double helix as a rope ladder having rigid rungs, with the ladder
twisted into a spiral. The side ropes are the equivalent of the sugar-phosphate
backbones, and the rungs represent pairs of nitrogenous basses. Franklin's X-ray
data indicated that the helix made one full turn every 3.4 nm along its length.
Because the bases were stacked just 0.34 nm apart, there were ten layers of
base pairs, or rungs on the ladder, in each turn of the helix. This configuration
made sense because it put the relatively hydrophobic nitrogenous bases in the
molecule's interior and away from the surrounding aqueous medium.

The nitrogenous bases of the double helix are paired in specific combinations:
adenine (A) with thymine (T), and guanine (G) with cytosine (C). It was primarily
by trial and error that Watson and Crick arrived at this key feature of DNA. At first,
Watson theorized that the bases paired like-with-like; for example, A with A and C


with C. However, the model did not match with the X-ray diffraction data, which
showed that the double helix had a uniform diameter.

Adenine and guanine are purines, nitrogenous bases with two organic rings.
In contrast, cytosine and thymine belong to the family of nitrogenous bases
known as pyrimidines, which have a single ring, making the purines A and G
approximately twice as wide as the pyrimidines C and T. A purine-purine pair
would be too wide and a pyrimidine-pyrimidine pair would be too narrow to

===== Screenshot (442) -- Page 340 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

justify the 2 nm diameter of the double helix. The solution was to always pair a
purine with a pyrimidine.

Watson and Crick reasoned that there must be additional specificity of pairing
dictated by the structure of the bases. Each base has chemical side groups that
can form hydrogen bonds with its appropriate counterpart: adenine can form two
hydrogen bonds with thymine and only thymine; guanine forms three hydrogen
bonds with cytosine and only cytosine. By default A can only pair with T, and G
can only pair with C.

The Watson-Crick double helix model fully explained Chargaff's rules: Chargaff
found a peculiar regularity in the ratios of nucleotide bases. In the DNA of each
species he studied, the number of adenines approximately equaled the number
of thymines, and the number of guanines equaled the number of cytosines. In
human DNA, the four bases are present in the following percentages - A = 30.9%
and T = 29.4%; G = 19.9% and C = 19.8%. The A= T and the G = C equalities, later
referred to as Chargaff's rules, was unexplained until the proposal of the double
helix.


Wherever one strand of a DNA molecule has an A, the partner strand has
a T; and a G in one strand is always paired with a C in the complementary
strand. Therefore, in the DNA of any organism, the amount of adenine equals the
amount of thymine, and the amount of guanine equals the amount of cytosine.
Although the base-pairing rules dictate the combinations of nitrogenous bases
that form the “rungs” of the double helix, they do not restrict the sequence of
the nucleotides along each DNA strand. Therefore, the linear sequence of the
four bases can be varied in countless forms, and each gene has a unique base
sequence.

Franklin was the X-ray crystallographer that actually took the photograph that
enabled Watson and Crick to deduce the double helical structure of DNA. Franklin
died of cancer when she was 38 years of age. Her colleague, Maurice Wilkins,

was a co-recipient of the 1962 Nobel Prize along with Watson and Crick for co-
discovering the double helical structure of DNA in April 1953. Franklin was not
included in the award because the Nobel Committee does not award the prize
posthumously.

In April 1953 Watson and Crick shocked the scientific community with an
article that was given a one page announcement in the British journal Nature
(see Watson, J.D. and Crick, FH.C.: “Molecular Structure of Nucleic Acids: A
Structure for Deoxynucleic Acids.” Nature.171(1953), p.738.). The paper reported
their molecular model for DNA: the double helix, which has since become the
symbol of molecular biology. The value of the Watson and Crick model was that
its structure posited the basic mechanism of DNA replication. They ended their
landmark paper with the following paragraph: “It has not escaped our notice that
the specific pairing we have postulated immediately suggests a possible copying
mechanism for the genetic material.

We now know that in humans the double helix in the nuclei of each cell and
that each somatic (body) cell contains 46 pairs of chromosomes and that the
sperm and the egg each has 23 pairs (one pair maternal and the other paternal).
The DNA molecule contains the information that determines what each individual
looks like (e.g., blue eyes, blond hair, black skin, gender, etc.) and directs cellular
functions including enzymatic, respiration, repair, and reproduction.

It has been calculated that if the 46 segments of DNA in one cell were to
be uncoiled, connected end to end, and laid out flat it would be approximately
seven feet long. The resulting ribbon would be so thin that its details could not
be visualized except perhaps by an electron microscope. Calculations then reveal
that if the sum total of an individual's DNA were placed end to end it would
stretch from the earth to the moon 500,000 times. Another way to grasp the
immensity of information stored in one individual's DNA would be to create a
type-written format that would completely fill the entire Grand Canyon 50 times.

===== Screenshot (443) -- Page 342 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

It is estimated that the human body is made up of 50 to 70 trillion cells. Cells
are the basic building blocks or bricks that are found in a wide range of tissues,
such as the liver, brain, cartilage, skin, kidney, heart, thyroid, gonads, etc.

In the perfect world, the normal genetic controls keep the various cell types,
their anatomy, their physiology, and their directed functions on the rails. Unless a
stick is put into the spokes, peoples’ liver is not found in their skull and they will
have two eyes appropriately located.

It’s quite remarkable when you think about it, because all of the tissues of
plants and animals start with two cells: the sperm and the egg. When the egg is
pierced by the sperm and is “fertilized” the new organism becomes a zygote.

The zygote divides and produces a daughter cell, and they each divide, and
then there are four, and this is repeated again and again. What makes the process
so remarkable is that after a short period of time—minutes in fruit flies, hours in
chicken eggs, and days in humans—the cells begin to differentiate and specialize,
form different tissues and organs, and all from the single zygote cell!

The British Liver Trust points out that the liver brags of over 500 functions,
including managing food that has been digested and absorbed from the
gastrointestinal tract, disarms toxins, produces bile to support absorption of
lipids and fat soluble vitamins, and 497 other tasks.

Hemoglobin carries oxygen throughout the vascular system; kidneys filter the
blood and produce urine; the brain and spinal cord stores memory and interpret
light and images, tastes and smells, and drive motor functions; the lens in the
eye focuses light on the retina; and muscles move the entire body; —all from one
complete zygote.

The initial mistake was that geneticists believed that the “genetic code” was a
blueprint, like the blueprint of a building, and it didn’t matter if the construction
company was American, Chinese, Irish, Mexican, or South African because the
resulting building would be exactly alike, since it used the same raw materials and

the same blueprint, and as a result would be invariably the same building.
Well, it turns out that the gene and the genetic code is not a blueprint, but is
instead a “script” that is easily modified, interpreted, or differentiated by actors,
directors, and producers. So this is epigenetics rather than genetics!
The DNA is the script, the basic information—the code. Nessa Carey posits in
chapter 3 “Life as We Knew It" in The Epigenetics Revolution:

If DNA is a code, then it must contain symbols that can be read. It must act
like a language. This is exactly what the DNA code does. It might seem odd
when we think how complicated we humans are, but our DNA is a language
with only four letters. These letters are known as bases, and their full
names are adenine, cytosine, guanine, and thymine. They are abbreviated
to A, C, G, and T. One of the easiest ways to visualize DNA mentally is as a
Zipper).

One of the most obvious things that we know about a zip(per) is that it
is formed of two strips facing each other: this also true of DNA. The four
bases of DNA are the teeth of the zip(per). The bases on each side of the
zip(per) can link up to each other chemically and hold the zip(per) together.
The two bases facing each other and joined up like this are known as a
base-pair. The fabric strips that the teeth are stitched on to on a zip(per)
are the DNA back bones. There are always two backbones facing each other,
like two sides of the zip(per), and DNA is therefore referred to as double-
stranded. The two sides of the zip(per) are basically twisted around to form
a spiral structure—the famous double helix.

On March 25, 2013, James Watson gave a lecture to an invitation-only
academic gathering at the Salk Institute in San Diego, California, almost sixty
years after the announcement that he and Francis Crick had identified and
mapped out the double helix structure of DNA.

===== Screenshot (444) -- Page 244 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Watson's lecture was a far cry from the heady days of 1953 when he and
Crick believed they had identified the very “secret to life itself.” With obvious
disappointment, Watson declared that “gene sequencing is not the answer to
solving the problems of human health, and much of the research currently being
conducted is irrelevant!”

===== Screenshot (445) -- Page 245 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

CHAPTER TWELVE


Mapping the Genome

We now have the possibility of achieving all we ever hoped for from
medicine.
—UK Science Minister Lord Sainsbury
June 26, 2000
On the day of the completion of the
mapping of the human genome

The earth is not flat, pellagra is not caused by a germ, and the sun does not
revolve around the earth! Unfortunately science advances one funeral at a time.
Protectors of a particular scientific belief or theory (particularly vicious regarding
medical theories) will go to the extremes of blackballing, such as was the case
with reactions to the theories of the etiology of cystic fibrosis (Wallach) and the
practice of eugenics (Galton), and when there were executions for practitioners of
sorcery (Joan of Arc). There have been uncountable murders and wars to thwart
competing information, theories, and truths.

When “the” existing “truth” is dethroned, the champions of “the new truth”

become the ruthless defenders of “the” new “truth,” thus creating a death-watch
for the next funeral for new champions to advance science.

Perhaps one of the most clear thinking epigeneticists is Nessa Carey, a PhD
virologist who was trained at the University of Edinburgh and was a senior
lecturer at Imperial College in London. In her book The Epigenetics Revolution:
How Modern Biology Is Rewriting Our Understanding of Genetics, Disease, and
Inheritance, she points out that even experts in the genome projects have been
frustrated with the lack of usefulness of what they have mapped out.

The genomes of more than 180 species have been sequenced since 1995.
Genome sequencing reads and records the order of DNA nucleotides in a genome:
the pattern of the base pairs A-C and G-T that comprise an individual's DNA.
The 1977 genome sequencing project of Frederick Sanger, the great modern
geneticist, drove the creation of the Human Genome Project by developing
techniques of amino acid sequencing.

Sangers's work that identified the amino acid sequencing of insulin in 1951
gave people the false hope that diseases thought to be genetically transmitted
could be prevented and cured through “genetic engineering.”

The Sanger's sequencing technique involves separating fluorescent-labeled
DNA fragments based on the length of a polyacrylamide gel. The base at the end
of each fragment is identified by how it responds to a specific dye.

Sanger used his technique to sequence the DNA of the bacteriophage fx174, a
viral genome with 5,368 base pairs. He discovered that there was overlap among
the genes in some areas with respect to coding, a finding that enabled geneticists
to analyze longer strands of DNA more rapidly and with greater accuracy than
earlier efforts. For his work, in 1980 Sanger was awarded his second Nobel Prize
in chemistry, which he shared with Walter Gilbert and Paul Berg. Sanger had won
his first Nobel Prize in 1958 for his work in identifying the structure of proteins.

===== Screenshot (446) -- Page 347 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

The purpose of all of this genetic research was to provide the tools necessary
to correct diseases thought to be genetically transmitted. The process to produce
these genetic tools is referred to as “genetic engineering.”

Genetic engineering, also referred to as genetic modification, involves direct
manipulation of an organism's genetic material. It employs recombinant DNA,
in which two or more genetic sequences are combined in a way that would not
commonly occur in nature.

The Ori
biochemists Herbert Boyer and Stanley Cohen, who developed the technique of
DNA cloning.

The first genetically engineered organisms were bacteria (1973) and mice


in of genetic engineering is based on the work of American

(1974). More recently, biologists have used genetic engineering principals in
research, biotechnology, medicine, and other fields.

The process involves collecting the appropriate DNA material and copying it to
ensure that the genes will express themselves and the desired genetic material is
placed into a host genome.

The Human Genome Project (HGP) began in 1990 under the leadership of
James Watson, the American molecular biologist, who had along with Francis
Crick won the Nobel Prize in 1962 for elucidating the structure of the DNA double
helix, and later under the leadership of an American physician-geneticist Francis
Collins.

The HGP is the international effort assembled to determine the genetic
sequence of the approximately three billion base pairs in human DNA and to
understand the functions of its 20,000 genes.

Genes are the units of heredity and are found as actual physical structures that
are found on stretches of DNA and function by producing or replicating proteins
or an RNA molecule that has a specific enzymatic or structural function.

To accelerate the identification of the human genetic sequence, the computer

augmented genome was broken up into smaller fragments to be worked on
by different investigators. These small fragments were inserted into bacteria
which would then reproduce them for a standard source and unlimited supply
or “library” of these cloned DNA fragments. The next step was to assemble the
resulting fragments into the complete whole DNA strands.

The biggest revelation was that except for identical twins, each human
genome differs—Houston, we have a problem! The HGP participants had
incorrectly anticipated that there would be a “one genome fits all” result of their
study. The idea was that if someone had defective DNA, they could come to the
lab and get a DNA transplant much in the same way that one can receive a heart,
liver, kidney, or bone marrow transplant.

Again, totally unexpected results were that less than one percent of the
human genome’s DNA codes for protein reproduction. The number of genes
in humans is now known to fall somewhere in between the number of genes
found in grapes (30,400) and the number of genes found in chickens (16,700).
And almost half of the human genome is comprised of interchangeable DNA
fragments that move around, on and in between chromosomes.

Collins (the physician) reported in 2001 that the HGP had assembled the
majority of the human genome map:


“It’s a history book: a narrative of the
journey of our species through time. It’s a shop manual: an incredibly detailed
blueprint for building every human cell. And it’s a transformative textbook of
medicine with insights that will give health-care providers immense new powers
to treat, prevent, and cure disease.”

Amore complete genome sequence that was announced in 2003 is considered
by physicians and the genetic industry, “to be a watershed moment in the history
of civilization.”

In November 2012 a report from the $120 million 1000 Genomes Project
announced that the complete mapping of the DNA material from more than

===== Screenshot (447) -- Page 249 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

1,000 humans from 14 population groups in Europe, Africa, East Asia, and
the Americas had been achieved. The project involved 700 scientists from
laboratories in the United States, Canada, China, Japan, Nigeria, and Kenya.

The report identified 38 million variations in the chemical letters of DNA that
make up each of the average person's 23,000 plus genes and the DNA regions
that control them—an estimated 98% of all the human variations in the world.
This immense catalogue of the human genetic code is equal to 16 million file
cabinets or 30,000 DVDs.

In general, all humans share approximately 99% of the DNA code that controls
development, health, personality, and other traits. However, the common genetic
variations that most people share account for only a small percentage of the risk
for diseases thought to be heritable.

Genetic variation among people refers to the differences in the order of

chemical units (nucleotides), identified by the acronyms A, G, C, and T, which
would be the equivalent of the three billion letters of the DNA in the human
genome.

“The biggest question is trying to figure out how much of this variation is
meaningful,” said Dr. Aravinda Chakravarti, an expert in disease genomics at
Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore who is part of the genomic project, “much
of it may make very little difference.”

The report also shows that there are differences in people in various parts of
the world or even different cities. “The stuff that is rare—present in one of 100
people—in the United Kingdom is different from the stuff at that frequency in
Holland or Italy,” said Dr. Gilean McVean at Oxford University in England,

===== Screenshot (448) -- Page 350 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

PART

4

The Age of Biochemistry,

Nutrition, and Epigenetics

===== Screenshot (449) -- Page 351 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

CHAPTER THIRTEEN


Epigenetics

Facts are facts—however, truths change as new facts appear.
—Robert Leaky
Washington University Speech in 1967

We talk about DNA as if it's a template (or a blue print), like a mould for
a-car part in a factory. In the factory, molten metal or plastic gets poured
into the mould thousands of times and, unless something goes wrong in the
process, out pop thousands of identical car parts.

But DNA isn’t really like that. It's more like a script. Think of Romeo
and Juliet, for example. In 1936 George Cukor directed Leslie Howard and
Norma Shearer in a film version. Sixty years later Baz Luhrmann directed
Leonardo DiCaprio and Claire Danes in another movie version of this play.
Both productions used Shakespeare's script, yet the two movies are entirely
different. Identical starting points, different outcomes.

That's what happens when cells read the genetic code that's in DNA (that

is nutritionally deficient). The same script can result in different productions.
The implications of this for human health are very wide-ranging, as we will
see from the case studies it’s really important to remember that nothing
happened to the DNA blueprint of the people in these case studies. Their DNA
didn’t change (or mutate), and yet their life histories altered irrevocably in
response to their environment (ie,, diet and nutritional deficiencies).
—Nessa Carey
The Epigenetics Revolution (2012)

Just as a pianist interprets the notes of a musical score, controlling the
volume and tempo, epigenetics affects the interpretation of DNA genetic
sequences in cells. Epigenetics usually refers to the study of ‘heritable
traits’ (caused by nutritional deficiencies), that do not involve changes to the
underlying DNA sequence of the cells.

—Clifford A. Pickover
The Medical Book (2012)

Geologists believe that some “two hundred and fifty million years ago” the
world's land mass was a single “continent” known as Pangaea and that unknown
forces divided Pangaea into two land masses: Eurasia/Africa and the Americas.
While there was some overlap, the two separate hemispheres (eastern and
western) developed vastly different populations of animal and plant species.
Food sources—quantity and nutritional quality—were and continue to be the
limiting factors in human health, longevity, and population growth and density.
Historically, when one excludes cataclysmic ecological disasters and microbial

===== Screenshot (450) -- Page 352 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

plagues and epidemics, simple starvation inflicted the most damage to human
populations.

In 1968 Wallach, while at the Center for the Biology of Natural Systems,
designed a simple experiment that would demonstrate how “genetic potential”
can be affected by the environment and nutrition. Thus we have the field of
epigenetics. Wallach randomly selected 100 identical ducklings with the same
mother and father (one keeps stealing eggs from the nest and refrigerating them
until you collect 100, then all 100 are incubated at the same time) and they were
divided into four groups of twenty-five each and each group was fed a different
diet:

1. Lettuce only
2. Hydroponically grown barley grass only
3. Purina duck grower pellets only

4, Purina duck grower pellets and barely grass

After one month, the results were dramatic. Groups 1 and 2 showed identical
growth and development rates (almost zero); group 3 ducks were three times
larger in height and weight than groups 1 and 2; and group 4 was twice as large
as group three and six times larger than groups 1 and 2.

Only groups 3 and 4 came close to fulfilling their genetic potential for
growth and development at one month of age; only groups 3 and 4 were
fed supplemented Purina duck grower pellets that contained all of the known
nutrients required by ducklings.

‘A human parallel to the duck experiment is the Japanes immigrants, who
originally came to the United States as small wiry people about four foot eleven
inches tall and weighing 100 pounds soaking wet. Their genetic potential for
growth and development was never achieved by eating the low calorie, low

nutrient Japanese rice, vegetable and fish diet of their native Japan. The second
generation Japanese, conceived and born in the United States, were a different
story. The number-one son over the next generation was six feet four inches
tall, weighed 240 pounds and played tight end for the USC football team.
Their genetic background was the same, however, their potential for height
and physical development was more completely fulfilled by having access to
unlimited calories, meat, protein, milk, eggs, vegetables, and vitamin and mineral
supplements.

After 1492 and the transoceanic visit to Hispaniola by Columbus, who
according to historian Alfred W. Crosby, “reknit the seams of Pangaea” and
literally thousands of insect, animal, and plant species were transported east and
west across the world.

Crosby dubbed these mass ecological migrations the “Columbian Exchange.”
Upon Columbus's second voyage west to Hispaniola, his fleet of seventeen ships
and a combined crew of fifteen hundred men brought with them stowaways of
many species. According to Charles Mann, author of 1493:

They were accompanied by a menagerie of insects, plants, mammals and
micro-organisms. Beginning with La Isabela, European expeditions brought
cattle, sheep, and horses along with crops like sugar cane (originally
from New Guinea), wheat (from the Middle East), bananas (from Africa),
and coffee (also from Africa). Equally important, creatures that the
colonist knew nothing about hitchhiked along for the ride. Earthworms,
mosquitoes, and cockroaches honey bees, dandelions, and African grasses;
rats of every description—all of them poured from the hulls of Colon's
vessels and those that followed, rushing like eager tourists into lands they
had never seen before.

===== Screenshot (451) -- Page 385 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

John Rolfe was the man (aka: John Smith) who married Pocahontas, the
“Indian princess.” He was also the man behind the survival and success of
Jamestown, Virginia, and he was also the man who systematically brought
earthworms to the Americas as a hitchhiker on the root balls of tobacco and
English soil that was used as ballast on the ship's return voyages.

Charles Darwin was apparently the first to recognize the great event that
had taken place when earthworms came to the Americas. Darwin wrote a three-
hundred-page book on the ecological and agricultural value of the earthworm.
Darwin wrote, “It may be doubted whether there are many other animals which
have played so important a part in the history of the world, as have these lowly
organized creatures.”

The Columbian Exchange produced such dynamic ecological effects that
many biologists believe that Columbus's voyages denoted the beginning of a
new biological era: the “Homogenocene"—places that had been isolated and
ecologically unique have become the same.

The Ecuadorean people can be traced back to the late 15th century, when
Europeans fled from the Iberian Peninsula to the New World. These peoples,
the Sephardic Jews, were desperate to leave Spain and Portugal because of the
horrors of the Inquisition. They fled to North Africa, the Middle East, southern
Europe, and the New World; however, the Inquisition followed them. It was in
their interest to stay away from the larger cities such as Lima and Quito where
the Catholic Church had its strongest influence. They settled in small villages and
towns, where even up until the 1980s there were few roads, no phones, and no
electricity, and where wood was the common fuel.

When Columbus first arrived in Hispaniola, the numbers of the local Indian
inhabitants (the Taino) numbered by estimation from 60,000 to more than eight
million. In 1514 their numbers were reduced to 26,000, and by 1548 there were
less than 500 alive. European microbial plagues and epidemics had wiped out

seventy-five percent of the entire native population of the western hemisphere.
This is an example of Darwin's survival of the fittest!

Survivors starved and entire cultures disappeared or fell into ruin—a repeat
of what had happened to Europe during the Dark Ages. Only small enclaves of
peoples flourished, and their survival was the result of food—lots of high quality
food. In the Americas the main indigenous food source was the potato: the
tuber that had originated in the Andes was now contributing to what would be
called the Agro-Industrial Complex worldwide. The potato became the fifth most
important food crop worldwide, only behind sugar cane, wheat, corn, and rice.

William H. McNeill, a highly respected historian, makes the point that it is
universally believed by scholars that “the introduction of the potato to Europe
was a key moment in history.” The widespread use of the potato as a calorie
source in northern Europe is credited with ending centuries of famine among the
peasants. Additionally, McNeill also stated that the potato (S. tuberosum) led to
empire: “Potatoes, by feeding rapidly growing populations, permitted a handful
of European nations to take advantage of American silver—the potato fueled the
rise of the West.”

The American and European adoption of the potato set the stage for modern
agriculture and the Agro-Industrial Complex. This food empire is supported by
three legs: (1) improved crops including the potato, (2) high intensity fertilizer,
and (3) pesticides. All three came into play with the Columbian Exchange and the
potato.

The potato came from the Andes and the fertilizer to grow them came from
the Chincha Islands, a three very small istands made mostly of granite, positioned
thirteen miles west off of the Peruvian shore, about five hundred miles south
of Lima. The Chincha Islands have less than an inch of rainfall per year and
therefore are the most productive of the 147 Peruvian “guano istands” as far

===== Screenshot (452) -- Page 357 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

as accumulation of deposits of bird guano, the excrement vauled and sold as
fertilizer.

The Chincha islands only other claim to fame is that they are the home of
three species of large sea birds: the Peruvian booby, the Peruvian cormorant, and
the Peruvian pelican. The birds are drawn to the islands by the strong cold coastal
currents. Phytoplankton bloom because of the heavy nutrient levels in the coastal
water; zooplankton consume the phytoplankton that are then eaten by the small
anchoveta fish.

Anchoveta travel in large schools that are magnets to larger predatory fish,
which are then in turn hunted down, scooped up, and eaten by the booby,
cormorant, and pelicans. These large predatory birds have lived and reared their
young on the Chincha Islands for thousands of years.

Avian urine is excreted as a paste, in a consistency not unlike tooth-paste, and
as a result guano can build up rapidly in an arid environment. Over the centuries
the birds have covered the islands with layer after layer of foul-smelling guano
that adds up to be one hundred and fifty feet of their thick urine!

According to The Biochemistry of Vertebrate Excretion, a classic reference book
by G. Evelyn Hutchinson, an adult cormorant's annual production of the paste-
like urine is approximately thirty-five pounds; thus the combined annual urine
production of the cormorant colony would approximately be thousands of tons
per year!

Guano is an ideal fertilizer. A good fertilizer does several things: it provides
organic material which feeds soil organisms, it provides nitrogen that drives plant
growth, and it provides minerals necessary for plant metabolism and nutrition for
the consumer of the harvest.

Plants specifically need nitrogen and magnesium to produce chlorophyll,
which is the green pigment in plant leaves that convert sunlight and CO, into
energy (photosynthesis), to make the carbon chains and amino acids necessary

for the production of DNA and protein.

The first European to grasp the potential value of guano for the Agro-
Industrial Complex was Friedrich Wilhelm Alexander von Humboldt, a German
pioneer in botany, geography, astronomy, geology, and anthropology—a true
polymath.

Included in the thousands of samples Humboldt took back to Germany in
1804 were several small bags of Peruvian Guano, which he shared with two
French chemists. Their analysis showed that the guano nitrogen levels ranged
from eleven to seventeen percent nitrogen which could effectively be used as a
fertilizer.

During that period in history, the most commonly applied fertilizer included
bone meal and wood ashes that contained plant minerals. Wood ashes were taken
from the wood stoves and applied to gardens and small fields. Shipping wood
ash to Europe from the eastern American shore became an enormous business.
Entire forests had been burned in Europe for fuel and now entire forests along the
eastern seaboard of North America were being burned commercially to supply
mineral fertilizer to Europe. Wood ash was such an important export product that
efficient methods of burning wood and collecting the resultant by-product of
plant minerals (contained in wood ash) became U.S. Patent Number 1.

Bone meal was manufactured by pulverizing or grinding slaughter-house
bones. Driven by concern over the looming probability of soil depletion that
could be caused by intensive potato growing operations, bone suppliers brought
in bones from the battlefields of Waterloo and Austerlitz, “It is now ascertained
beyond a doubt, by actual experiment upon an extensive scale, that a dead soldier
is a most valuable article of commerce,” remarked the London Observer in1822.
The newspaper further noted that there was reason to believe that grave robbers
were limiting their source of human bones for fertilizer to battle fields. “For aught

===== Screenshot (453) -- Page 359 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

known to the contrary, the good farmers of Yorkshire are, in a great measure,
indebted to the bones of their children for their daily bread.”

The story of epigenetics is the story of nutrition and nutritional deficiency at
the enzyme, chromosomal, and gene level, and how they affect the duplication
and transmission of DNA.

The ancient Egyptians cured night blindness in 1,000 BC by applying extracts
of beef liver juice to the eyes and faces of the afflicted individual. We know today
that night blindness is caused by a deficiency of vitamin A and that vitamin A is
primarily stored in the liver of all species.

Pellagra is considered a “new disease” in the civilized world, as it was unknown
in Europe until Christopher Columbus delivered the first corn seeds from the
“New World" to Europe. The European peasant looked upon corn as an easy to
produce miracle crop; it spread quickly as a food crop and the peasants became
dependent on corn.

Corn was the beginning of the end for millions of people. Complete villages
and towns came down with a plague of skin disease (dermatitis), dementia,
diarthea, and death (the four Ds—pellagra had arrived.)


Producti


ity faltered and a dullness settled over entire communities as a result
of peoples affliction with a vitamin B; (niacin) deficiency.

Over the next centuries many good observers connected either a deficient
or toxic diet with pellagra; however, physicians and community leaders rejected


the idea. Theophile Roussel, a French physician, demonstrated that pellagra was
related to the poor peasants and the regular consumption of corn, and finally
in 1848 he convinced the French government to stop encouraging the planting
and consumption of corn. Pellagra just about disappeared from France, but the
dependence on corn and the continued “epidemic” of pellagra continued in Italy
and Spain, especially when the economy was troubled and peasants were driven
to cultivate and live almost entirely on corn.

Corn in of itself is not poisonous. However, the little niacin that occurs
naturally in corn is not easily used by humans and the resulting deficiency that
occurs in a high-corn diet produces the skin disease (dermatitis), dementia, and
diarrhea of classic pellagra.

The Indians of the New World subsisted on a corn-based diet for centuries
without ill effect because their diets also included beans, squash, chilies, and
coffee—common foods that are rich in niacin. In Mexico the Indian women soaked
the corn in lime water after they ground the grain for tortillas, which produced
increased availability of the small amounts of niacin naturally found in the corn.

Pellagra sufferers, including many poor white farmers and in the slaves in the
old American South, consumed bowl after bowl of cornmeal mush. During good
years other foods were often consumed, but they were not available in adequate
levels to prevent pellagra. The universal diet for slaves and poor whites was called
the three- M diet: Meat (fat back), corn meal, and molasses, and, as predictable as
gravity, it produced dermatitis, dementia, diarrhea, and death. Pellagra had come
to America.

The pellagra plagues were rarely diagnosed properly. Pellagra was referred to
as a “Negro disease” or “black tongue,” and it occurred most frequently during
droughts and economic down turns. In 1928, 7,000 people in the American
South died of pellagra. It was originally thought to be an infectious disease by
physicians, and they created a network of sanitariums known as “retardation
centers” to isolate those afflicted with pellagra in the same manner as the
system of isolation that was common in tuberculosis sanitariums. Doctors were
so convinced that pellagra was “caused by a germ," that despite overwhelming
evidence that pellagra was in fact a nutritional-deficiency disease they insisted on
continuing to ask “Where is the germ?"

The initial clue that pellagra could be caused by diet was revealed
when Casimir Funk found that beriberi, another disabling and fatal disease

===== Screenshot (454) -- Page 361 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

characterized by dementia and congestive heart failure, could be cured by
the supplementation of “vital amines," which were substances that could be
identified in food. The anti-beriberi vitamin that Funk had identified was thiamine
(vitamin B,). At the same time, Funk identified other food compounds, including
niacin (vitamin B;) from rice polishings (bran). But since it did not have any
positive effect on the illness of beriberi, he put niacin on the back burner.

Another investigator, Carl Voegtlin, vigorously championed the theory that
pellagra was a deficiency disease and chastised those who dismissed the theory
that a deficient diet was the cause of pellagra.

Eventually, Joseph Goldberger, an objective and determined individual, was
sent to the Old American South to identify the cause of pellagra once and for
all. Goldberger visited small southern communities and towns where grown men
laid dull and depressed against buildings from the scourge of pellagra. Wide-eyed
and crying kids clawed and scratched at the painful and pruritic skin lesions that
typified pellagra.

The wives and mothers of the pellagra sufferers, also debilitated by pellagra,
suffered from hallucinations, dullness, and low energy, and they spent their days
preparing corn pone, corn muffins, corn coffee, cornmeal mush, corn bread, and
grits. Since they couldn't work, corn was all they could afford.

After visiting a publicly-funded orphanage, Goldberger was sure that pellagra
had a nutritional cause. The younger children wracked with pellagra were
bedridden, covered with skin lesions, and depressed. The older children tended
to be normal and free of pellagra. They were able enough to work odd jobs and
earn small amounts of money that they used to buy fruit, vegetables, and eggs to
improve their diets. By then Goldberger recognized that Voegtlin was correct: the
cure for pellagra was simply a proper diet!

To prove the diet connection, Goldberger provided milk, meat, and eggs for all
of the children. Within days, children who just days earlier could not participate in

any activities, were able to smile and get out of bed. The plague of pellagra in the
orphanage had ended.

Goldberger had ended pellagra in the orphanage by providing a niacin-
rich diet to the afflicted children. However, another government team released
information claiming that a species of flies was spreading the pellagra “microbe”
with its sting. Physicians and the general public, familiar with the “germ theory”
of disease transmission, quickly accepted the microbe theory as the cause of
pellagra.

Now highly motivated and energized to refute the microbe misinformation
and get the truth out to the 170,000 Americans suffering from pellagra,
Goldberger brushed the red scales from the weakened legs of pellagra patients,
blended them with the foul-smelling secretions and mucus, and injected the
slime into himself and his family. He ate the awful concoction right in front of
startled colleagues. Goldberger and his family didn't get sick, and the microbe
theory for the cause of pellagra was dead.

Goldberger then produced pellagra in prison volunteers in exchange for an
early release. After this he reversed their disease with a diet rich in yeast, meat,
and milk. Goldberger didn’t discover what was in the food that was necessary to
prevent or cure pellagra, but he was able to prove that pellagra was not infectious
and that corn itself was not a poison.

It wasn’t until 1937 that Conrad Elvehjem purified the anti-pellagra vital-
amine, that was one of the fractions (niacin is vitamin B,) previously isolated by
Funk years earlier.

Between the years of 1880 and 1883, more than 6,000 Japanese sailors died
as a result of the paralysis, dementia (Korsakoff's syndrome), and cardiac arrest
(enlarged heart/congestive heart failure) that typify beriberi. In 1886 only three
Japanese sailors died, and in 1887 none died.

===== Screenshot (455) -- Page 363 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

There were no vaccines then, and no microbe was isolated. But since Beriberi
was caused by a dietary deficiency, by changing a diet to include sources of
thiamine (vitamin B1) the disease could be prevented and cured..

Kanekiro Takaki, a Japanese naval surgeon, was able to prove that a diet
primarily made up of polished rice was the cause of the beriberi of the Japanese
sailors. Those afflicted with beriberi typically walked with a swaying sheep-like
gait and clinically exhibited a general paralysis and dementia, but the well-fed
officers on the same ship were less likely to be affected with beriberi.

The Riuyo, a Japanese naval ship with a complement of 276 men, returned
from an extended voyage in 1883 with 25 dead sailors and 144 other crew
members stricken with beriberi. In 1884 Takaki was able to convince the Japanese
naval command to allow him to join the crew of a second ship going on an
identical voyage. Takaki believed that beriberi was caused by an “imbalance in the
carbon and nitrogen in the diet. He was incorrect about this explanation for the
cause of beriberi, although he was on the correct path. It was caused by their diet!

On the second ship, the standard diet of polished rice was replaced with the
British naval diet consisting of oatmeal, vegetables, and condensed milk. This


dietary change was treated with skepticism and resistance by the Japanese crew
who did not want to eat British style: “fourteen sailors scoffed at the “barbarous
food” and lived on polished rice that they had smuggled aboard. When the ship
returned to port, only the fourteen who had smuggled the polished rice aboard
had developed beriberi.

The news of Takaki’s success in preventing beriberi with a change in diet fell
on deaf ears in Europe. Takaki’s report was thought of as shallow and childish
because his theory didn’t include germs.

The Dutch colonists in the Dutch East Indies would have saved enormous
amounts of money by not having to bury large numbers of work gangs and
retraining new ones who then had to labor with congestive heart failure and

paralysis.

Dutch troops fell ill from beriberi so rapidly after arrival in Indonesia that
they couldn't suppress native revolts in Northern Sumatra. Beriberi continued
to plague the Dutch troops until Christian Eijkman was sent by the Dutch
government to determine what bacteria was causing beriberi.

Eljkman had no success in transmitting the disease to healthy chickens by
injecting them with “infectious blood.” He was close to throwing his hands up and
going home, Just before he was ready to return home he looked out the window
and saw his entire flock of chickens weaving and reeling around the courtyard like
“drunken sailors*—they had developed beriberi!

The question was: Why were they all sick? Six months later the entire flock
recovered. It turned out that six months earlier the chickens had been fed the
expensive polished rice by a lazy kitchen employee. When a supervisor corrected
the mistake by feeding the flock with the less expensive brown rice, beriberi
disappeared. The waste, the rice bran, was the cure!

Ejjkman added to Takaki’s theory by stating that there was something in the
polished rice that caused beriberi. Eijkman’s theory was summarily dismissed by
the authorities who believed that polished rice was a kind gift to the hungry
natives, and his theory was also rejected by physicians who declared that “beriberi
was caused by an infection from a bacterial germ.”

The steam-driven rice mills that Westerners believed were civi


ing the Far
East were actually causing the beriberi plague, but no one wanted to believe it
could be.

After the Spanish American War, in a kindly effort to engender good will,
the United States government introduced polished rice to the Philippine prison
system. Immediately, the number of beriberi cases skyrocketed. In 1900 there
were no prisoners afflicted with beriberi, but by January of 1902 there were 169
cases, and by October of the same year there were 579 more cases. It seemed

===== Screenshot (456) -- Page 365 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

as though nothing could stop the “outbreak” of beriberi, because 5,000 prisoners
were affected and many died within ten months of the first cases.

Whole rice with the bran was reintroduced, and by February of the next
year the beriberi scourge had ended. Eijkman’s successor, Gerrit Grijns, a Dutch
physician had come to the realization that there was some “protective substance”
in the rice polishings (rice bran) that was essential to health.

Another physician, W. L. Braddon, investigated different tribal groups in
Malaya and found that those peoples who ate polished rice suffered from a high
rate of beriberi, while those that ate whole grain rice did not. Braddon blamed
“toxins” in the rice for beriberi, so polished, white rice was accepted as the cause
of beriberi, but the toxin theory was incorrect.

Ten years later, Jansen and Donath finally identified the beriberi protective
vital amine-thiamine (vitamin B,).

Scurvy was another common, debilitating, and fatal scourge of sailors for
thousands of years. It was accepted that a high percentage of sailors would die
each voyage from scurvy. Within two to three months at sea their teeth would
fall out, their gums would bleed, and they would fall overboard from a general
weakness or die from an internal hemorrhage.

Over history, millions of townspeople, soldiers, sailors, and prisoners have
died from scurvy. Most of these deaths could have been prevented or cured.
Unfortunately, as in the case of beriberi, the correct observations of the few on
the front lines of the disease were ignored, and in some cases were vigorously
rejected by the “educated and powerful.”

"Scurvy was responsible for more deaths at sea than storms, shipwreck,
combat, and all other disease combined,” writes historian Stephen Brown.
“Historians have conservatively estimated that more than two million sailors
perished from scurvy during the Age of Sail—a time period that began with
Columbus's voyages . . . and ended with the development of steam power . .. on

ships in the mid-nineteenth century.”

The story goes that a young British sailor, Zoe, had signed on for a sea voyage
in London, and after three months at sea eating salted meat, beans, and biscuits
his gums began to bleed. He had developed a classic case of scurvy. The ship's
captain set Zoe ashore on a small island and left him to his own devices.

When he became very hungry, Zoe began to gorge himself with grass and sea
weed. Within a few days he had the strength to get up and walk—and found he
was cured! Another ship picked him up a few weeks later, and his tale of how the
green grass and sea weed had reversed his scurvy spread like wildfire.

Most plants and animals (except for the guinea pig) can store vitamin C.
However, humans are unable to store vitamin C and require a daily source of it.

In 1564 a Dutch physician recommended a daily supply of oranges for
sailors to prevent and cure scurvy. In 1639 John Woodall, an English physician,
prescribed citrus, including lemons and limes, for British sailors to prevent scurvy.

In 1601 the English navigator Sir James Lancaster wrote that lemons helped to
prevent scurvy.

James Lind, a Scottish naval surgeon, finally eliminated scurvy in the British
navy after researching the legend of Zoe and his miraculous self-cure. In 1753,
as he recorded in his A Treatise on Scurvy, Lind divided sailors with scurvy into
six separate groups. Each group was provided with different foods, and only the
sailors who consumed lemons and oranges recovered rapidly and completely.
Lind did not prescribe a specific treatment as a result of his study, so it took
another forty-two years before the British navy adopted his recommendations.

The British navy delayed another fifty years before officially supporting the
concept of providing citrus to sailors to prevent and cure scurvy.

Finally, after two hundred years of controversy, citrus was recognized as the
prevention and cure of scurvy at the end of the fifteenth century, but not in time

===== Screenshot (457) -- Page 367 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

for Vasco da Gama's voyage around the Cape of Good Hope in 1497, in which he
ended up having to bury at sea 100 of his 160 man crew who had died of scurvy.

Jacques Cartier's crew suffered even more from ninety percent of them having
scurvy. Many were disabled by edematous legs blackened with subcutaneous
hemorrhage. Local Indians rescued them by providing them with a vitamin C-rich-
tea brewed from the bark of the white cedar.

Even with the general success of fruit and vegetables in preventing and
treating scurvy, including the efforts of the great Captain Cook, whose crewman
were legendary for their good health (he required them under the threat of the
lash to eat up to twenty pounds of onions each week), progress in the prevention
of scurvy lagged for lack of official support. There was a failure of physicians
universally agreeing that scurvy was a nutritional deficiency, as well as confusion
resulting from misdiagnosis of sailors who had scurvy, beriberi, and pellagra all at
the same time.

In 1795, a year after Lind's death, two surgeons were successful in getting the
British naval command to routinely provide lemons and limes to the ship's crew to
prevent and cure scurvy—thus the nickname “limey” for British sailors.

Pure vitamin C was finally identified by a laboratory accident by Albert Szent-
Gyorgyi, who said, "Vitamins... . will help us reduce human suffering to an extent
which the most fantastic mind will fail to imagine.”


Rickets was recognized as a disabling malady from medieval times through
the smog-choked skies of the Industrial Revolution and deep into the twentieth
century. As rickets usually didn't produce the death of a sufferer, few had the will
or interest to find the cause and cure, The general masses actually thought that
people with twisted spines, bowed legs, and enlarged joints were normal!

In 2013 rickets reappeared in children in the industrialized world with a
reported increase of 400 percent between 1995 and 2011. This is a result of
fears of increased risk of skin cancer from skin exposure to the sun as well as

widespread use of sun screens, fear of cholesterol in egg yolks (a good source
of vitamin D), and instructions from pediatricians to avoit


supplementation of
vitamins and minerals to children because of overdose concerns. Again, rickets
has become the scurge of our children as a physician-caused disease.

Children with rickets show the classical bowed legs, swollen wrists and swollen
ribs. In October of 2013, Dr. Sally Davies, Britain’s chief medical officer described
the return of rickets as “appalling.”

To Wallach, the most interesting primate and human disease cases were the
ones that involved nutritional deficiencies. Despite his interest, the golden age of
critical and detailed research projects for the essentiality of various minerals in
animal nutrition occurred between 1920 and 1978. Any remaining curiosity about
the role of mineral deficiencies in human pathology was dealt a crippling blow by
the discovery of penicillin in 1938, and a second body punch was the discovery of
cortisone in 1942.

The coup de grace for interest in dietary mineral deficiencies came to the ranks
of the medical community in the 1980s during the heady drive to find patentable
genetic-engineering techniques to treat everything from bowel gas to cancer.
While the basic studies of nutrition have become the stepchild of 21st century
science, Wallach observed that “the unquestionable basic mineral needs of our
human flesh cry out for attention from the waiting rooms of physician's offices,
hospital wards, and morgues.”

Obesity and being overweight are problems that are ubiquitous in America...
Americans are the most obese nation in the world as of 2010. The American
eating habit has changed from three square meals per day to nibbling 24/7
—nibble, nibble, nibble all the way home! This behavior in horses is called
“cribbing.” The same behavior in humans is referred to in humans as pica or the
“munchies,” a seeking, a craving with a licking and chewing behavior that has its
genesis in mineral deficiencies. No known vitamin, protein, or calorie deficiency

===== Screenshot (458) -- Page 369 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

initiates this pica behavior. Nor will supplementing the diet with vitamins or
eating sugar, carbohydrate, fat, or protein quench it!

Cribbing is the name given to a particular form of pica in domestic animals.
‘An example of cribbing in animals is when they chew or gnaw on a wooden feed
box, fence, hitching post, or stall rail, gate or barn door. A good farmer knows that
when a horse cribs, the animal really has an obsessional craving for minerals. The
farmer or rancher supplements an animal's diet with minerals to: (1) preserve the
animal's health, (2) save the animal's life, (3) save on veterinary bills, and (4) save
having to rebuild the fence or barn, since a mineral-deficient horse will literally
eat the fence or barn looking for minerals!

Essential minerals never occurred in a uniform blanket in an individual field
or over the crust of the earth; they have always occurred in veins, much like
chocolate in chocolate ripple ice cream. Whatever essential minerals may have
existed in a particular area of the earth's crust have been severely depleted
through intensive modern agriculture. It should be no surprise then that the
mineral- deficient animal behaviors of cribbing will also appear in mineral-
deficient humans as pica, the “munchies,” binge-eating, and cravings. As a
result of being an essentially mineral-deficient nation, American has become the
number one obese nation in the world—"We're number one!”

“Salt appetite” or the “munchies” dominate the American scene and these
deficiency symptoms are universally observed at dramatic levels in pregnant
animals and pregnant humans. All vertebrates will exhibit these symptoms when
they become mineral deficient. This desperate state is a physician-caused plague.
Dieters, athletes, vegetarians, vegans, meat eaters, embryos, fetuses, children,
teen agers, young adults, adults, baby boomers, seniors, and the centenarians are
all mineral deficient and are universally exhibiting the symptoms of pica, cribbing,
and the “munchies” that used to be common only in expectant mothers!

From antiquity, the description of the cribbing and pica behaviors in

humans has been recorded in the written records of all societies. The universal
presentation of these behaviors were in relationship to pregnant women. The
Hawaiian King Kamehameha's mother, Queen Kekuiapoiwa, had cravings for
eyeballs. Although she specifically demanded a chief's eyes, she was given the
salty eyes of sharks which she ate with ravenous abandon.

The snack-food and fast-food industries are aware of this relationship
between the behaviors of pica, cribbing, cravings, the munchies, binge-eating,


salt-hunger, and other behaviors demonstrating mineral deficiencies, and they
formulate and engineer their products so that “You just can't eat ont


Unfortunately for humans, our bodies will temporarily interpret sugar (and sugar
substitutes) and salt intake as a fulfillment of the cravings for essential minerals.
Historically, the consumption of salt to satisfy a pica behavior may have had
some value because raw sea salt did oftentimes contain small amounts of trace
minerals and rare earths.

Today, contrary to popular belief, salt is not intrinsically harmful as doctors
would have you believe. It does present the problem of allowing our bodies to
falsely perceive that we are getting sufficient minerals when we eat salt. This
is the mineral equivalent of the "empty calorie diet” concept. Just as processed
white flower and sugar calories satisfy hunger while providing no protein,
essential fatty acids, or vitamins, our salt intake confuses the body into believing
it is consuming adequate amounts of all essential minerals.

Farmers and husbandrymen use the salt-hunger behavior to ensure the
consumption of trace minerals in livestock by incorporating trace minerals into
the formulation of salt blocks containing a minimum of eighty-five percent
sodium chloride. Anything less than eighty-five percent sodium chloride would
be ignored by the animals, even if they were to have major mineral deficiencies.
The salt-consuming animals never get high blood pressure or stroke, even though
by design they will consume 0.5 percent of their diet as salt. For them, adequate

===== Screenshot (459) -- Page 371 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

salt intake obtained by licking “trace-mineral salt blocks” guarantees their proper
mineral intake.

Most physicians (even “alternative physicians” of all types) would have you
believe that you need little or no salt. They must think that humans are dumber
than cows, for the first food item the successful husbandry man provides for his
animals in a pasture is a trace-mineral salt block! At the same time, the multi-
billion dollar a year snack food industry is well aware of the human requirement
for salt (NaCl) and other elements and minerals. Even the USDA reports that
ninety-five percent of all Americans of all age groups are minerally deficient.

In July of 1993 thousands of Americans, particularly people in the upper
Midwest and on the East coast, were swooning and fainting during a sweltering
heat wave that soared above 110 degrees F. Seven hundred thirty-three
‘Americans, in fact, died during the heat wave. The effects of the heat wave on the
American population were so dramatic that the daily body count was published
every morning in the local and national newspapers as though they were fallen
American soldiers who had been killed in a far-off place defending American
interests. Seemingly, no one knew what to do!

The state medical examiner of Pennsylvania said, "We don't know why so
many have been affected by the heat—half of the dead and hospitalized were
people who had air conditioners.” That statement was especially odd when one
thinks of the millions of people who live in terrible deserts with temperatures
above 120 degrees F in the shade. They don’t have air conditioners, and they
don't die from the heat. Could it be some genetic shield that protects them?

The cause of this disaster was screaming at the medical profession, but no
one heard, voiced, or printed the appropriate public warning. Having lived in the
Kalahari Desert while in Africa, Wallach had taken basic medical physiology, and
Wallach was already a well-respected pathologist of animals and humans.. He
knew the horrible toll of the heat wave was the result of a simple salt (NaCl)

deficiency!

Hence the disaster was a physician-caused mass heat stroke! It was your
kitchen-variety heat stroke that any boy scout could diagnose, recognize, and
remedy instantly with a glass of water spiked with a teaspoon of salt! Yes, the
cause of these thousands of American casualties was a simple salt deficiency, and
almost all of those who fell ill and died were those who had been placed on a salt-
restricted diet by “their medical doctors” This was a physician-caused disaster.

The human tragedy of the heat wave of '93 was the direct result of the medical
profession's paranoia about salt. They put their human charges on a low-sodium
or low-salt diet for prevention of hypertension and heart disease. There is not a
single double-blind study that will show any benefit of a salt-restricted or low-
sodium diet.

About a week after the carnage, the state medical examiners again marveled
from their pulpit, “The only common denominator of those who had died or were
hospitalized during the heat wave were those who had been diagnosed with heart
disease or high blood pressure.” Yes, as predicted their physicians had placed each
one on a salt-restricted or no-salt diet” and none were contacted to warn them
that during the heat wave it would be in their best interest to drink eight glasses
of water each day, and, oh yeah, by the way, “don't forget to add a teaspoon of
salt to each glass.” Those who quickly made it to hospitals and were successfully
treated were given IV saline solution—salt wat


Yes, the medical profession must think the general public is dumber than a
cow. Unfortunately for the general public, it is the medical profession itself that is
dumber than history.

Aristotle noted in Historia Animalicem VIII that “sheep are healthier when they
are given salt.” Sheep never get hypertension or high blood pressure.

Where salt was rare, it was traded ounce for ounce for gold, brides, or slaves.
Salt, salt-rich clays, and wood ashes were the first mineral food supplements

===== Screenshot (460) -- Page 374 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

used by man in the dawn of time. The Roman statesman Cassiodorus was quite
observant when he said, “Some seek not gold, but there lives not a man who does
not need salt.”

Rome's major highway was called Via Salacia or the Salt Road. Soldiers used
the Salt Road to carry salt up from the Tiber River where barges brought salt from
the salt pans of Ostia. Soldiers “worth their salt” were paid a “salary.” The word
salary is derived from salarium, a soldier's “salt ration.”

Marco Polo reported salt coins and discs in Cathay. Salt discs in Ethiopia were
“salted away” in the king's treasury. The production of salt as a food supplement
for man and beast is as old as civilization itself. Salt was produced in shallow
ponds of seawater through evaporation and by mining rock salt from large land-
locked deposits.

The rock salt mines of the Alps (Salzberg, Halstatt, and Durrenberg) played an
essential role in the development of cultures in ancient prehistoric Europe. The
Halstatt salt mine is the one of the oldest commercial salt businesses on Earth. It
is located fifty miles from Salzburg ("Salt Town"). Salt has been mined from the
Salzburg mine since the early Iron Age. Salzberg ("Salt Mountain") contains a salt
deposit 2,000 feet wide and 2,500 feet deep.

Tools found in the salt mines date back to the Bronze Age (1400 BC). Early
communities sprang up around salt springs as humans followed and hunted wild
herbivores that were drawn to the springs by their craving for salt—the behavior
of pica and cribbing. Wallach saw this same pattern in Africa: the muddy and
cloudy water supplies that contained salt and minerals were heavily used by the
game animals, while water that was sparkling clear and was mineral and salt-free
was rarely consumed.

Between the 9th and 14th centuries, peat was soaked in sea water, then dried
and burnt, and the resultant ash was extracted with sea water. Many millions
of tons of peat, a plant source of minerals, was harvested for the mineral/salt

dietary supplement process for commercial trade.

Mesopotamian towns specialized in the salt-production industry and
transported salt up the Tigris and Euphrates Rivers. Jericho (8000 BC), near
the Dead Sea and the salt mountain of Mo, and was one of the oldest known
agricultural communities that participated in the salt trade.

The merchants of Venice developed an elaborate salt trade, and by the
6th century the salt trade from the villages surrounding the city was its main
business. By 1184 Venice controlled the export of Chioggia salt, and by the 14th
century was supplying salt to Alexandria, Cyprus, and the Belearic Istands.

The salted-herring business developed in the 1300s. The Dutch perfected the
process of salting fish as a method of preservation. At its peak, this industry alone
produced three billion salted herring annually and used 123 million Kg of salt per
year. In the beginning of the 20th century, salt pork and salt herring provided the
main source of animal protein for most of Scandinavia with a daily per person
consumption of 100 grams or a quarter of a pound. (Modern physicians want their
patients to consume less than three grams of salt per day.)

Perhaps the most famous and most romantic modern day part of the salt
industry occurred in Africa. Twice each year great camel caravans carried salt slabs
from the Taoudeni Swamp in the Sahara to Timbuktu in Mali. Two thousand to
25,000 camels (only 25% of the animals survived the round trip journey) were
used to carry over 300 tons of salt slabs to their destination 720 km away.

In other parts of salt-poor Africa, humans developed the practice of drinking
cattle blood and urine to obtain salt. The residence of the Sierra Leone coast
gave all they possessed, including their wives and children, in exchange for salt—
after all, salt was a necessity of life. Salt, like other elements and minerals, is not
distributed equally around the earth and is therefore coveted by the have-nots. It
is said by African tribesmen that, “He who has salt has war.”

===== Screenshot (461) -- Page 376 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

The British imposed a despised salt tax on India. Ghandi (1924) published
a monograph (Common Salt) in protest of the government monopoly. Ghandi
pointed out that the grains and the green foods of India were very low in salt.
Because of the vegetarian habits of the majority of tropical Indians, they required
a significant salt supplement to their diet.

In 1930 Ghandi led 78 “rabid” supporters on a 300 km “Salt March" protest
from Ahmedabad to the sea. He swam in the sea, and picked up a crystal of
salt on the beach, and then walked back to Ahmedabad, where he was promptly
arrested and thrown into prison. Angered, 100,000 Indians revolted against the
salt tax and were arrested after they too picked up untaxed salt. The British salt
tax was eventually repealed in 1946 at the end of World War Il.

The death of soldiers from a sodium loss was historically common during
military operations in tropical countries. Soldiers in the desert could lose up to
twenty-four pints of water per day as sweat. And that much sweat was not just
water, it was a soup that contained all the nutrients floating around in their blood
including up to seventy to one hundred grams of salt per day.

Salt is known as the most universal and most widely used food supplement
and condiment. So great is the human craving for salt, it is obvious that salt
itself is in fact necessary to the health, and even to the life and survival, of man,
Yet, it’s claimed by modern medicine to be dangerous. As we have seen, the only
danger from salt is that when one consumes it in response to a craving that
has been produced by a mineral deficiency, in which case the intake of salt will
mask the absence of other minerals. The average salt requirement for a human is
approximately 0.5% of the dry weight of the daily diet or six to ten grams per day.
If you are very good at following a doctor's advice and restrict salt to less than
one gram per day, you can increase your risk of a heart attack by as much as six
hundred percent.

In addition to the legitimate salt cravings, medicine's efforts to suppress the

human craving for other minerals is well documented:

A catalogue of bizarre instances of human pica is found in the doctoral thesis,
of Augustus Fredericus Mergiletus (1701). In men, he recorded one individual who
ate leather, wood, nestlings, and live mice. A second consumed woolen garments,
leather, a live cat, and small mice, A third ate cat's tails and decomposed human
flesh infested with maggots.

In women, Mergiletus recorded cannibals who ate human flesh, including one
horrible lady who “lured children to her house with the promise of sweets, killed
them, and pickled them for storage and for consumption at a later date"—
a female version of Jeffrey Dahmer! The murders of the children where only
discovered when the woman's cat stole the pickled hand of a child and carried it
over to the neighbor's house.

Girls who ate their own hair, cotton thread from their own clothes, handfuls of
raw grain, and lizards have been documented.

Cooper (1957), in her classic report on pica, refers to several ancient and
medieval writers who emphasized the occurrence of pica in pregnant women.
Aetios noted pregnant women crave various and odd foods, some salty, some
acid, saying that “some crave for sand, oyster shells and wood ashes.” He


recommended a diet to include “fruits, green vegetables, pig's feet, fresh fish, and
old tawny fragrant wine.”

Boezo (1638) noted that pica occurred most often in pregnant women. Boezo
saw pica as a physiological problem, and is the first to mention iron preparations
as a treatment for pica. He suggested “one and one half scruples of iron dross
taken for many days as wonderfully beneficial for men and women.”

Boezo also noted the case of “a virgin who was accustomed to devour salt
in great quantities from which chronic behavior she developed diarrhea and
wasting.” She probably had Addison's disease.

===== Screenshot (462) -- Page 378 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Christiani of Frankfurt (1691) reported that a woman had eaten 1,400 salt
herring during her pregnancy.

LeConte (1846) suggested that animals eating earth do so because of a “want
of inorganic elements.”

The most common descriptions of pica and cribbing by Mergiletus were of
women's desire for clay, mud, and mortar scraped from walls, just like modern
children who eat caulking and lead paint. Wallach has often said that children
who eat lead paint are screaming for minerals for their mineral-starved bodies.
Give them minerals and they won't eat lead paint.

Pica is no stranger in modern times. The substances most frequently reported
to be consumed as the result of pica in humans include paper, metallic gum
wrappers, chewing gum, ice, dirt, coal, clay, chalk, corn starch, baking powder,
pebbles, wood, plaster, paint, chimney soot, hair, human and animal feces, and
cloth.

In March 2012 it was reported on the national news that a three-year-old
girl, Natale Hayhurst from Terra Haute, Indiana loved to eat light bulbs, paper,
cardboard, sticks, dirt, aluminum diet soda cans, magnets from shower curtains,
and plastic bottles and toys. There was a complete story in most local newspapers


about her “rare condition.” However, none of the reports mentioned that her pica
was due to mineral deficiencies, and when contacted neither her parents nor did
any media show any interest in interviewing Wallach about the obvious mineral
deficiencies that the poor child was obviously suffering from.

In August 19, 2013, the British Daily Mail, reported that Kelly-Marie Pearce, a
pregnant 28-year-old woman, ate 5,000 bath washing sponges (twenty sponges
per day) and bowls of foul feces contaminated sand from the bottom of a parrot
cage during her two pregnancies.

In the same Daily Mail article stated that, “some develop pica because
of stress, obsessive-compulsive disorders, a liking for fragrances or behavioral

problems that would require cognitive behavioural therapy with an experienced
psychologist.” How can professional health care providers so completely miss the
diagnosis of mineral deficiencies?

Because of social constraints on our public behavior, most people under public
scrutiny who suffer from mineral deficiencies and pica (aka: “The Munchies”) will
chew gum, eat sugar (4.5 calories per gm), milk chocolate, snack food, or soft
drinks when their bodies are really screaming for minerals. Other socially popular
ways to publically respond to pica and the cravings of mineral deficiencies
include smoking, alcohol, and drug use. Ice eating, known as “pagophagia,” is also
common, particularly in iron-deficient children and adults.

The research confirms these observations:


Henrock (1831) attributed pica to “a paucity of good blood and a lack of
Proper nutrition.”

Waller (1874) reported that David Livingston observed many cases of clay
and earth eating (geophagia), a common form of pica frequently observed in
pregnant women in central Africa.

Orr and Gilka (1931) and de Castro (1952) recognized that “edible Earths
might be rich in sodium, iron and calcium.”

Gilford (1945) reported that pica was common in Kenya amongst African
tribes (Kikuyu) living mainly on a vegetarian diet. Pica was absent in those
peoples eating diets rich in animal flesh, blood, and bones (Masai).

Nicolas Monardes (1493-1588), a Spanish physician, published Historia
Medicinal. In the second volume is a scientific dialogue on the “virtues” of iron.
However, iron was not generally accepted for medical use as a supplement until
the 1600s when Nicolas Le’Mery found iron in an analysis of animal tissue ash.

Dr. Thomas Sydenham (1682) recommended for all diseases involving anemia,
treatment by “bleeding” (if the patient was strong enough) followed by a course
of Dr. Willis’ “Preparation of Steel.”

===== Screenshot (463) -- Page 380 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

In 1745 V. Menghini demonstrated the iron in tissue was found primarily in red
blood cells. in the same year, Dr. Willis’ “Preparation of Steel” was marketed as a
patent medicine. It consisted of iron fillings and tartar roasted and given in wine
as syrup, or rolled into pills.

In 1850 it was reported in a medical journal that a woman who had lost three
premature pregnancies was given “iron scales from the smith’s anvil, steeped in
“hard” cider during her entire pregnancy. The woman's appetite increased, and
her digestion, health, and spirits improved. She delivered a full-term boy who was
so strong that he could walk by nine months of age. At age five he was so strong
and tall that he became known as the “iron baby.”

Dickens and Ford reported that twenty-five percent of all children ate earth.

Cooper (1957) reported a twenty-one percent rate of pica in American children
referred to the Mother's Advisory Service in Baltimore.

Lanzkowsky (1959) reported that twelve children with pica had hemoglobin
that ranged from 3-gm percent to 10.9-gm percent with a mean of 7.89-gm
percent +/-2.64. The institution of iron dextran “resulted in a cure for pica in
two weeks.” Again, if children are consuming or supplemented with adequate
amounts of minerals they will not eat lead paint.

McDonald and Marshall (1964) reported on twenty-five children who ate sand.
They divided the group in half, giving one group iron and the other group saline.
After three to four months, eleven of the thirteen children given iron were cured
of their pica behavior compared to three of the twelve given saline.

Reynolds et al. (1968) reported on thirty-eight people with anemia who
exhibited “pagophagia,” or ice eating, as the most common form of pica. Twenty-
two of the thirty-eight had their pica symptoms disappear after correcting an iron
depletion anemia.

Woods and Weisinger (1970) reproduced pagophagia experimentally in rats
by withdrawing blood. The pagophagia in the anemic rats was cured when the

anemia was cured. They also noted that pica and cribbing behaviors were not
produced by vitamin deficiencies or cured with vitamin supplementation.

‘Two-thirds of the 153 pregnant women studied by Taggart (1961) developed
cravings. The most common craving was for fruit, pickles, blood pudding, licorice,
potato chips, cheese, and kippers. A craving for sweets, vegetables, nuts, and
sweet pickles came in second place.

Phosphate appetite was described by LeVaillant (1796) as the anxious search
by cattle in phosphate-deficient South African pastures for discarded animal
bones (osteophagia). Phosphorous-deficient cattle also chewed wood (termed
cribbing or pica behavior) and each other's horns.

Osteophagia has been reported in many phosphorous-deficient wild species of
herbivores including the reindeer, caribou, red deer, camel, giraffe, elephant, and
wildebeest.

It was demonstrated that calcium-deficient weanling rats will consume large
amounts of a lead-acetate solution, even though it tastes bad, when compared to
calcium-fed controls.

Lithium was discovered in mineral water in 1817 by August Arfvedson in a
‘Swedish laboratory in the town of Berzelius. Its use in mental illness dates back to
400 AD when Caelius Aurelianus prescribed waters containing lithium for mental
illness.

In the 1840s, it was reported that lithium salts combined with uric acid
dissolved urate deposits. Lithium was then used to treat kidney stones “gravel,”
gout, and rheumatism, as well as a plethora of physical and mental illnesses.

Health spas picked up on the notoriety that lithium was receiving and often
times marketed themselves with exaggerated claims of the lithium in their hot
mineral springs, even going to the extent of adding the word “lithia” to their
name to woo the general public. Because of the easy access to lithium salts by the

===== Screenshot (464) -- Page 382 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

general public at hot springs and spas, physicians looked elsewhere for arthritis
therapies.

There are seventy-five metals listed in the periodic table, all of which have
been detected in human blood and other body fluids. We know that at least sixty
of these metals (minerals) have a direct or indirect physiological value for animals
and man. Organically, not a single function in the animal or human body can take
place without at least one mineral or metal cofactor.

“On an inorganic chemical basis little distinction can be made between metals.
Both metals and non-metals enter actively into chemical reactions. The difference
reveals itself in the physical properties. By common agreement, those elements
that possess a high electrical conductivity and a lustrous appearance in the solid
state are considered to be metals,” according to Bruce A. Rogers, metallurgist and
physicist.

Minerals truly govern our lives whether we recognize it or not. Sadly, the
current medical “wisdom” on salt, and the medical profession's inability to
recognize that the various forms of pica that are exhibited in America, show that
we have failed to understand the true effects and importance of the ubiquitous


mineral-deficiency diseases.

Most Americans suffer from diseases that are thought to be genetic by the
medical community when they are in reality diseases that are preventable and or
curable with simple nutritional supplementation of minerals and dietary changes.
These diseases are examples of events that can be explained and solved by the
use of our knowledge of epigenetics.

Several racial and religious groups of American people suffer more than others
from “the lack of knowledge and laziness and greed of the medical community”
according to the CDC.

African-Americans

“Black Americans have shed their chains made of iron and the white-only ballot,
and yet, have again been enslaved by new slave masters—doctors in white coats
with fraudulent chains of DNA and a conjured up black gene.”
—Dr. Joel D. Wallach, BS, DVM, ND and
Dr. Ma Lan, MD, MS, LAC
Black Gene Lies: Slave Quarter Cures

The African-American community (aka Blacks) has long been abused by the
medical industry who falsely teaches them that their common diseases, such as
high blood pressure, sickle-cell anemia, type 2 diabetes, obesity, heart disease,
arthritis, cancer, as well as a high rate of birth defects and their shorter than
average life spans, are generated by a terrible “black gene.”

Since the days of slavery, blacks have been taken advantage of by many, but
the most insidious injustices have been from those in the the medical community.
Poor health outcomes crushing Blacks and the poor were “scientifically”
rationalized as being genetically and hereditarily predetermined. Segregation,


involuntary sterilization, nihilistic public health and educational policies, and
incarceration were considered “solutions” for the nation’s poor, disabled, mentally
challenged, or racially “inferior” populations and the problems they created.
Sympathy for the poor during the Great Depression, and the public’s reaction
to the rise of Hitler and Nazi Germany's eugenic and dysgenic ideologies and
policies, did help to slow and neutralize the increase of these hateful practices
in America. By the end of World War II many of these act


ities had gone
underground or were almost completely discredited.

The healthcare environment perpetrated the U.S. tradition of misusing Black,
poor, socially disadvantaged (prisoners), and disabled (mentally-challenged

===== Screenshot (465) -- Page 384 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

children) patients for medical experimentation, eugenics, or medical school class
demonstrations. These practices were defended on the grounds of “scientific
research” or the health profession's need for subjects for “teaching purposes” or
studies to limit defective genes (and limiting the welfare rolls as a result).

In the mid-1920s, highly respected African-American social scientists, such as
E. Franklin Frazier, argued that white physicians regarded their black patients as
“simply experimental material.” This distance between medical ethics and U.S.
health system practices happened on several levels, including, but not limited
to, utilizing uninformed or poorly-informed patient populations for research that
results in injury or, at the very least, compromises their health outcomes.

This includes performing excessive or unnecessary surgery on patients, often
under coercion or without their consent, especially for eugenic purposes. It
includes tailoring patients’ care and treatment according to the professional
training or research reqi


ements of the institution's surgical demonstrations and
“teaching and training materials,” instead of attending to actual medical needs
driven by the requirements of the individual patient's case. This also includes
denying, inadequately treating, or abusing patients in need of simple basic care
or services because they fail to have rare diseases, are “uninteresting” or “routine”
cases, or do not meet the standards for research protocols.

Between 1930 and 1945, the picture of this misuse and abuse changed as the
research excuse for these practices became more accepted. This was largely the
result of the Flexner/ Johns Hopkins model for medical education and biomedical
research that had been enacted at a network of major American medical facilities.
The infamous Tuskegee syphilis experiment, initiated in the 1930s is an example:

Initially implemented as part of a U.S. Public Health Service/Rosenwald Fund
rural syphilis public health and treatment program in the late 1920s, the non-
treatment phase of approximately 400 syphilitic Black men with 200 uninfected
controls began in 1932 in Macon County, Alabama (Tuskegee, the county seat,

is home of the famous Tuskegee Institute). The purpose was to study the
effects of syphilis on untreated African-American men. None of the patients were
specifically informed that they had syphilis. They were told they were being
treated for "bad blood,” but no treatment was given during the study.

Fueled by patient deception and professional paternalism that viewed the
patients as laboratory animals, the decision was made to block patients from
being informed of or receiving the effective and standard treatment of penicillin
ent continued until 1972.


available after World War Il, and the 40-year exp:
It resulted in 100 deaths from untreated syphilis, scores of blind and demented
participants from the ravages of the disease, numerous wives who contracted
syphilis, and their children born with congenital syphilis.

The study produced numerous presentations at medical meetings and more
than 13 scientific papers. But it was scientifically flawed from the start, and most
of the subjects received some treatment in order to render them noninfectious
early in the study.

The ethical conflicts of using patients for inhumane and unethical purposes
and the practice of overusing Black American patients for medical studies
continued. Dr. John A. Kenny, one of the most influential and highly respected
physicians in the United States, exposed the enormity of the problem and gave
his perspective during this era. In his 1941 plea “that a monument be raised and
dedicated to the nameless Negroes who have contributed so much to surgery by
the “guinea pig route, he said:

In our discussion of the negro's contribution to surgery, there is one phase
not to be overlooked. That is what | May vulgarly, but at the same time
seriously, term the “guinea pig” phase . .. one of that practically endless list
of “guinea pigs.” . . . (Un}told thousands of . . . Negroes have been used to
promote the cause of science. Many a heroic operation performed for the

===== Screenshot (466) -- Page 386 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

first time on a nameless Negro, is today classical. Even Negro physicians,
surgeons and nurses, at times wince at the scenes . . . of Negroes used for
experimental and teaching surgery.

One of the dark secrets of the American biomedical and health care
systems between 1960 and 1980 was the “epidemic” of forced sterilizations
and unethical surgery. Why the Tuskegee syphilis experiment raised such an
outcry and the forced sterilizations “rated hardly a whimper” is a story of
medical racism. Dr. Kenny went on to say, most of the victims of this
sterilization and the preponderance of unethical surgeries “were the traditional
targets of the scientific racists, Galton eugenics-oriented, hereditarian, social
Darwinist, biological-determinist influenced U.S. scientific and health system—
Black Americans, Hispanic/Latino Americans, lower middle-class and working
class white families unable to afford the cost of proper medical care, the mentally
challenged, the disabled, the incarcerated, the indigent, institutionalized children,
and the unemployed.”

By 1980 the United States’ sterilization laws had been in place for more
than 70 years; the first such law had been enacted in Indiana in 1907. Driven
by Sir Francis Galton's International Eugenics movement, 30 states and Puerto
Rico ultimately passed similar forced sterilization laws. Most of these sterilization
laws were based on the Model Eugenical Sterilization Law drafted before 1922
by Harry H. Laughlin, superintendent of the Eugenics Record Office (ERO) and


coeditor of the Eugenical News; he also authored a book entitled, Eugenical
Sterilization in the United States.

The Model Law required each state to appoint a state eugenicist responsible
for enforcing compulsory sterilization laws. These laws were directed at the
“feebleminded,” insane, and criminalistics (including the delinquent and the
wayward); epileptic; inebriate (including alcoholics and drug addicts); diseased

(including patients with tuberculosis, the syphilitic, the leprous, and others
with chronic infectious and legally segregatable diseases); blind, deaf, deformed
and physically disabled, and dependent orphans; “ne’er-do-wells,” the homeless,
tramps and paupers—the state eugenicist's jurisdiction included all the above
people he judged to be members of “socially inadequate classes.”

According to Laughlin, of the 63,678 Americans sterilized under the eugenic
laws between 1907 and 1964, 33,374 (52.4%) “were sterilized against their will
for being adjudged feebleminded or mentally retarded, which in most of these
states was defined as having an IQ test score of 70 or lower (this included the
illiterate).”

Beginning with the Great Depression and World War Il, “involuntary
sterilization in the American South had increasingly been performed on
institutionalized Blacks.” As Dorothy Roberts reported in her 1997 book Killing
the Black Body: Race, Reproduction, and the Meaning of Liberty: "The demise of Jim
Crow (laws) had ironically opened the doors of state institutions to Blacks, who
(then) took the place of the poor Whites as the main target of the eugenicist’s
(doctor's) scalpel.”

In 1955 South Carolina's State Hospital reported that all 23 persons sterilized
over the previous year were Black women. Of the nearly 8,000 "mentally deficient
persons” sterilized by the North Carolina Eugenics Commission between the
1930s, 5,000 were Black. The State Hospital for Negroes in Goldsboro, where all
of the doctors and most of the staff were white, routinely operated on black
patients confined there for being criminally insane, feebleminded, or epileptic.

Before World War II, black men there were castrated or given vasectomies
for being convicted of attempted rape, for being considered “unruly” by hospital
authorities, or to make them “easier to handle.” None were asked for their
consent.

===== Screenshot (467) -- Page 389 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

According to Chase: “These victims of Galton’s obsessive fantasies
represented . . . the smallest part of the actual number of Americans who have
in the (20th) century been subjected to forced eugenic sterilization operations by
(doctors employed by) state and federal agencies.” Ironically, by the 1960s, when
the first generation of mandatory sterilization laws were repealed, there was a
wave of new laws assaulting reproductive rights and a massive unprecedented
wave of forced sterilizations. Many of them were paid for by the government and


facilitated by new health financing mechanisms, often hidden under the cloak
of “expanded health services for the poor, and carried out by (doctors employed
by) health delivery system institutions already in place swept the country.” These
programs differentially affected and were executed on black American women.

In 1974 it was argued before Federal District Judge Gerhard Gesell, in a case
brought on behalf of poor victims of involuntary sterilizations performed in
hospitals and clinics participating in federally funded family-planning programs,
that: “over the last few years, an estimated 100,000 to 150,000 low-income
persons have been sterilized annually under federally funded programs.” A study
discovered that nearly half of the women sterilized were black.

Dorothy Roberts revealed that in the 1970s, “Most sterilizations of black
women were not performed under the auspices of eugenic laws. The violence was
committed by doctors paid by the government to provide health care for these
women.”

These operations were occurring at the same time that sterilization became
the fastest growing form of birth control in the United States, reaching a peak of
1,102,000 in 1972 dropping off to 936,000 in 1974.

Government officials estimated that an additional 250,000 sterilizations
annually, hidden in hospital records as hysterectomies, could be added to the
previous total. Blacks were disproportionately represented in these populations,
and a new dimension compounded the system's potential for abuse: “Teaching

hospitals performed unnecessary hysterectomies on poor black women as
practice for their medical residents. This type of abuse was so pervasive in
the American South that these operations came to be known as “Mississippi
appendectomies.”

The last ten year American census (2010) showed that the American
population is the third largest in the world at 315 million, surpassed in sheer
numbers only by China listed as number one with 1.5 billion and India second at
1.2 billion.

‘Also, and even more importantly, the last ten-year census reported in 2010
showed that the average black man lives to be 62, the average white man, 75, and
the average Hispanic lives to be 80.5. Why is there an eighteen year difference
between the life span of a black man and a Hispanic man? Doctors will say
genetics and lifestyle. In reality the black man has been taught to overuse the
medical system because of his medically created fears of his “terrible black gene,”
whereas the Hispanic man is still using grandma's home remedies and they just
don't get killed as often by doctors as the blacks who overuse the medical system.

Two thirds of the men in American prisons are black, seventy percent of
black kids under the age of twelve are overweight, and almost forty percent
are obese. The rate of dementia, obesity, and type 2 diabetes is higher in the
black community than in the white and Hispanic communities, the rate of ADD,
ADHD and autism is higher in Black kids, and the rates of gluten intolerance, skin
problems, asthma is higher in black kids.

Amish, Mennonites, and Hutterites

The Amish can trace their heritage back to the Swiss Anabaptists of 16th century
Europe. Unhappy with the faith and practice of the Catholic Church in Europe,
Martin Luther lodged a protest in 1517. His revolt ushered in the Protestant

===== Screenshot (468) -- Page 391 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Reformation, resulting in Protestantism becoming a permanent branch or sect of
Christendom.

After a few years, restless students of the Protestant Pastor Ulrich Zwingli
of Zurich, became frustrated with the agonizingly slow pace of the Protestant
Reformation. The young revolutionaries chastised Pastor Zwingli and the Zurich
City Council for continuing baptism of infants and conducting the Catholic Mass.

Shortly after a confrontation with the city council, the young revolutionaries
illegally baptized each other in a secret gathering on January 21, 1525. The
simple religious service in a private home-birthed movement would become a
permanent branch of the Protestant Reformation.

The young rebels were given the name Anabaptists (“rebaptizers”), as they had
already been baptized as babies in the Catholic Church.

The civil authorities and local leaders of both the Protestant and Catholic
Churches continued to insist that they alone held authority over the citizens. They
believed that Scripture was the final authority on how they conducted their lives.

The civil authorities and local leaders of both the Protestant and Catholic
Churches continued to insist that they held authority over the citizens and within
five months of the initial rebaptism, Hans Landis, the leader of the Anabaptists
was “killed for sedition.” He was beheaded September 30, 1614, on St. Michaels
Day. The followers of Anabaptism fled for their lives, and when there were
gatherings they were held in the dark of remote caves. The Anabaptist movement
spread to Germany and then into the Netherlands,

In the following two centuries, literally thousands of Anabaptists were
executed by both civil and religious authorities. Anabaptist hunters were
commissioned to track down, torture, brand, put them to death at the stake


by burning, drown, imprison, dismember, and generally harass “the reli
heretics.”
Describing the persecution of the Anabaptists between 1635 and 1645, an

observer reported, “It is awful to read and speak about it, how they treated
pregnant mothers, women nursing infants, the old, the young, husbands, wives,
virgins, and children, and how they took their homes and houses, farms and
goods. Yes, and much more, how they made widows and orphans, and without
mercy drove them from their homes and scattered them among strangers... with
some the father died in jail for lack of food and drink.”

The persecutions ebbed and flowed until the early 18th century and the
Anabaptists were able to find refuge in Moravia, Alsace, the Palatine, the
Netherlands, and later in North America. The Martyrs Mirror, a thousand page
book, documents the decades of persecution.

In 1527 the persecution drove the Anabaptists leaders to put down their
beliefs as a universal guide for their daily lives:

1. Literal obedience to the teachings of Christ
2. The church as a covenant community
3. Adult, or “believers,” baptism after age 18 years of age
4, Social separation from the evil world
5. The exclusion of errant members from communion
6. The rejection of violence
7. The refusal to swear oaths
(One scholar rendered the core of the Anabaptists belief down to three features:
1. A devoted obedience to teachings and example of Christ

2.A new concept of the church as a voluntary body of believers
accountable to one another and separate from the larger world

3. An ethic of love which rejects violence in all spheres of human life

===== Screenshot (469) -- Page 393 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

In the Netherlands, Menno Simons became an influential supporter of
Anabaptism. Ordained as a Catholic priest in 1524, Simons soon found himself
caught between the authority of the Catholic Church and the teachings of the
Anabaptists. By 1531 Simons chose the Anabaptist's interpretation of Scripture;
however, he did not officially forsake the Catholic Church until 1536.

Simons rose to the status of a leader, writer, advocate, and preacher for
the Anabaptist believers. He rose to such a level of influence that many of his
supporters and followers were referred to as Mennonists (Mennonites).

By the late part of the 17th century a group of Anabaptists moved northward
from Switzerland to the Alsace region, which is found in what is now modern
France between the Rhine River and the Vosges Mountains. A theological feud
broke out between the Alsatian immigrants and those who stayed behind in
Switzerland. The disagreement resulted in the formation of the Amish church in
1693.

The Amish take their name from their founder, Jacob Ammann, a young
Anabaptist leader in Alsace. For the most part, the Amish, Mennonites, and
Hutterites own their own subsistence farms and small manufacturing businesses,
and take care of the majority of their own health issues.

Several factors opened the Amish, Mennonites, and Hutterites to being victims
of predatory medical doctors. Firstly, the Amish are extremely trusting, as their
word is their bond, and they would like to believe that is true also of others;
secondly they self-insure and their colony pays their bills in cash; and thirdly they
primarily get the majority of their food supply from the fruits of their own farms
and labor.

In 1995 in Lancaster County, PA, an obstetrician/gynecologist brought civil
and criminal charges against an Amish midwife for practicing medicine without
a license. His purpose was to legally force the Amish community to use medical
doctors for the delivery of their babies.

On the appointed day, the little county court house was surrounded by
hundreds of Amish buggies that had come to support the Amish midwife. They
knew that if a precedent were to be established in Lancaster County, eventually
all Amish births in America would require a medical doctor in attendance.

Just before the trial officially opened, a white-haired bishop from the local
colony approached the judge and asked if he could make a statement. The wise
judge agreed. The bishop said that the midwife in question was his wife and if


she were found guilty, his daughters would deliver the communities babies, and
if they were arrested, the neighbor's wife would deliver the communities babies
and so on. He further stated that they had been delivering their own babies for
hundreds of years and that they wanted to continue delivering their own babies
—and they would move out of the state rather than have the medical doctors
deliver their babies.

The judge summarily dismissed all charges, and the Amish with buggies from
outside the county and outside of the state pulled out and left to spread the good
news.

The medical doctors who do get to see an Amish patient enjoy the cash
payment for their services and they enter the Amish communities several times
each year to “raise money for research to look for the cure for the genetic
diseases” that plague the Amish communities.

Ninety-nine percent or more of all of the “genetic diseases” that plague
the Amish, Mennonite, and Hutterite communities are in fact simple, congenital
nutritional deficiencies of the embryo (for example: congenital deafness, cleft
palate, cleft lip, spina bifida, Down’s syndrome, cerebral palsy, limb defects, heart
defects, hernias, cystic fibrosis, muscular dystrophy, celiac disease, asthma, skin
problems, etc.) or are acquired nutritional deficiencies later in life (for example:
MS, ALS, Parkinson's disease, all four dementias, heart disease, high blood

===== Screenshot (470) -- Page 395 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

pressure, type 2 diabetes, cataracts, macular degenerations, cancer, arthritis,
lupus, IBS, Crohn's disease, etc.).

All of the birth defects are totally preventable with proper preconception
nutrition and many of these, including cystic fibrosis and muscular dystrophy, can
be reversed later in life.

Certainly all of the diseases acquired as an adult can be prevented and most
can be reversed.

The medical community claims that “the reason why there are so many birth
defects amongst the Amish, Mennonites and Hutterites is that they commonly
marry their relatives; they inbreed, and as a result they have accumulated terrible
genes over the years"—all false beliefs.

‘An example of misinformation for profit comes from the Windows of Hope
Foundation in Holmes County, Ohio. Each year the Amish alone raise millions of
dollars for them to “do research to find the gene” or treatments for what they
are told are genetic diseases. If the Mafia were to do such a thing to a community
of people the Untouchables would arrest them for racketeering under the RICO
laws.

Windows of Hope Foundation’s list of “Genetic Diseases”


Disease Actual Cause


Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis 2
("ALS)

Free-radical damage to Brain

Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy
(Cerebral

Selenium Deficiency

Cerebellar

Hypoplasia

Congenital Zinc Deficiency


Congenital Hypothyroidism

Nitrate Toxicity
Cystic Fibrosis, Selenium Deficiency
Deafness (cochlear) Congenital Manganese Deficiency
Hutterite Malformation Syndrome Multiple Deficiencies
Limb-Girdle
Type 2A

Spinal Muscular Atrophy, Type 1

Muscular Dystrophy, Selenium Deficiency
Selenium Deficiency

Sudden Infant Death Syndrome Selenium Deficiency

Troyer (lower Limb

Stiffness)

syndrome Multiple Deficiencies


One of the extremely common contributing factors to a high rate of
birth defects in the Amish, Mennonite, and Hutterite communities is that
actual analysis of the soil on thei

departments has revealed that they have soil deficiencies of certain nutrients,


farms by the state university's agriculture

which then results in deficiencies of those nutrients in the local crops. Many
Amish know they need to supplement the feed of their livestock to prevent losing
them from nutritional-deficiency diseases or having to call a veterinarian to come
out to their farm for a high-priced visit.

But as a rule the Amish, Mennonite, and Hutterite farmers believe that they


can get everything they need from their food and that many of their degenerative
diseases are genetic because that’s what doctors have taught them.

Another extremely common contributing factor to familial clusters, increased
local birth defects, and increased rates of adult-onset disease is gluten
intolerance. The Amish, Mennonites and Hutterites suffer from this at a higher
level than the average American population as a result of a high-grain diet.

===== Screenshot (471) -- Page 397 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

According to a 2009 study published by the Mayo Clinic, thirty-one percent,
almost a full third of Americans (115 million), suffer from gluten intolerance.
The rate is higher (80%) in the Amish, Mennonite, Hutterite, Mormon, and
Seventh Day Adventists communities because they consume large quantities of
wheat, barley, rye, and oats each day, and so their numbers might be as high
as having fifty to seventy-five percent of their populations suffering from gluten
intolerance.

Gluten intolerance, over time, produces a gradual loss of villi from the small
intestine, resulting in a significant reduction in absorptive capacity. Fifty percent
absorption of nutrients from food that might have from zero to ten percent
of one's nutritional requirement for selenium to begin with, will significantly

increase the risk for cardiomyopathy heart disease, liver cirrhosis, cancer,
cataracts, macular degeneration, MS, dementia, infertility, muscular dystrophy,
cystic fibrosis, fibromyalgia, lupus, thyroid disease, and other illness.

Putting an afflicted individual on a gluten-free diet and supplementing the
person correctly with the basic platform of the 90 essential nutrients and
therapeutic levels of the deficient nutrient will solve many health problems,
save the community an enormous amount of unnecessary misery, save an
enormous amount of unnecessary spending, and add many healthful years to the
individual's life.

===== Screenshot (472) -- Page 399 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

CHAPTER FOURTEEN


Joel Wallach: Polymath

From these experiences on the farm, in the laboratory, and in the wilds of
Africa, | quickly learned that it doesn’t matter whether one is a creationist
or a student of evolution—our immediate mutual problem is that Earth, our
planet, is a limited finite resource for the raw materials that are the basis of
all plant, animal, and human life as we know it. Living organisms procure
their raw materials of essential elements and minerals for reproduction,
development, growth and maintenance, and for longevity from a thin,
fragile blanket of organic and inorganic matter and gas on or just above the
earth's crust.
—Dr. Joel Wallach & Dr. Ma Lan
Dead Doctors Don’t Lie

Education and Early Experience Working in the
Fields of Animal and Human Pathology

In September of 1958 Wallach entered the Agricultural School at the University
of Missouri, Columbia, MO, and because he had no grants and no money, sought
out and got jobs feeding the university's beef herd, milking and feeding the
university's dairy herd, feeding and collecting blood samples from the poultry
department's population of chickens, and also busing tables in the dormitory in
exchange for two meals each day.

Wallach spent extra time with Dr. William Albrecht, his soils professor, learning
about soil nutrition and its effect on animal and human health and production.
Considerable amounts of time were spent on weekends in Sanborn field working
with Albrecht and studying the various effects of the different types of fertilizer
on the yields and on the health of the animals and people who ate the plants that
were grown in the field,

Wallach was accepted into veterinary school on his first attempt because of
the great recommendations from the university's herdsmen. To work his way
through veterinary school, he added jobs in the department of anatomy by
embalming animals and preparing anatomy specimens for other students and
the instructors teaching specimens. He also worked for the veterinary pathology
department as a student assistant to Dr. Loren Kintner, the chief pathologist.

In 1962, after graduating from agricultural school, Wallach was in his
second year of veterinary medicine and his first year as a graduate student
in comparative pathology working towards his PhD. There were special courses
in comparative pathology, and Dr. Morehouse, the head of the department of
veterinary pathology, joined Kintner in mentoring the eager Wallach. By the
time Wallach graduated from veterinary school, he had participated in and
reviewed more than 200 hundred human autopsies, including Vietnam casualties
—both American and Vietnamese—along with performing thousands of animal
autopsies of pets, domestic livestock, laboratory animals, and road-killed wildlife.
Wallach was rapidly becoming an expert in comparative pathology (including

===== Screenshot (473) -- Page 401 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

histopathology, microbiology, parasitology, tissue chemistry, toxicology, and
nutrition).

In late December 1961, most of the teaching faculty of the veterinary school
had left for family holiday visits and had left the service responsibilities for
the various departments to the graduate students. Wallach, then 21 years old,
was responsible for service pathology and the training of veterinary students in
pathology.

The very first day Wallach was on his own in the pathology lab, a sheep farmer
came in and dumped fifty dead lambs on the floor. The night before the farmer
had lost 500 head of prime six-month-old lambs that were ready for market.

When the lambs were opened up it was obvious that each lamb had blood
the color of chocolate milk. This blood condition, referred to as methemaglobin,
is caused by the chronic consumption of significant levels of nitrates, and they
all had large goiters that were caused by the chronic exposure to the nitrates.
The night they all died was a particularly cool night; the temperature had
been running at 40° F and had dropped to 19° F, and they had all died from
hypothermia in one night.

It turns out that the source of the nitrates was the uphill farmer who had
applied large amounts of high-nitrate fertilizer, which had found its way into the
sheep farmer's well water. The nitrates had caused the goiter over a six-month
period, and when the weather turned for the worst and the temperature dropped
the lambs could not survive.

The lamb incident was the first mass die-off from pollution in the United
States that was proven by autopsy that included analysis of environmental
conditions, the animals’ water and feed, and the lambs’ tissue chemistry, and
as a result this was published in the Journal of the American Veterinary Medical
Association. In 1962 Wallach was only 22 years old and now had a major
publication in environmental pathology—an event that would ultimately direct

his life.

Over the next two years, in addition to veterinary school, Wallach took two
years of graduate courses in comparative pathology and did service pathology,
performing autopsies on both animals and humans. These cases included
examination of clinical data, gross pathology, histopathology, tissue chemistries,
toxicology, and microbiology to identify, bacteria, viruses, and fungi that might
be the cause of disease.

Wallach graduated from veterinary school at the University of Missouri in
June of 1964, and because he already had enough graduate work to obtain his
PhD, he was immediately hired as an instructor by the lowa State University’s
School of veterinary Medicine and also by the lowa State Diagnostic Laboratory
to teach comparative pathology to graduate students of pathology and to do
service pathology. Concurrently, he was allowed to continue to take courses in
human neuro-anatomy and pathology to continue his goal of attaining his PhD in
comparative pathology.

In addition to his teaching responsibilities and his classes, Wallach was
required to do service pathology for the lowa State Diagnostic Laboratory to
support research projects for the veterinary school and medical school, wildlife
department, farmers, and the small and large animal clinicians.

Soon Wallach was back to his typical routine of ten to twenty-five pathology
cases per day by himself. A single case might include a tray full of human organs,
human tissue slide sets and biopsies, a 2,000 pound Hereford bull, a bucket full of
laboratory rats, a pet dog or cat, a pickup truck filled with 200 dead baby pigs, or
twenty turkeys in a trash can. On occasion Wallach was blessed with the carcass
of a deer, fox, coyote, raccoon, bobcat, snake, fish, wild turkey, or pheasant from
the wildlife department. The sources of the wild animals ranged from road kills
and wild animals bailed in hay to wild animals that had been killed after invading
people's basements.

===== Screenshot (474) -- Page 403 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Wallach quickly learned that even free-ranging wild species were rife with
nutritional-deficiency diseases. They were, for the most part, dependent on
the land and the plants they ate for their supply of minerals. They were
lucky if they found natural salt licks, or could swipe some trace minerals
from a trace-mineral salt block set into a pasture for the domestic livestock,
or found clay beds, creek banks, coal deposits, or other sources of minerals.
Many weren't lucky and suffered from a wide variety of preventable and
curable diseases, such as infertility, congenital birth defects (spina bifida, cleft
palate, heart defects, cerebral palsy, deafness, and extra or missing limbs), and
degenerative diseases (arthritis, osteoporosis, kidney stones, muscular dystrophy
and encephalomalacia, cardiomyopathy, congestive heart failure, liver cirrhosis,
etc,).

Work on African Wildlife Projects

‘At the end of his first year of teaching at lowa State, Wallach had the opportunity
of a lifetime. Jim Howard, one of his colleagues with whom he shared an office,
had to cancel a trip to South Africa to work on a wildlife project doing autopsies
and parasite studies on a hippo killed in a population control project because his
daughter had fallen severely ill with asthma, requiring the whole family to stay in
the United States.

Wallach felt he could always come back and finish up his PhD, and the
opportunity to work in Africa with wildlife might not readily become available
again, so he requested a recommendation from Marlin Perkins of Mutual of
Omaha's Wild Kingdom fame. And because of Wallach's previous work history at
the St. Louis Zoological Gardens with Perkins, and the fact that he was already
a published pathologist, Wallach was given Jim Howard's now abandoned Africa
project.

Wallach resigned his post at the state diagnostic laboratory and his teaching
post, put his graduate studies on hold, and prepared to leave in two weeks
for Africa! The staff at the diagnostic lab gave Wallach a going-away party,
which bragged an African theme. Literally in the midst of the festivities, Wallach
received a telegram announcing that the position in Africa had to be put on hold
because of political problems between the United States and South Africa, and
they couldn't justify an American being involved in a high-profile conservation
project.

Wallach made the decision to buy the tickets and to go on his own—to take
the leap and go to Africa—this was it! He felt they could refund his ticket money
if they really didn’t want him, and he wasn’t going to let an international feud
interfere with his African adventure.

Before leaving for South Africa, Wallach spent a week in Douglasville, Georgia
with Harold “Red” Palmer learning how to use, assemble, and repair Palmer's new
capture gun and tranquilizer equipment and the appropriate drugs.

Wallach arrived in Johannesburg in the late spring of 1965 and was told he
would have to turn around and go home because of political problems between
the United States and South Africa. Because of the apartheid issue, the United
States had imposed economic sanctions and blockaded shipments into and out
of South Africa, and they felt that it would be a bad thing to have an American
involved with a high-profile national conservation project.

Wallach objected, saying he had only purchased a one-way ticket and he
couldn't go home. After several days of negotiation, the offer was made for
Wallach to work in a low profile position as a state veterinarian along the border
with Botswana, His responsibilities would shooting wild animals that jumped the
double border fence into the “kill zone” and collecting blood samples and ticks to
screen for foot and mouth disease, heart water, and renderpest.

===== Screenshot (475) -- Page 405 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

There was only one hitch in the offer: of the three previous veterinarians
they had sent there, two had died from Bilharzia (schistosomiasis), a blood fluke.
Wallach spent several days in the veterinary library looking up the killer parasite
and talking to the lone survivor.

“What did the other two veterinarians die from?” Wallach asked, and the
survivor said, “Bilharzia, blood flukes!” Then, he offered, “They all die! They all
die!"


It was obvious that the offer was meant to scare Wallach off. However, he
determined through his reading that if he avoided open water (streams, ponds,
lakes, livestock watering tanks, and so forth) the intermediate stages of the
parasite couldn't infest him, and he took on the post.

Wallach was moved to a government veterinary office in Vryheid (Afrikaans
for “freedom"), a small South African town within easy range of the work sites.
He was given a government vehicle, a letter of introduction, driver's license, a
rifle, ammunition, maps, autopsy equipment, and a collection bottles and tubes.
Essentially the job was as a government hunter that was required to collect
parasites, blood samples, and tissues specimens.

Wallach’s found his accommodations were a small, sparsely furnished hotel
room. Vryheid was an Afrikaaner-speaking town. The white population spoke
14th century Dutch and the black population spoke Zulu. If anyone could speak
English, they chose not to do so. Wallach picked up several grade school primers
and began to learn Afrikaans and Zulu. He also checked out history books and
studied the dual histories of the Afrikaan and Zulu cultures.

Early in the mornings he was picked up by rangers and went to work. In short
order the word got out that there was a “new sheriff in town,” and ranchers
recognized Wallach as “the American” and treated him very well. In short order
Wallach became an expert in African wildlife diseases and parasitology.

Operation Rhino

Three months later, the Wildlife Department of the province of Natal contacted
Wallach and said they couldn’t get any local veterinarians to give up their
practices to participate in Operation Rhino so if he was still interested, he was by
default elected. His daring had paid off!

Between 1812 and 1896, the southern race of the white rhino was still
recorded as far north as the Zambesi River. The Voertrekkers (Dutch pioneers)
recorded its presence on the grassveld of the Orange Free State, the Transvaal,
and Matabeleland. The incessant northward spread of agriculture from the Cape
greatly reduced the suitable grasslands available to the white rhino, a specialized
grazing animal. The grass cover of the veld was burned and replaced with field
crops and citrus orchards.

The white rhino is an example of an overspecialized animal that wasn't flexible
enough to adjust to a new set of rules. He was physically limited to grazing on the
short grassy forages within a few inches of the ground. Sadly enough, there was a
lot of land left unoccupied by humans, but the available land usually had a dense
cover of acacia or other dense bush with little or no grass—not the ideal habitat
for the white rhino, This was a classic example of Darwin's concept of the “survival
of the fittest.” If the white rhino was going to survive and avoid going extinct, it
would require human intervention and perpetual protection.

In contrast to the white rhino's specialized eating requirements, the smaller
black rhino was a more reclusive species and was fitted by nature with a physique
that would allow it to browse and feed off of the brush much like a goat.

The black rhino had even learned how to break down the smaller trees
to reach the tender upper branches and twigs that were too tall to reach
conveniently. Because of this versatility, the black rhino fared much better than

===== Screenshot (476) -- Page 407 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

the white rhino until the naturally open veld had been tilled and planted, and
then men began the clear the black rhino's eco-niche.

As late as 1890, small armies of armed Zulu poachers were commissioned to
collect rhino horn. They relentlessly hunted the scattered individuals of a once
grand population of white rhino.

By 1896 the white rhino was officially thought to be extinct until a small herd
was located in a minute triangle of land framed by the White and Black Umfolozi
Rivers in Zululand near the east coast of Natal (the lush mideastern province
of the Republic of South Africa) overlooking the Indian Ocean. This area was
dedicated as the Umfolozi Game Reserve.

In the 1930s an American biologist, Herbert Lang, came up with an idea to
capture a portion of the tiny herd of the remaining white rhino and translocate
them to the much larger Kruger National Park in the Transvaal because he feared
that a natural or man-made disaster would wipe out the entire species.

In 1939 the Crown land northeast of Umfolozi Game Reserve was finally
declared the Hluhlue Game Reserve. The remaining bridge of Crown land in
between the two game reserves locally became known as “the corridor.”

An estimated 350 white rhino were counted in the Umfolozi Reserve during a
game census in 1947. Fortunately, sympathetic legislators were able to increase
the reserve acreage in the Umfolozi Reserve (south of the White Umfolozi River)
from its original pittance of 72,000 acres to 118,000 acres. This increase in
acreage was most welcome, although it was still far short of the 8,400 square
miles of the Kruger National Park.

The rapid increase in numbers had resulted from a combination of undisturbed
breeding and a gravitation and migration to the protection of the Umfolozi
Reserve by the uncounted individual stragglers from all over central and southern
Africa, Continued protection by the Natal Parks Board saw the white rhino
numbers swell to a respectable 500 head by 1960.

By 1961 the devastating effects of over-grazing in the Umfolozi Reserve by
the burgeoning rhino population restricted to this small space was obvious even
to the casual observer. This was the irony of total protection! Unfortunately the
white rhino had no natural predators remaining in the area, and to complicate
matters, the “corridor” connecting the Umfolozi and Hluhluwe Reserves was
coming under serious political discussion to be broken up and turned over to the
Native Trust and turned into subsistence farms.

If in fact, if the “corridor” was lost, the natural migration route to the Hluhluwe
Reserve would be totally disrupted. The specter of a repeat of the past sins
lodged against the white rhino glared at those who had nurtured the herds for so
long and so well. There were two alternatives to consider: one was to carry out
Dr. Lang's seemingly impossible dream of capturing and translocating breeding
stock to other reserves and wild animal parks, and the second was to begin
a systematic management program which would include cropping the Umfolozi
herds by licensed shooting.

Halfway across the world in Douglasville, Georgia, Harold “Red” Palmer, an
American naturalist, had developed a revolutionary new tool: the tranquilizer
gun. Prior to the invention of the tranquilizer gun in 1957, field biologists were
limited in their work to perform live trapping and to shooting animals to collect
blood specimens, as well as reducing overpopulation of a species by cropping
with a .303 Enfield rifle. By the end of 1958, the Georgia Wildlife Department had
effectively utilized “Red” Palmer's tranquilizer gun to repopulate the depleted
deer herds on the Georgia mainland from pockets of overpopulation on the
coastal barrier islands.

Palmer chemically immobilized the first black rhino in East Africa, but had to
return home to tend to a blossoming business. Additional expertise was needed
in South Africa to push Operation Rhino forward.

===== Screenshot (477) -- Page 409 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

The Natal Parks Board drafted Dr. Anthony Harthorn, a physiologist from
Uganda, as the project consultant. Dr. Harthoorn had been testing drug
combinations of morphine for the capture of antelope and zebra in cooperation
with “Red” Palmer. Working under the direction of the Head Ranger, lan Player
(brother of Gary Player, the great South African golfer), several rangers eagerly
carried out the fledgling immobilization experiments.

The initial immobilizing experiments on the white rhino were only fifty percent
successful in catching the rhino alive. Although the initial results were exciting,
everyone agreed that the survival percentage had to be higher. A fifty percent
mortality rate was believed to be too high a price to pay, since a technique for
moving the great 3,000 pound rhino once they had been captured hadn't been
developed as yet.

In 1962 the most powerful tranquilizing drugs available required such large
volumes of fluid that the projectile syringe or “dart” used to deliver the drug
was limited in accurate flight to ten yards or less. The volume/distance limitation
necessitated the use of a vehicle to chase (visions of the John Wayne movie
Hatari!) the rhino until the cumbersome ten-inch-long dart could be accurately
fired at the frantic beast from a few yards away.

By June of 1962, twelve white rhino had been immobilized—a fantastic
accomplishment that brought Operation Rhino a step closer to reality. A final
refinement of the drug combinations, dosages, and the actual techniques for
transporting the captured rhino were required before the last few pieces were put
into the puzzle.

In 1964 a new experimental drug, designated M-99 (Etorphine), was
developed by Ricketts & Son, a British pharmaceutical firm. The drug itself was a
Class 1 opium derivative that was 25,000 times more potent than morphine. The
dart volume and length could be reduced from ten inches to two inches and the
diameter of a triple-A battery!

The availability of M-99 allowed for the development of a new technique for
the capture team: the rhino hunters were now free to stalk the rhino on foot and
could accurately dart the rhino from ten yards in dense bush to thirty yards on
the open veld.

Because M-99 was a Class 1 narcotic, its use required a licensed veterinarian
to handle the drugs. Initially attempts were made to engage local South African
veterinarians; however, they were busy in their private practices and weren't
available to work full time on Operation Rhino.

Then somebody remembered Wallach, the American veterinarian out there
on the border with Botswana, shooting trespassing antelope and cattle, doing
autopsies, and collecting blood, tissue, and ticks for the Natal Department of
Agriculture to track any imported infectious disease that might have a negative
impact on the domestic livestock industry.

Wallach was moved to the Umfolozi Game Reserve at the base camp of
Mpila (Zulu for “place of health") and provided with a very comfortable thatched
roof house and a stable. Wallach would have to get a horse because fuel was
too expensive, and many parts of the parks activities were accomplished from
horseback. And in addition to the wildlife responsibilities and Operation Rhino,
Wallach was also required to care for the health of the Natal Game Reserve's 200
head of horses and pack mules.

It didn’t take long for the “jungle telegraph” to spread the word that Wallach
was some kind of doctor. There were no doctors, clinics, or hospitals within a
hundred miles, and for the Zulu on foot such a distance might as well have
been a million miles. The local Zulu began to line up every morning for “mooti”
or medicine, advice, minor surgery, and treatments of various kinds. Wallach
delivered babies, cleaned and debrided infected wounds, sutured lacerations,
drew blood samples, and handed out multi-vitamins and non-prescription
medicines for everything from parasites, arthritis pain to cough syrup.

===== Screenshot (478) -- Page 411 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Obvious nutritional deficiencies were quite common. Simple vitamin
A deficiencies in children caused keratitis, corneal ulcers, and blindness.
Omega-3 deficiencies produced eczema and asthma. Calcium deficiency caused
osteomalacia in children and arthritis, and osteoporosis and kidney stones in
adults. lodine and copper deficiency produced anemia, varicose veins, aneurysms,
miscarriages, and goiter in adults. Infants born with neural tube defects (spina
bifida) and cleft palates from folic acid or zinc deficiencies usually did not survive
the primitive environment. Infants born deaf were the result of mothers being
deficient in manganese during pregnancy.

Simple protein deficiency was a common problem and showed up as
the bloated children with swollen abdomens (kwashiorkor). Beriberi, with its
resultant congestive heart failure and dementia from vitamin B, deficiencies and
pellagra from vitamin B; deficiencies were common findings in those who lived
primarily on corn meal. He dispensed multiple vitamin-mineral tablets that he
procured during his rare trips into the coastal city of Durban.

From these experiences on the farm, in the laboratory, and in the wilds of
‘Africa, Wallach learned that it doesn’t matter whether one is a creationist or
a student of evolution. Our immediate mutual problem is that the our planet
Earth is a limited finite resource for the raw materials that are the basis of
all plant, animal, and human life as we know it. Living organisms procure their
raw materials of essential elements and minerals for reproduction, development,
growth and maintenance, and for longevity from a thin, fragile blanket of organic
and inorganic matter and gas on or just above the Earth's crust.

Wallach immediately jumped into Operation Rhino. Because M-99 was still
in its early stages of development and its availability was limited, there was
little information to guide him. The meager supply of M-99 was extended by
adding other tranquilizers. The capture gun itself was a modified version of the
standard carbon dioxide-powered pellet rifle with an expanded barrel that would

accommodate the two inch long 20-gauge dart.

The dart body consisted of an aluminum tube with internal threads on either
end; the longer the dart barrel, the more volume it could deliver. The drugs were
required to be in liquid form and measured amounts were placed in the front end
of the tubular dart body with a syringe. The drug solutions were injected into
the animal by the forward movement of a rubber plunger. The force to move the
plunger forward was provided by the production of carbon dioxide gas generated
with calcium carbonate tablets and vinegar.

The forward section of the dart was fitted with a threaded plug and a heavy
duty barbed hypodermic needle that would not bend or break on impact. The
dart was stabilized during its flight by a tufted tail piece that was screwed into the
rear of the tubular dart body.

The brightly colored tailpiece contained a recess in its interior base large
enough to house a steel ball-bearing. A calcium carbonate tablet was placed on
top of the ball bearing and sealed off from the acid vinegar in the rear of the
tube by a waxed paper membrane. The entire rear assembly was waterproofed by
a seal of clear fingernail polish. At this point the construction of each dart was a
work of art combined with science—one had an intimate relationship with each
projectile. Surely a similar feeling of pride at each finished dart was felt by the
primitive arrow maker.

When the dart struck its mark, momentum carried the ball bearing forward
through the waxed paper seal, and plunging the calcium carbonate tablet into the
vinegar, it produced a rush of carbon dioxide gas, which in turn drove the rubber
plunger forward and injected the drugs.

Many careful hours of stalking had often ended in frustration when the darts
would prematurely discharge in mid-flight or fail to go off after striking the rhino.

Perfection of the delivery system and equipment came when Palmer
developed a small percussion cap that would discharge consistently on impact.

===== Screenshot (479) -- Page 413 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

The small brass cap was placed in the base of the rubber plunger, so that when it
exploded, the crude gases it produced would instantly drive the plunger forward,
consistently and completely injecting the drugs.

Once the rhino was darted, a team of two horse mounted Zulu game
scouts followed the disappearing rhino, keeping visual contact. The scouts were
protected from injury during the chase by wearing crash helmets and heavy
leather gauntlets The horses were protected from the ripping thorns by a heavy
canvas apron and padded coronet guards. Once the downed rhino's position was
fixed, the scouts would relay the location to the waiting lorry crew by means of a
walkie-talkie.

The lorry would then be backed up to the nose of the immobilized rhino
and the 2,000-pound transport crate dumped on the ground in front of it. The
massive crates, constructed from imported fir, had a hinged door on either end to
facilitate the loading and unloading the rhino.

Once in place, the door facing the rhino opened and a two inch thick manila
line was looped around the rhino's head behind the posterior horn and then
passed forward through the crate and out through a three-inch hole in the
opposite door. When the rhino was administered Nalorphine, the M-99 antidote
and recovered from the drug cocktail’s effects (which usually took less than a
minute) and stood up, it was pulled, pushed, and guided into the crate.

In addition to the new M-99 being more potent than other drugs, it had a
second advantage over the original cocktails in that it had an antidote that could
be injected intravenously to get the animal on its feet whenever the team was
ready and the crate was in position. If the dosage of each drug in the cocktail was
calculated correctly, it would only take a few minutes to get the rhino crated and
on its way.

Once the groggy rhino lurched to its feet, a crew of eight or ten men would
haul on the line attached to its head to guide the dazed animal into the box. The

crate, closed on either end and loaded with its valuable cargo, was winched up on
a set of steel rollers hooked onto the bed of the lorry. The captured rhino could be
released in other parts of the park, or taken to the bomas (Zulu for corral), where
it would be trained to tolerate being locked up in the crate over long oceanic
voyages or overland trips to other countries.

Between 1963 and 1965, a hundred white rhinos were captured and
successfully transported 450 miles to the Kruger National Park. The enormous.
cost of the operation was partially financed by the occasional sale of pairs of
white rhinos to American and European zoos and wild animal parks.

By early 1965 a total of 265 white rhinos had been captured under the
direction of lan Player and moved to other reserves in Natal and the Transvaal,
other nations in Africa, to several western nations of Europe and to the United
States. These events, to say the least, were remarkable—an unbelievable task had
been dreamed up and accomplished. This massive exodus of white rhino had no
parallel in the annals of modern conservation. It was rivaled and overshadowed
only by the Biblical accomplishments of Noah!

When Wallach had arrived at the Umfolozi Reserve in 1965, the original
capture team was still there; however, many had been promoted to higher
stations. lan Player, the leader of the original group, was now the Chief
Conservator of Zululand; Nick Steele, the perpetrator of the idea to utilize horses
for following the darted rhino, had been promoted to senior ranger of the
Umfolozi Reserve; and John Clark, the original driver of the chase vehicle in the
original operation, was now in charge of the day-to-day catching and the boma
training of the rhino.

One invariably saw more small-animal life while stalking rhino than when
taking a casual stroll through the grass. On many occasions, while concentrating
on the approach to a rhino, a family of warthogs would be flushed from their dust
baths. Their thunderous exit can make one think he has stumbled onto a buffalo

===== Screenshot (480) -- Page 415 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

and he'll break into a nervous sweat followed by a deep sigh of relief. The general
principles for stalking rhino are the same as those employed for stalking other
animals. Sudden encounters are to be expected, but on many occasion Wallach
couldn't avoid being rattled a bit.

Still early in his training period, John Clark and Wallach were stalking a rhino
on the open veld when Wallach flushed a cobra! Several cobas were on their
bellies in rather short dry grass behind a lone bull white rhino when Wallach
heard a faint rustle to his right shoulder. Moving just his eyes, Wallach stared into
the flared hood of a ringhal cobra not ten inches away.

The shiny black snake had been had been caught unaware by their silent
approach. Alarmed, it had reared up with its hood flared in typical cobra fashion.
Clark was only two feet away from Wallach, but Clark was so intent on stalking
the rhino that he was unaware of Wallach’s predicament.

Fortunately, the ringhal is not an aggressive snake, and when it realized that
Wallach was not a source of immediate danger, it lowered the front portion of
its body into the grass and moved off. Unlike most species of cobra, the ringhal
(Afrikaans for ring-necked) gives birth to live young. These interesting snakes
prefer to feign death when approached by turning over on their backs. However,
if handled or accidently trod upon they will bite vigorously or eject a fine venom
spray at their tormentor’s face.

Following the snake's departure, Wallach rolled on his back and sweated
profusely for a few minutes before Clark realized that something had just
happened. They shared a chuckle and then went on and captured their rhino,

For Wallach, the thirst to use a new skill was insatiable and he was anxious
to get as much experience as he could before Clark left on an extended holiday.
They were out driving in the hilly southwestern portion of the reserve near the
Madhlozi River when they caught sight of a young cow rhino that met their
requirements. She saw them get out of their vehicle and walk casually towards

her. The wind was in their favor; however, when they came within fifty yards of
her she turned and trotted off with her tail curled over her back in alarm.

Sometimes a bold approach on the part of the hunter is less disconcerting
to the rhino than a sneaky approach in open country. The rhino has difficulty
in recognizing vertical objects, and as long as the hunter approaches from the
perpendicular to the rhino’s gaze they are usually dazzled and will hold their
ground.

Wallach and Clark had failed in their first approach to get into darting position,
but they stubbornly trotted upwind after the shy cow. Following her, they first
went up one hill then down again, and they followed up the side of one more
hill, before throwing in the towel and deciding it was useless. As a last desperate
effort to save the day's efforts, Wallach applied "Kentucky windage” and aimed
the capture gun about four feet above the cow's shoulder and lobbed the dart
downhill over a distance of sixty yards. They saw the dart disappear in the grass
at the cow's feet and thought that the day's catching efforts were officially a flop.

As the young cow was retreating over the hill, Wallach noted that she was
showing an unusually springy gait. Observing her for a few additional moments,
Wallach realized that the cow must have gotten the drug somehow.

They dashed back to the Land Rover and circled around to the hills ridge
where the cow was now comfortably asleep in the shade. At a glance they could
see that the dart had, in fact, struck her in the foot, needle first, and had held fast.
By this time Wallach had more than fifty rhino catches under his belt and this was
to be his longest and luckiest shot.

In addition to catching rhinos and caring for two hundred head of horses,
Wallach also collected water and forage samples to determine why the rhino and
other animals ate and drink from certain sources and avoided others. It was of
particular interest that the rhino preferred to drink what we thought of as dirty
pond water rather than drink from crystal clear springs. It turned out that the

===== Screenshot (481) -- Page 417 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

dirty pond water had a considerably higher level of minerals in it than did the
clear water that humans would have preferred.

Another responsibility of the Umfolozi and Hluhluwe rhino team was to
disperse or eliminate any competitors of the white rhino because certain species
of antelope, particularly impala and wildebeest, preferred the same short grass
veld that the white rhino depended upon. During dry years when the grass grew
slowly, large numbers of impala and wildebeest were killed at night. They were
butchered and the meat, skins, and trophy horns were sold to local ranchers and
mining companies to feed their work crews, and the revenue was used to support
the rhino capture operations.

Because of his interest in pathology Wallach examined as many animal
carcasses and internal organs as possible, looking for organic disease, parasites,
and nutritional deficiencies. Much of this data appears in “the book,” The Diseases
of Exotic Animals, that was finally published in 1983.

Clark's holiday finally came and Wallach was temporarily placed in charge
of the daily capture operations and the boma training program for rhino to
be shipped overseas by ship. Wallach was able to capture several more rhino,
keep the bomas filled with new individuals, and meet his other obligations as a
veterinarian in the reserve and the people's doctor at Mpila. If one could ever
refer to rhino capture operations as routine, most of these catches fell into that
category.

The more catches one made, however, the more confidence was built up. Every
now and then an incident would occur that reminded people in the operation that
rhino are wild animals and that becoming blasé about them could be dangerous.

Wallach and others were looking for a young bull to fill the only empty pen
in the boma. The day was far from perfect for catching operations because of
a twenty five mile an hour wind that was occasionally gusting up to sixty. Most
wildlife had sought cover from the driving wind and the chafing caused by the

sand being whipped up from the veld. After an entire morning of searching they
had caught only a brief glimpse of three black rhino as they covered the open veld
with their tails held high in the air and their rumps to the fierce wind.

A troop of about fifteen Chacma baboons occupied their attention for a few
minutes as they began quarreling over some delectable scorpions at the edge of a
pan. While they watched they also took a short rest to eat sandwiches and cookies
and then continued the drive east along a little-used vehicle tract. Before long
they came upon a small bachelor herd of five young bulls taking shelter from the
wind in a shallow pan, Making a stalk on these animals was fairly easy, as they
were battened down in the mud with the roaring of the wind in their ears and the
constant blast of the windblown sand on their backs.

Wallach was able to creep within fifteen feet of the rhinos, thus reducing the
wind's deflecting effect on the dart. After picking out the most likely looking bull,
Wallach darted him in the shoulder just above the waterline. The herd, caught
completely unaware, thundered from the pan with mud and water flashing.

The game scouts that we would normally use as horsemen to follow the
darted animal were on another assignment, so they began to trot and tagged
after the rhinos, trotting about twenty yards apart, keeping their eyes on the
ground so as to not lose the rapidly fading tracks in the windblown sand.

Suddenly, Wallach realized there was a large mass on the path in front of
him, He came to a slow motion stop and saw an old cow rhino with an unusually
straight horn staring intently at him. Behind the cow was a 2,000 pound bull calf
turning first to the left, then to the right, in a blind panic and confusion. Wallach
whistled to let the old girl know that the shadow in front of her was a human,
with the hope that she would turn and trot off.

Only then did Wallach realize that he was on her windward side. The wind was
driving his scent to her and it was too late! She charged strait into the wind, her
head in the attack position for optimal use of her horn. Wallach was stumped for

===== Screenshot (482) -- Page 420 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

a moment, as he hadn't been in this position before, but she then came within ten
feet and continued to disregard his shouts, so he pulled himself up into a handy
acacia tree just as the bull calf wacked the tree's trunk with a certain degree of
devilish gusto.

Moses, their driver, drove up with the lorry in short order, a broad grin flashing
on his face. After Wallach broke down and smiled back at him, he let out a hearty
laugh, for he had truly been initiated into the catching team at last!

They picked up the drugged bull with anticlimactic ease and deposited their
catch at the boma. A message was waiting for Wallach to contact Nick Steele, the
senior ranger, as soon as was convenient. When Wallach arrived at Steele's office,
Steele was a tense and tight-lipped man. After inviting Wallach to sit down, he
related a chilling story.

‘A woman had been killed by a white rhino in the Biyala native location as
she was returning to her kraal with a load of firewood. The tragedy had been
witnessed by her eight-year-old daughter who ran back to the kraal for help.
To complicate matters, the poor woman had an infant strapped to her back in
the traditional Zulu fashion. Her would-be rescuers found the infant miraculously
unharmed, silent, and wide-eyed! This story took the humor out of the day's
earlier events.

In the past, the dead mother and her children had met a lone rhino on the
path to the kraal on many similar occasions, and the normally docile white rhino
had simply left the path at the appearance of the villagers. This time, however, for
some unknown reason, the rhino chose to hold its ground and flared its nostrils
and let out great chuffing and snorting sounds. The woman was still unafraid so
she picked up clods of dirt and threw them at the determined rhino.

Initially the rhino seemed baffled by this response, because it was allowed to
go on for several moments without a reaction. Finally, the rhino decided that it
had had enough and lowered its head and came straight for the woman, who

stood her ground, shouting and waving her arms until the aggravated rhino
struck.

The rhino's horn struck her in the groin with a jolting uplifting movement
— the horn passed through her body to reappear between her shoulder blades,
narrowly missing the child on her back. Only then did the older child, until then
frozen with fear, run weeping back to the kraal.

Steele related that we were now only waiting for official permission from the
Native Trust to enter the location and capture the dangerous killer rhino, He
explained to me that the Biyala were justifiably upset. However, they also seemed
to believe that the ParksBoard was responsible for the animals terrible deeds.

The head man of the kraal was very worried because most of the young
men had armed themselves with their spears and a few handmade shotguns and
disappeared into the bush. These proud people were not poachers but cattlemen.
In the past, they had been fined for permitting their cattle to graze in the game
reserve and cause damage to the veld.

To the Biyala, the parallel was simple: if they were held responsible for the
actions of their cattle, the Parks Board should be held responsible for the activity
of all of the game animals. As a result of this belief, Steele felt that there was a
serious threat to the ninety-five rhino in the various native locations as well as to
the rangers who hoped to rescue them.

Five days past before the team received permission from the Native Trust to
enter the Biyala location. In addition they were now officially sanctioned to take
in a squad of DSAP (South African Police). It took three more days to organize and
coordinate the operation. When they left the main camp they were in full-dress
Parks Board uniforms and fitted with side arms. Their Land Rover was rigged
with a field radio set on a frequency with the Mpila office and the SAP vehicles.
This was the only time they were required to carry side arms on rhino operations
during Wallach's stay with the Parks Board.

===== Screenshot (483) -- Page 422 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

They drove to the Madlozi camp, where they picked up John Tinley, the
regional ranger and his head tracker. Tinley was the Parks Board's gentle giant
he was six foot seven inches tall, soft spoken and very likeable. He was also one
of the Parks Board's best rifle shots. It was a good feeling to have Tinley's rifle
backing them up on this expedition.

The small safari of two Land Rovers and two lorries reached the police outpost
by mid-morning. The Biyala head man was there and he was shaking his head
woefully as he explained to the sergeant that the kraal’s young men were still
upset and apparently bent on seeking some form of revenge.

After a quick tea the safari left with the addition of three more Land Rovers
filled with armed SAP. On the way to the area where the woman had been killed,
the headman explained that there were more than ten white rhinos in the area
and there was no way to identify the killer rhino with any degree of certainty.

When they arrived at the kraal, they found small groups of silent women and
hushed children watching us with somber eyes. The only men in the camp were
the headman and a half dozen elders. It was readily apparent that they not only
had to be concerned for the rhino’s safety but also for their own!

A check of the bush immediately surrounding the kraal revealed the fresh
signs of many white rhino. Steaming dung piles and sharp distinct tracks in the
dust let us know that there were several rhinos of different ages in the area. The
eight day delay in getting to the scene had allowed the offending rhino’s trail
to grow cold. After a thorough look around they radioed Mpila to ask just how
many rhinos were they supposed to capture and relocate to Umfolozi under the
circumstances. The message came back that they were to catch at least one, and
failing to do this they were supposed to find an old bull and shoot it. Hopefully
this would satisfy the villagers hunger for revenge.

After loading up two darts (one for Wallach and one for Tinley), they spread
out and gingerly began a crisscross search through the dry brush. Suddenly a lone

bull was flushed from his hiding place in the dense thorn and nearly ran down
Tinley’s head tracker.

Deftly stepping aside with the grace and confidence of a matador, the ever-
alert scout allowed the bull to pass in a blind frenzy. Now they followed the
tracker for nearly a mile before he pointed to the bull's ears sticking up over some
low bush about one hundred yards away. They were downwind but the dry leaves.
on the ground prevented a silent stalk and placed the odds in the bull's favor.

The bull was quite alert to their presence and kept a constant distance of forty
yards ahead of them. On the open veld one could easily sink a forty yard shot.
However, in heavy bush it might as well be a hundred miles. A single blade of
grass could deflect the dart's flight sufficiently enough to cause a miss. They had
to get closer!

‘As they reached the base of the slope where Tinley had a vantage point he
signaled violently for Wallach to turn on his walkie-talkie, and when he complied,
Tinley radioed that he had located a cow and calf from his vantage point. He
related how the cow and calf had neatly avoided them by standing still in a heavy
screen of brush, allowing them to pass within a few yards.

They fanned out again and turned back with the dart gun cocked. Wallach
heard a snorting and crashing of brush to his right as the cow burst into an open
clearing. Just in time to stop Wallach from darting her, Tinley shouted that he had
already darted the cow. They waited a few minutes before trailing her, and then
they found her lying down in some open bush with her calf nudging her in an
effort to get her up and escape. The squealing calf was bewildered at his mother's
sudden desire to sleep in the face of eminent danger.

Wallach unloaded his dart gun, opened the dart and poured out half of the
precious M-99 as the dosage was calculated for an adult rhino. It was then a
simple matter for him to walk up to the calf and dart him from about ten yards
away. The young bull went down quickly next to its mother. After anchoring both

===== Screenshot (484) -- Page 424 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

animals to a tree with ropes, Wallach radioed the lorry crew to come up and bring
the SAP.

While the vehicles were grinding their way over the rough terrain towards
the capture team, ten old women and twenty-five chattering young children
appeared out of the brush to see and touch the rhinos the “uniforms” had “killed.”
Big John kept the women and children entertained with jokes and stories told in
fluent Zulu until the lorry arrived. The SAP squad posted themselves around the
Rhino, and their presence probably prevented any attack from the kraal’s young
men,

The first shipping crate was dropped in front of the cow. The Biyala children
closed around them with an intense curiosity as the rope was looped around the
rhino’s head, Their curiosity was brought to a greater peak when Wallach inserted
the needle containing the antidote into the cow's ear vein. Tinley described in
fluent Zulu that they were wizards and that they were going to wake up the
“dead” rhinos and take them home!

When the cow stirred to get up, a huge sigh of awe was released from the
startled women and children. As the cow was guided nimbly into the crate, a
torrent of approving laughter and applause was released by the children.

The calf was able to get up without the need for the antidote and was easily
ushered into the second box. They had plenty of help with the massive rollers that
afternoon since the older children volunteered to help lift them into position on
the tailgate.

The crates were loaded onto the lorries and they happily left the Biyala
location just as darkness was falling. The squad of SAP left them at the boundary
fence of the Umfolozi, and they were thankful that they didn’t have to come to.
blows with the Biyala as they were normally good neighbors.

As they drove straight through the Umfolozi Reserve on the main tourist road,
Mpila headquarters radioed and Steele was informed of the successful mission

in the Biyala location. He could now relax the alerted scouts and rangers. The
team crossed the Black Umfolozi River and continued north through the corridor
to Hluhluwe. The cow and calf were released to the safety of the reserve in the
darkness. They trotted off, uncertain of their new surroundings and unaware of
the drama that had taken place on behalf of their kind.

The Parks Board was determined to remain good neighbors with the
surrounding Zulus in the various locations, and to show their thanks to the Biyala
for being so patient with them, they shot six wildebeest and sent the meat to
their kraals.

The white rhinos’ seasonal migration to the south was anticipated with some
aversion by the Umfolozi field rangers. These annual marches left ruptured
boarder fences and sparked some rather colorful complaints from the subsistence
farmers in the Palumbo native location. The continuity of the Umfolozi and the
Palumbo location was broken only by a four-strand, 5/8tM inch steel cable fence.

This single barrier was erected in hopes of discouraging the rhino from
gravitating south back into the native location. To date, the fence had only
effectively acted as a boundary marker. The rhinos’ determination to reach the
low veld was so urgent that it took an animal only a few days of pushing on the
cable barrier to break through.

As if drawn by some beacon known only to them, large numbers of rhino
would find the breach and pour through. Constant fence patrols by the game
scouts of the Ogome Ranger Station were necessary to guarantee the integrity of
this barrier. Large deposits of fence posts and steel cable were placed at strategic
points were rhino had often broken through the barrier in the past.

Once an uprooted pole or broken cable was reported, it was the responsibility
of the station ranger to get his fence crew organized and repair the gap. When not
repairing fence line, these crews were kept busy clearing brush, to allow shaded

===== Screenshot (485) -- Page 426 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

and dormant grass seed to germinate, or building stone weirs in heavily eroded
areas to capture silt brought by the rains and refill the ever growing dongas.

At the request of the Palumbo district headman, Clark and Wallach were
organizing a three-day rhino catch to remove as many Mkhombe (Zulu for white
rhino) as possible from the mealie (corn) fields that belonged to several of the
kraals.

The mealies are the Zulu’s principal food crop, providing their major energy


source. This is eaten as a porridge called mealie-pop (corn meal mush). When the
water is allowed to boil completely off, the firmed-up mass, called putu, is eaten
as we would eat corn bread or grits. The heavy dietary consumption of corn by
the Zulu placed a heavy risk of developing pellagra and beriberi to their tribal
communities.

Mahao (beer) is also brewed from the mealies. It is quite acrid and takes
getting used to. But after several hours of wandering through the heat of
the open veld the beer is a most welcome refreshment. The beer is made by
fermenting a thin gruel in woven grass pots; the evaporation of water through
the pot keeps the fermented beverage pleasantly cool.

Apparently several white rhinos had decided to use the fields as a shortcut to
reach water from their grazing areas and favorite resting sites. The rhinos ate the
sprouting mealies and damaged a considerable number of mature stalks in their
passage, and their presence kept the women from working out in the fields.

‘Some years earlier a similar situation had arisen and a headman had killed a
white rhino to save the life of one of the villagers. He was so distraught at having
killed a protected royal game species that he turned his gun on himself and
took his own life. The local magistrate no doubt would have found the animal's


shooting a justifiable act.
By an actual air count, they counted some forty-two head of white rhino that

had taken up residence in the Palumbo district's mealie fields.

When possible they preferred to put rhinos that were caught outside the
reserve in the bomas or directly on a truck bound for another nearby reserve.
Tagging experiments had shown that a considerable percentage of the animals
that were returned to the reserve had wandered out again. It was unfortunate
that their bomas were full because they then had no alternative but to release the
thinos they hoped to catch back into the already burgeoning Umfolozi Reserve.

They arrived at the Ogome Ranger Station at about 10:00 A.M. and had tea
while the game scouts unloaded the team’s gear. The station consisted of a five
room “temporary house” that had become permanent, an office, a radio shack
and a series of sheds and lean-to's for the horses and their tack. John Daniels,
the resident ranger, was at present on leave in Durban. His houseboy extended
Daniels’ hospitality and took their duffle inside and set up their cots on the
in veranda.


screene

Moses and the heavy Bedford lorry eventually arrived with a single empty
thino crate and a complement of six boma laborers. They climbed in the vehicle
and the capture team headed south, through the southernmost extension of the
Umfolozi Reserve. It was a rugged, boulder-strewn area with heavy bush that
provided a perfect habitat for bush antelope such as nyala, greater kudu and
waterbuck.

After passing out of the reserve through the boarder gate, they slowly ground
a new road through the bush with the Land Rover and lorry several miles into
the location to the Palumbo general store. There they met their game scouts
and horsemen. When they arrived, they were already surrounded by a score of
chattering Zulu children, fascinated by the safety equipment and fine horses.
They took time out to discuss and share the purpose of the mission with the
children and show them the cavernous gray box into which they would hopefully
place the great mkhombe.

===== Screenshot (486) -- Page 428 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

The headman stoically stepped forward. He wore the impeccable uniform
of a British First World War cavalry officer. He was a most remarkable man
who could speak six languages fluently. He introduced himself in French and
when we acknowledged his lingual superiority, he smiled and proceeded to try
Wallach at German, Portuguese, and Afrikaans before resorting to English with a
disappointed sigh.

He shared with them that at least eight white rhino were trampling the kraal's
mealies in their daily excursions. While they talked, Wallach made up two darts
and filled them with enough to immobilize an adult rhino. The watchful village
children followed each step with great interest. Several asked to touch the “little
arrows.” One little girl tried the resiliency of the rubber plunger by chewing on it
vigorously.

Once their preparations were completed and the equipment checked, they
followed the scouts out across several freshly plowed fields. Wallach and Clark
were led to a small patch of veld between two sprouted mealie fields where two
small herds of rhinos were having a morning siesta. They were resting on the bare
earth created by the shade of a lone acacia. The dusty, well-worn loafing area was
surrounded by grass and a slight wind was angling from Wallach to the sleeping
rhinos. Clark and Wallach circled to get downwind and stalked to within twenty
yards of the largest of the two groups.

The rhinos were grunting and blowing in a relaxed fashion, completely
oblivious to our presence. They sat for a moment to catch their breath and
survey the situation. This group was consisted of four animals. A large bull lying
broadside to the left and three animals sleeping in a line facing them just off to
the right by about ten yards.

By finger drawings in the dust, it was agreed that Clark would dart the large
bull on the left and Wallach would dart the largest of the three on the right.
Wallach counted to three in a whisper, they fired their darts simultaneously.

Clark's dart struck the bull in its left shoulder and Wallach’s dart hit its mark at
the junction of the neck and shoulder of the second rhino,

The assaulted rhinos jumped up with a start and were off into the wind
immediately. The horseman followed the retreating rhino close behind, however,
Clark and Wallach were momentarily cut off from following as the upper herd cut
back diagonally down the hill with the wind. They skirted the approaching rhino
and came up upon the original group at a tree line. They found the two darted
animals lying down less than thirty yards apart in a small clearing. They chased
off the two smaller rhinos and instructed the horsemen to keep tabs on them for
later attention.

Clark went for the lorry while the headman and Wallach remained with the
immobilized animals and discussed rhino. A large group of Zulu women and
children had stepped cautiously out of the trees and were babbling in amazement
—they were continuous asking if the beasts were dead.

It was well after 1:00 P.M. by the time the lorry returned to pick up the second
animal for release into the Umfolozi Reserve. While the animal was being crated
and loaded Wallach made up two more darts for adult rhinos and then followed
the horse's tracks into a wide thicket of low acacia bush. By now the heat of the
day was at its peak and a shattering beat was coming from the “Christmas bees.”

The insects were not actually bees but were actually summer cicadas. Each
summer the male insects produce a tireless shrilling from their vibrating tymbals,
for the purpose of attracting receptive females. The tymbals are modified
membranes which they can vibrate by means of a small muscle. The sound
produced is amplified to screaming proportions by another set of membranes in
the cicada’s abdomen. Combined with the heat waves rising off of the bush veld,
the screaming insects gave an eerie background to rhino stalking through the
dense thorn on hands and knees.

===== Screenshot (487) -- Page 430 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

After an hour's tracking, Wallach and Clark spotted four rhinos fifteen yards
ahead, resting in the sparse shade afforded by several twisted acacia. In whispers,
they formulated their plans. Wallach was to remain in position while Clark circled
around to the right and downwind of the herd. After Clark signaled he was in
position, Wallach was to dart a rhino, and Clark would dart the second as the herd
passed him downwind in their attempt to escape.

At Clark's whistle, the quizzical rhino stood up and unexpectedly moved a few
steps into the bush. The cheek of a large cow presented Wallach with his only
clear shot. Wallach could barely make her head out through a small opening in
the bush about ten inches in diameter. He aimed the dart at her taut cheek and
pulled the trigger. It struck the rhino with a loud “schlup” and he feared that the
dart had struck her ear and the drug had been ejected uselessly into her ear canal.

The darted cow reversed her direction and led the other rhino in the opposite
direction of Clark, who stood up and took a chance shot that hit a tree limb.

The darted cow went down peaceably on the edge of a donga in about
ten minutes. Her nine-hundred-pound calf stayed close by, so Wallach prepared
another for it and another for a second adult animal. While he worked to prepare
the darts two bulls moved noiselessly toward the donga.

Clark darted the calf and Wallach darted one of the two half-grown bulls that
had stepped out of the bush in response to the calf's frantic calls. The bull, stung
by the dart, brushed the irritating object out of his hide as he made his way back
through the bush. Upon examining it, Wallach found that the percussion cap had
failed to go off. In the meantime the calf had followed the two retreating bulls
back into the open veld, where it went down hard on its side, throwing up a cloud
of dust. The two curious bulls turned back and hung around trying to encourage
the calf to get up and leave with them.

Wallach rammed the misfired dart back into the gun and stepped out from
the cover of the bush and darted the nearest bull as he started to trot off. At

the missile's impact, the astounded rhino stopped, whirled around to face him,
and stared. After a ten-minute wait, it was apparent that the percussion cap was
faulty, and it hadn't gone off for the second time.

Wallach moved around downwind, and went to the Land Rover that Moses
had thoughtfully brought up and quickly prepared a dart for another target. On
returning, the rhino caught Wallach’s scent and turned defiantly in his direction.
This again necessitated a wide semicircle before he could come into range
without scaring off the two bulls. Wallach crawled back into the cover of the bush
where Clark was waiting and loaded up the capture gun again.

Wallach moved forward under the bush so he could get a clear shot at the
thino’s shoulder. At sixteen yards, all he could see of the six foot tall animal from
under the brush was its feet. When he got to his knees to take a shot, the bulls
turned and ran towards him. He fired the dart into the lead animal's shoulder.

The dart hung there just momentarily before being flipped out by the violence
of the bull's mock charge. The old question of “did the animal get the drug or
didn't he?" came up again, and this was no doubt the last crack at him that day,
since it was rapidly getting dark.

Clark and Wallach waited under the bush for a long five minutes. Still the
animal stood and stared in our direction. Then he awkwardly took two goose-
steps forward, and they sighed in relief. He walked toward their bush in
exaggerated marching band steps, passing within a few yards of them while his
companion galloped in wide circles, bellowing and tossing his head.

They reluctantly watched the horsemen chase off the non-drugged bull, but,
as things were, they would do well to get three sleeping rhino out of the bush that
night without a mishap, using only the lights of the Land Rover.

When the lone lorry returned and Moses saw the three animals down, he
shook his head and volunteered a pessimistic “Whoa, whoa—this is the day we
die!—meaning that he and his crew were going to be worked to death that day.

===== Screenshot (488) -- Page 432 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

The bull was loaded first and the crew anchored the cow and her calf to a tree
with ropes. Clark took a turn at guard duty while Wallach went with Moses to
supervise the bull's release on a river bank so precious time would not be wasted
completely off-loading and reloading the crate.

When Wallach and Moses returned to the downed rhinos, it was pitch dark.
They had been without food and water for nearly fourteen hours, so in their
absence Clark had been exploring the dry stream bed for water. They found him
on his knees digging in some likely-wet sand. At a depth of one foot, black water
began to fill the cone-shaped hole. The water was cool and slightly salty, but it
was a very refreshing treat, even though they were only able to get a few ounces
each.

Clark took the cow for release while Wallach stayed back with the calf. When
the lorry and crew returned at 8:30 PM, the bull’s companion had appeared again
looking for his chum, and the calf was beginning to come around and cry out in
a plea for help. Wallach had to sit on her to keep her down while the crate was
being unloaded. She was hustled quickly into the oversized crate, the procedure
being aided by her alert state. The crew was soon heading back with the small
caravan of lorry, Rover, and horsemen—all tired but jubilant because they had set
a record of five rhino caught and moved in one day, and with only one lorry!

They arrived at Ogome at about 10:00 PM Clark and Wallach took turns having
a muddy but welcome bath. Then they raided the Daniels’ icebox, flopped into
their cots, where sleep came quickly.

Wallach and Clark were awakened at sunrise by the braying arrival of the
donkey-drawn water tank coming up the hill from the White Umfolozi River.
Each morning three hundred gallons of the brown river water were collected and
hauled to the top of the hill for the outpost. In addition to meeting the needs
of the residents of the station, the horses, donkeys, and flowers all required their
ration.

Daniels’ wife, Pat, kept herself busy by keeping a rock garden that contained
most of the local flowering succulents. While enjoying the pleasant jingling of the
donkey harness, Wallach and Clark shaved, dressed, and then cleaned the used
darts and put them to boiling while a hearty breakfast of warthog, eggs, and
potatoes was consumed.

Once again the entire safari headed south for the Palumbo. On arriving at the
store, the scouts informed Wallach and Clark that a small group of three animals
was resting up in a dense patch of bush only a quarter of a mile away. The dapper
headman waved his arms about while relating the great deeds of the previous day
to the now eager audience. Two darts were assembled with green tails for adult
thino and two with white flights for yearlings, since the trackers descriptions did
not include the rhinos’ age or size.

The darting team walked in single file down a dusty village path. At a nod from
the head tracker, Wallach and Clark veered off into the tangle of acacia thorn
with dry twigs and fallen leaves crackling underfoot. As the sun rose higher, the
constant drone of the “Christmas bees” added their shrieking to the team’s noise.
The combination of the throbbing background noise of the insects and the lights
distortion by the rising heat waves began playing on the teams now tired nerves
until they were almost hallucinating—they expected to see a rhino behind each
bush.

Eventually they found the three rhinos dozing, a large bull standing and a cow
and calf lying down. The animals were ahead and to their left, and so far were
unaware that they had been discovered. Clark was in a good position to dart the
bull, so without hesitation he took his shot.

The unexpected slap of the dart caused the bull to back into the cow. She
stood up with a start, agitated by the bull's clumsiness and bad manners. Clark
then darted her in the shoulder with the calf's dose in hopes of slowing her down.
As soon as Wallach saw the dart hit the cow he stepped forward and darted the

===== Screenshot (489) -- Page 434 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

cow with the second calf dose. However, the dart struck her at a bad angle and
glanced off of her rump and just added speed to her exit.

They cast about looking for the bull’s tracks for a few moments, but gave
up in the maze of gravel and dry leaves. They returned to the vehicles, where
Wallach filled another dart with a calf's dose of M-99. He gave Clark the adult
dart, and they set off back into the bush. After trotting a mile to the north, one
of the horsemen clattered up loudly, skidded to a stop in a cloud of dust, and
excitedly yelled to them that the bull was down. He was told to return to the
bull immediately and guard it lest the horn hunters would find him and take the
opportunity to chop his horn off while the rhino was in his helpless state.

The second horseman arrived in a lather just as the first was leaving and told
Wallach and Clark that the cow was leaning against a tree about two miles away!
The team headed for the cow first, and when they arrived they found her down
on her brisket immobilized, but not completely unconscious. The team attached a
rope to a rear leg and anchored her to a nearby tree. It was then a simple matter
to immobilize the calf as it would not leave its mothers side.

By chance, a lone bull emerged unannounced from the bush, which Wallach
handily darted. By 1:00 o'clock in the afternoon they had four rhinos down in a
reasonably small area.

The lorry crew literally had to hack roads through the tangle of twisted thorn
so the lorry could be backed up to the bull that Clark had originally darted. After
administering the M-99 antagonist it took an unusually long hour to urge him
into the crate.

While the lorry was off to drop the first animal inside the Umfolozi fence, the
cow stood up. She swayed at the end of her tether like a drunken sailor, requiring
Wallach to give her a second dose of the drug cocktail with a hand syringe. The
horsemen were sitting on their steeds and lazily watching the cow go down, and
had momentarily taken their eyes off of the calf as Wallach turned to pull the dart

out of the calf, As he did, she jumped up and caught the distracted scouts flat
footed, but the alert horses jerked them to safety just in time. The calf was given
additional drugs to settle her down and everybody smiled.

While waiting for the lorry to return, the local tribesmen had turned out in
force to watch the thino show as it unfolded. One of the grateful headmen
brought the team a pot of tea with goat’s milk and coarse sugar. The welcome
refreshment was served in an ancient set of china given to one of the chiefs
by an English queen. The visitors all sat around Wallach and Clark, laughing
and clapping while the recipients of the gifts were unceremoniously bolting the
steaming brew.

The lorry returned and the cow was leveraged into the crate. The crew
manhandled the sweating calf into the bed of the Land Rover and tied it down
with a net and heavy ropes. Shortly the cow and calf were off-loaded into the
Umfolozi, and were left to their own devices grazing aimlessly together in their
euphoric state.

When the team returned to the darting area for the last bull, they found it
impossible to locate any suitable place for a road to be cut because of a heavy
rock outcropping and several large trees. The team voted unanimously for a plan
that would walk the rhino a half mile down a dry riverbed that was handy to the
nearest road where they could have the crate already on the ground and ready.

While Moses left with the lorry to get the crate in position on the road, Wallach
and Clark took a thirty-foot long 3/8 inch hemp rope and a fifty foot 1/2 inch
nylon rope and headed back to the rhino. A loop was made in the nylon rope and
placed around the rhino’s head behind the posterior horn. The hemp rope was
tied to his left rear leg asa drag line.

The team was able to bring the blinking rhino to his feet without any antidote
since he had been down for five hours, and the drugs were by then wearing
off. With hearty shouts and vigorous slaps behind the ears, they drove him the

===== Screenshot (490) -- Page 437 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

fifteen yards to the river bed. The team had to use long limbs ripped off of trees
to leverage him down a three foot embankment into the loose sand of the dry
riverbed. He crumpled into the dry river in a heap. After recovering his legs, he
started walking in the wrong direction, so the team had to redirect him by pulling
on his tail and leg rope.

With six men pulling, and three behind acting as anchor men or prodders as
the situation required, he was moved down the river the one half mile to the
road for loading in about an hour. The roughest part was yet to come. The old
gentleman was now quickly regaining his faculties and more vigorously resisting
our guidance, and they had yet to get him back up the riverbank and into the
narrow opening of the crate.

The team hauled the lead rope through the crate and out the front center hole
and anchored it to the axel of the lorry. On signal the team prodded and worried
the bull with shouts until he lumbered up the bank under his own power and into
the sanctuary of the crate to escape his tormentors.

Before the team was able to react quickly enough to latch the rear door behind
him, and before the lorry was pulled forward to collect the slack in the head rope,
he suddenly backed up, snapping the nylon lead at the axel as though it were
fishing line, He quickly retreated, pulling the six straining Zulu laborers holding
the rope up against the front of the crate like so many grass seeds slipped off
of the stem. After a brief moment of pandemonium, Wallach and Clark collected
and organized the team enough and pushed the bellowing giant back into the
crate.

After two hard, record-breaking days, the lorry crew was now exhausted. They
fell dangerously silent, so Wallach had Moses struck up a singsong chant to start
the sullen crew into making some noise. After a few well-told jokes about their
mothers-in-law, they were soon laughing again. Wallach and Clark pitched in and
helped to pick up the heavy ends of the loading rollers, which no doubt helped to

boost their fading spirits.

The team happily let the bull lose in the reserve and made it back to the
Ogome Station, just after full darkness. After unloading their personal gear and
capture equipment, they found that Daniels and his wife Pat had returned from
their Durban holiday with her sister. Everyone traded stories and had a glorious
dinner of stuffed wildebeeste heart, mealie porridge, and beer. The talking went
on into the morning, sharing details of the capture teams record breaking two
days in the Palumbo location with particular emphasis on the places where the
thinos were released into Daniels’ Ogome area of responsibility.

Daniels’ sister-in-law wanted to go along in the morning and they agreed to
take her only after she promised to bring along water, oranges and soft drinks. At
that point the capture team retired to bed and oblivion.

While Pat and her sister cooked breakfast, Wallach cleaned and lubricated the
capture guns and cleaned, boiled darts and replaced bent dart needles. Wallach
and Clark had gotten up late and it had taken several hours to gather up and
reorganize gear and collect Daniels’ sister-in-law and the laborers so the team
arrived at the Palumbo store only after 11:30 A.M.

The impeccably uniformed headman was patiently waiting for them as usual
on the veranda of the store. He reported that his trackers had spotted three rhino
lying up where they had darted their first rhino two days earlier.

After one hour of unproductive creeping about in the bush with the infernal
“Christmas bees" screeching in their ears, they learned from one game scout that
the local teenagers had thought that rhino catching had looked like such great
fun that they had tried their rhino hunting skills and had chased the rhinos off
with their dogs.

Frustrated, the team climbed into the vehicles and started to drive to the
opposite end of the Palumbo location, hoping to head off the fleeing rhino. After
a short drive the team came upon a lone bull standing in the shade of a small

===== Screenshot (491) -- Page 439 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

thorn bush just off the track about three hundred yards ahead. Wallach signaled
for the vehicles to stop and he motioned to Moses to shut off the lorry. Clark and
Wallach both loaded and cocked their capture guns and stalked to within twenty-
five yards of the bull before he sensed their presence.

There was a large clump of brush between Wallach, Clark, and the rhino. They
flipped a coin and decided that if the bull chose to go to the right, Wallach would
take the shot and if the bull took off to the left, Clark would take the shot. After
a two minute appraisal of us the bull curled his tail over his back and took off to
the right. Wallach took the shot, hitting the trotting bull just behind the shoulder.

The bull continued on at a rapid pace, and it was obvious they would not be
able to keep up with on foot, so they opted to wait at the vehicles until the
horsemen had done their job. After an hour the first horseman on his sweating
and puffing horse, reporting that he had found the bull grazing in a clearing, but
the dart had fallen out and the bull was showing no signs of having gotten any of
the drugs.

The team was discouraged. Wallach began to set things up again to find
another animal when the second horseman showed up at a hard gallop with a
different report. He yelled that he had spotted the darted bull with the dart still
in it about four miles away (the first rider had apparently had stumbled onto yet
another animal). The horseman related that the bull was still standing and when
he had dismounted and had tried to put an anchor rope around its rear leg it had
given him a half-hearted charge.

The team jumped into the vehicles and since they knew the location of the
rhino they took a short cut. The bull had made two right hand turns to lose the
first rider!

After arriving at the described location, there was some loud confusion about
which thicket the bull had been discovered in, so the team back-tracked the horse
in order to find the rhino. They came upon the bull lying down in a patch of sparse

bush, although he did not look like a typically drugged animal as he was alertly
moving his ears to chase off flies and catch danger signals.

Wallach loaded another dart, and they approached the bull. When they got to
within an arm's reach Wallach slapped the bull on the rump. The response was
immediate and loud. The startled rhino, the dart still embedded in its shoulder,
clambered to its feet, roaring. For a moment he was confused as to which way to
run, turning first to the left and then to the right. Wallach held off darting him
because at that short range the dart would have exploded on impact and the
rhino would surely recognize the direction of his antagonist!

One game scout wanted to put Daniels's sister-in-law in safety up a dead tree
with low limbs easy for climbing, but she chose another and it was good she
did, because as the rhino bolted off, he bowled over the dead tree she had been
instructed to climb, reducing it to a heap of dust and splinters. As the bull reached
the other side of the clearing, Wallach aimed and fired his dart at the center of the
thino’s disappearing rear where he would be hit if he zigged or zagged.

The bull chose to go straight, so the dart struck him dead center right at the
base of the tail. The animal stopped in the far thicket and turned to look back into
the clearing. In about five minutes he began goose-stepping and wandered back
into the open. Wallach and Clark leaned against a tree and waited for the drugs
to take their course. After he crossed the clearing they realized that it would be
faster loading if he were headed into the clearing instead of into the bush, so with
a bit of heaving, tail pulling and grunting the bull was turned into proper position
just as he crashed heavily to the ground.

As he hit the ground, the bull's personal swarm of flies left him and tried a
sample of human blood before taking off again in search of the more favorable
environment of another rhino.

Wallach pulled out the original dart for examination and found that it had
a faulty detonator and had failed to discharge! The horseman had tried to put

===== Screenshot (492) -- Page 441 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

a rope around the leg of an exhausted, indignant, and surprised rhino and, it
was considered fortunate for the scout that he was able to ride off unscathed.
If the animal had been a black rhino, the odds were greater that he would have
been injured because black rhinos typically deliver a more aggressive and more
sustained charge than a white rhino. They continued to be impressed with the
mild nature of the white rhino.

The capture team had set two records in three days. Five rhinos had been
caught and transported in a single day with one lorry, and ten rhinos had been
caught and transported in three days with one lorry. The ten rhinos at Palumbo
safari became a legend!

The Umfolozi capture team had reached a high degree of skill and efficiency
and they could be expected to comply with any order given to save the white
rhino. It was a sad fact that there were nine hundred white rhinos in the Umfolozi
Reserve and the surrounding locations that had gravitated to the protected
zones. Moving rhinos from the locations into the Umfolozi kept the neighbors
happy, but that process didn’t relieve the population pressure that threatened the
very survival of the entire sanctuary.

The results of the annual census for the white rhino population in the
Umfolozi-Hluhluwe complex dealt the Natal Park's staff a numbing blow. Despite
the capture and transport of nearly three hundred white rhinos over a three-year
period, the population had swelled to an unprecedented total of 912 rhinos. It
was decision time. Either the excess animals had to be captured and relocated
or a cropping program had to be instituted to rapidly reduce the rhinos’ feeding
pressure on the veld before the next dry season.

The rainless days of the dry season promised to take their toll on those
animals that could not find water. Large populations of short grass-grazing
animals would stir up the shallow and fragile top soil, exposing the moist roots of
the grass to the drying winds. The roots of the grass burnt beyond salvage would

spell doom to the grassy areas of the veld when the rains finally came again. They
had only three months before this dry weather would begin again, so there was
little time to make detailed plans or gather equipment not already in supply.

Early hunters had historically reported the presence of large numbers of
white rhino in Southern Rhodesia (now Zimbabwe). However, extensive hunting
for meat, trophy horn and sport, along with land clearing for crops during
the pioneer years of South Africa, had caused the white rhino population to
disappear.

In 1962 five young boma-trained rhino had been trucked to the Kyle Dam
Game Reserve in Southern Rhodesia, nearly one thousand miles to the north of
Umfolozi. If the rhino transport had been successful and the animals had adapted
to their new homeland, then they would immediately begin to move more of the
overcrowded white rhino to Rhodesia. They eagerly called the Rhodesian Wildlife
Service to learn of the experiment’s outcome and were greatly relieved that all
five of the animals had survived and remained within the confines of the park.

The one thousand mile spread between Umfolozi and Kyle Dam would seem
to preclude the employment of the quick-catch-and-release method they had
employed to return the stray rhino from the Palumbo native location back to the
safe confines of the Umfolozi. On the other hand, the six to eight weeks it took
to boma-train each animal, would take too long to prepare one hundred rhino for
the two day drive to Kyle Dam.

By the time it took to boma-train the one hundred head of the rhino and get
them shipped out, irreversible damage to the fragile Umfolozi veld would have
already taken its toll. The situation called for a departure from the standard
procedures now practiced if any efforts were to be of any serious value.

They decided to gamble with the life of one animal to try what had been
considered a rash idea only a few months earlier. Wallach felt that the new
drug technology with the M-99 cocktail had been proven enough to produce the

===== Screenshot (493) -- Page 443 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

desired result, which was to capture a white rhino from the bush in Umfolozi
and transport it directly to Kyle Dam. Such a move would require around-the-
clock driving to keep the crate time down to twenty four hours—and that would
necessitate the tranquilization of the newly captured rhino for the entire trip!

Wallach awakened early in anticipation of the experimental translocation of
the white rhino to Kyle Dam, but to his dismay there was a heavy cloud cover
and steady drizzle. Joseus, his cook heard him rattling and grumbling about the
weather in the dark and set about building a wood fire so that he could have
hot water for a hot-water shave and tea. By 6:30 AM Wallach had breakfasted on
some cold mealie: pop and boiled warthog prepared the night before.

After shaving and packing a bag with several changes of uniforms, and his
passport, South African driver's license, and health papers, Wallach made up a
fresh bottle of M-99, as there had been a plague of sudden precipitation of the
drug after putting the powder into solution.

The team had decided to start the project with a young bull in the 3,500
pound range as the initial experimental animal. Wallach didn't want to risk
experimenting on a breeding female since there was a possibility that the animal
could perish during the operation. He prepared two darts in advance so the day
would not be lost if the shot went astray.

Wallach was met by Head Ranger Steele, John Tinley, Ken Rochort, and South
African state veterinarian from Natal at the Mpila head office. The team left
immediately in the Land Rover followed by Moses and his labor crew in the
Bedford lorry loaded with the gray rhino crate. They passed the Madlozi ranger
station and roused two men from their sleep to act as the horsemen for the
capture.

The team was still inspecting the dampened savannah at 9:30 AM for a
suitable experimental animal. Many bulls were spotted, all too old, and with
plenty of cows with suckling calves at their gray sides. It appeared for a time that

the Umfolozi Reserve was all out of 3,500 pound young males.

It was still drizzling at 10:30 AM when the proper sized animal was sighted as
part of a small herd of ten rhino. The animal was in a stand of six-foot-tall grass,
so it was necessary to dart it high on the hip. Because of the sloped anatomy of
the rhino’s hip, the dart hit and bounced away in a cloud of spray. It could not
be discerned immediately if the spray was rainwater from the rhino's skin or the
M-99 uselessly spraying from the needle after a brief contact with the animal.

The rhino briskly galloped off into the wind with the horsemen in a lathering
pursuit. Wallach followed slowly, just keeping the Land Rover within sight of the
horses so as to not drive the rhino farther than necessary.

When the caravan reached him twelve minutes later, they were sure that all
had been lost on finding the animal down on his back, its feet paddling in the
air like a capsized destroyer with its propeller still running. This position put
unnatural pressure and stresses on the rhino's circulatory system and respiratory
system if it is maintained for any length of time. They quickly rolled the animal
onto its chest and a more natural physiological posture.

The routine inspection of the animal's vital signs indicated that the bull was
a healthy specimen and was breathing normally. The state veterinarian began
his inspection while Moses maneuvered the lorry into position for the loading
process. The loading proved to be an unusually long procedure, as the animal was
down in a rather inaccessible donga with a brush-covered bank. As a result a path
had to be cleared for the lorry to get into position. Then the state veterinarian
refused to issue health papers or release the rhino for shipment to Rhodesia until
it was covered with anti-tick grease.

By noon the animal was finally in the crate and on the lorry. The young bull
probably hadn't received the full dose of drugs as a result of the glancing impact
of the dart and as a result was already standing in the crate. He was going require
additional long lasting tranquilizers.

===== Screenshot (494) -- Page 445 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

The next step was to get to the Masinda Ranger Station to fill the lorry’s tank
and pick up a trailer already loaded with supplies. At Masinda the trailer was
hitched to Rochort's Land Rover so that five-fifty gallon drums of gasoline could
be loaded. In the back of the Land Rover they put their personal suitcases, spare
parts for the lorry, tools, and ten five-gallon cans of gasoline for a total of 294
gallons, which included what was in the drums and the vehicle tanks. They had
to take their supply of gasoline as there would not be any opportunity to buy any
during the run to Kyle.

The loading at Masinda was painfully slow. Finally at 2:00 PM the safari
headed out of the reserve for the public road with Moses and Tinley in the lorry
and Wallach and Rochort in the Land Rover. It had started raining again and the
public road was ten miles of a twenty-to-thirty degree incline with a quagmire
caused by the constant passing of heavy equipment over a dirt road.

Both vehicles were churning through the mud sideways in four-wheel drive at
a snail’s pace of five miles per hour. Thirty minutes later we reached the Hlabisa
hospital settlement on the summit. Wallach waved the lorry on while they
stopped at the native store to buy a case of soft drinks to go with the food packed
for us by the women at the camp. They depended upon the caffeine in the soft
drinks to keep them awake for the next twenty-four hours!

They were soon off to catch up with the lorry, taking each muddy hill at a
slow four wheeled grind. Suddenly Wallach realized that they were going up a
hill without having to downshift to a lower gear. They stopped and looked at the
back of the Land Rover to find that the gasoline laden trailer had left them! In a
panic they wheeled around and charged back over the peak to see the overturned
trailer and the strewn gasoline drums in the depression between the last two hills.
The disrupted trailer had come loose on the downgrade and plowed a two-foot
deep furrow in the muddy road for one hundred yards until it struck a rock and
flipped over, scattering the drums. They considered it miraculous that the drums

hadn't ruptured and spilled the precious contents.

Rochort and Wallach levered the trailer back upright, attached the ball hitch
and the chains to the Land Rover and began the process of rolling the drums
back towards the trailer. They rolled the first drum against the tailgate to use as.
a fulcrum and then pried the remaining drums over it into their proper position
back in the trailer.

By this time they were drenched in sweat from their labors. The humidity
made the air around them like a transparent sea. When they had finished
reloading the trailer and had started off again, it was 3:00 PM and now time
had become their enemy. They had gone only fifty miles since the bull had been
captured, and rhino had only been kept tranquilized for four to six hours in the
historic translocation to the Kruger National Park.

Five miles down the road a rear tire went flat on the Land Rover causing
another ten-minute delay. While they changed the tire they silently went through
the time schedule, They came across the lorry at the Pongola River, pulled off the
road and were out of petrol. They pumped fuel from the fifty-gallon drum into
the lorry and used a five-gallon can to fill the rover to save time,

The crew was now driving through the Pongola Valley where ten months
earlier Wallach had worked as a Natal state veterinarian. The land was scared
with irrigation ditches forming geometric patches of sugar cane fields and citrus
orchards. The change of scenery was truly a pleasure for Wallach after nine
months in the bush. By the time they crossed into the Transvaal, the northern
most province in the Republic, the sun was down and the evening winds were
beginning to build up.

They continued to drive north through the Transvaal, and by some stroke
of luck became lost only once. They lost the correct road for thirty minutes in
the heavily forested central Transvaal. They soon found their way and continued
north, grinding up the steep grades in four-wheel drive and freewheeling down

===== Screenshot (495) -- Page 447 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

winding mountain roads to preserve precious gas supplies. The night was still
overcast and pitch black.

Ata little past midnight both vehicles were stopped to refuel. By now the five-
gallon cans were all empty and they were pumping fuel from the drums into both
vehicles with a hand pump.

At Loskop Dam National Park they needed to make a ninety-degree right
turn; however, they were going too fast on a down-hill grade and needed to
carry on for a few miles to find a safe turn around. Reaching the high plateau,
Wallach found the landscape to be similar to that of the Big Thompson Canyon in
Colorado, with winding mountain roads bisecting stark vertical landscape on one
side and a precipitous drop on the other. On a level section of road they stopped
again to refuel and checked on the dozing rhino.

Again at 2:30 AM near Grobersdal the grades began costing a considerable
amount of fuel. The rhino was lying down and resting peacefully.

At 5:15 AM in the gray morning a roster-tail of orange sparks burst up from
behind the petroleum-laden Land Rover. The trailer had come loose again and
the tongue was showering us with sparks as it ground along the pavement. They
slowed the rover, gradually using it as a brake and buffer for the careening trailer.
They decided to pump both vehicle's tanks full again and transfer as much fuel
as possible from the drums to the five gallon cans. They then had two and one
half drums of petrol left which were loaded into the bed of the rover. While the
team worked feverishly to deal with the fuel, the rhino became impatient in the
motionless crate.

The belligerent animal soon had the top boards of the crate coming loose and
was removing great pieces of the two inch lumber away from the inside of the
front door of the crate with its horn. Wallach administered an additional dose of
tranquilizer to the rhino and the trailer and the empty fuel drums were hidden in
the brush. They arranged for a mechanic at a nearby gas station in Potgietergrust

to pick up the trailer and weld safety chains on it so it could not come loose on
the return trip.

The dehydrated and exhausted rhino became depressed following the last
dose of tranquilizer and was in a deep stupor two hours later. Wallach gave the
thino a jolt of cortisone to relieve some of its physiological stress.

‘At Potgietergust, the team picked up a main highway and quickly passed
through Pietersburg and Louis Trichardt with the light from the rising sun making
the driving easier. Thirty minutes later the rhino began moving around again and
the whole team felt a great sense of relief. They hadn't come this far only to
lose an animal. They passed through Wylies Port, where they stopped to refresh
themselves. After a cold water shave and some hot tea they were all running


about laughing like school boys—they were going to make it!

They reached the Rhodesian border at high noon. The sky was clear and the
sun was already high and hot, so they parked the rhino lorry in the shade of some
trees about a half mile from the border. Above them was a British propeller driven
spotter plane monitoring all of the lorries passing through the border town of
Biet Bridge in order to track the quantity of gasoline being exported from South
Africa into Rhodesia. Parking the lorry under the trees created a great curiosity for
the pilots, who then began buzzing the little stand of bush in order to get a better
look at the hidden vehicle.

They left Moses with the vehicles and took his papers with them along to the
customs office, where they were greeted by Jeremy Anderson, who was a game
ranger from the Rhodesian Parks Department. He had formerly been a ranger
for the Natal Parks Board, so the reunion at this desolate border station was a
boisterous event.

Wallach’s American passport raised eyebrows since the United States was
backing the British economic sanctions against Rhodesia at this time. Wallach
was given a short-term visa to cover an estimated sojourn that would find him

===== Screenshot (496) -- Page 450 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

out of Rhodesia within seventy-two hours, and he had to provide them with a
detailed map of their route of travel. Aside from the political questioning the
Rhodesians were quite civil and friendly. All were interested in their unique cargo
and expedited a rapid passage through customs.

The safari pulled through the customs and the border gates at 12:30 PM and
crossed the Lipopo River to begin their final dash across the desolate Rhodesian
bushveld during the heat of the day. Seventy miles north of the border they
stopped in some shade to check the sweating rhino and took the opportunity to
stretch their legs a bit. The temperature was well over 100 degrees and the heat
caused the last of the unopened soft drink bottles to explode.

They continued the long trek up the Great North Road, passing the grotesque,
almost unreal, baobob trees and signs that warned: “Yield—Elephant Crossing!

The tarmac strip had been built during the Second World War to carry
materials from southern Africa to the North African theater. Elephants had
pushed large succulent baobob trees over on the side of the road in order to reach
the upper twigs and the water-filled chewy pulp.

As late as 1893 there were wars at “Fort Victoria” between the Rhodesians,
who were trying to stop the powerful Matabele tribesmen from capturing the
weaker Mashona tribesmen and selling them to the Arabs for slaves.

The team was met in Fort Vic by a Land Rover full of jubilant Rhodesian
rangers, including Warden Bruce Austin, Tommy Orfitt, and “Tinky” Haslam who
were going to care for the rhino after the offloading.

In another half-hour, twenty-eight hours after leaving Umfolozi, they arrived
at Lake Kyle with an exhausted but very much alive rhino!

The rangers at Kyle had several log bomas prepared so the new arrivals could

be observed and monitored for any adverse effects of the trip. The rhino crates


were hauled off of the lorry by means of a chain come-along with round poles
under the crate to act as rollers as it was pulled ever so slowly along. The bomas

contained hay and fresh cut grass plus a concrete water trough. After they opened
the crate, the hesitant rhino walked out and around the pen a few times. It drank
heavily; then it laid down with a deep sigh. The animal appeared to be as relieved
as we were to have completed the journey.

They then went to Tommy Orfitt’s house for a beer on the veranda and had the
operator ring the telegraph office to signal the official “success” telegram. It was
an extremely beautiful evening as they happily watched the Rhodesian sunset on
Lake Kyle. Their journey had come to a successful conclusion—they proved that
the White rhino could be saved!!

Safaris into Southern Rhodesia (now Zimbabwe) to deliver wild and boma-
trained white rhino to Kyle Dam Game Reserve and the Wankie National Park
became a steady stream, and Operation Rhino turned into Rhino Express, the
legend and the book.

While in Rhodesia, Wallach was invited to join in the elephant immobilization
projects designed for marking and cold branding to study elephant population
and migration dynamics. The large elephant population in Wankie National Park
was headed for a calamity because civilization and intensive agriculture were
encroaching upon them from all sides.

Historically, the annual elephant migration gave the park four months to
recover during the rainy season; however, man and his enterprises encircled the
park with claims to the ancient elephant roads resulting in the end of the
migrations. Overgrazing and heavy browsing stripped the grass veld and the bush
bare. The day of the elephant was over. Certain doom was on the horizon for the
elephant. No one wanted them since they were neither rare nor endangered, and
they were considered a destructive obstacle to progress.

The Rhodesians didn’t have the money, trained personnel, the immobilizing
equipment, drugs, or vehicles to bring Operation Elephant to fruition. Wallach
promised that he would find all that was needed to in fact bring Operation

===== Screenshot (497) -- Page 452 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Elephant to a reality, and over a period of several years he visited Rhodesia and
personally delivered Operation Elephant.

===== Screenshot (498) -- Page 453 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

CHAPTER FIFTEEN


The Center for the Biology
of Natural Systems

As Aristotle walked wondering through his great zoological garden, he
became convinced that the infinite variety of life could be arranged in a
continuous series in which each link would be almost indistinguishable from
the next. In all respects, whether in structure, or mode of life, or reproduction
and rearing, or sensation and feeling, there are minute gradations and
progressions from the lowest organisms to the highest. At the bottom of
the scale we can scarcely divide the living from the “dead”, “nature makes


so gradual a transition from the inanimate to the animate kingdom that
the boundary lines which separate them are indistinct and doubtful”; and
perhaps a degree of life exists even in the inorganic. Again, many species
cannot with certainty be called plants or animals. And as in these lower
organisms it is almost impossible at times to assign them to their proper
genus and species, so similar are they; so in every order of life the continuity
of gradations and differences is as remarkable as the diversity of functions
and forms. But in the midst of this bewildering richness of structures certain

things stand out convincingly: that life has grown steadily in complexity and
in power; that intelligence has progressed in correlation with complexity
of structure and mobility of form; that there has been an increasing
specialization of function, and a continuous centralization of physiological
control.
—Wwill Durant
The Story of Philosophy:
The Lives and Opinions of the World's Great Philosophers

In the Spring of 1966 Wallach’s mentor, Marlin Perkins, director of the St. Louis
Zoo and star of the Mutual of Omaha Wild Kingdom television show, sent a
telegram inviting Wallach to move on from the Operation Rhino project in South
Africa and return to the United States and join him in a large NIH sponsored
research project.

Perkins, along with Barry Commoner, who was an environmentalist, a former
presidential candidate for the Independent Party, and a professor and the head
of the Department of Biology at Washington University in St. Louis, Missouri, had
gotten a $7.5 million grant from the National Institutes of Health to study the
world ecology, the environment, and the impact of pollution on the plant, animal,
and human populations of the world.

The program was to combine the facilities of Washington University’s biology
department, the Shaw's Botanical Gardens in St. Louis County, and the St. Louis
Zoological Gardens into a new university department to be known as The Center
for the Biology of Natural Systems.

Wallach pondered the invitation for about a week and initially responded with
a polite thank-you but no thank-you response, which was placed on top of the

===== Screenshot (499) -- Page 455 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

mantel for mailing. A month later he realized that the letter was still there. It
hadn't been mailed!

Wallach reread the letter and then tore it up. Hadn’t he stated that “He would
do anything to work with Marlin Perkins?” When he was first hired as a kid to work
with the elephant barn in the St. Louis Zoo? Perkins had personally written the
invitation, and he was not the sort of man you could turn down, and he promised
that we would be working with a larger variety of animal species and humans!

At Perkin's direction, Wallach was appointed to the project as a post-doctoral
fellow in comparative pathology and comparative medicine at The Center for the
Biology of Natural Systems. He was given an office in the zoo hospital, a fully-
equipped and staffed pathology laboratory, and an autopsy facility with a walk-in
cooler and an electric hoist on an overhead track for lifting and moving the larger
animals. There were knives, cleavers, axes, saws, and sample bottles filled with
formaldehyde waiting to be filled. The laboratory equipped for microbiology,
parasitology, blood and tissue chemistry, and preparation of histopathological
slides had light microscopes and access to electron microscopes, photography
equipment, scales, and x-ray facilities. The facilities and tools were all-too
familiar.

Wallach’s liaisons at the zoo were Moody Lentz the General Curator, Robert
Frueh, assistant curator of mammals, Charlie Hoessle, assistant curator of reptiles
and Mike Flieg, curator of birds. Wallach’s advisor and supervisor for human
pathology and autopsies was Dr. Malcom Peterson, a human pathologist at the
Barnes Hospital, a teaching hospital at Washington University School of Medicine
just down the street from the zoo.

The elements, mechanics, and investigation of animal pathology were the
same as the elements, mechai


, and investigation of human pathology. The
skull and body cavities are opened up with knives, saws, and bone shears so that
the central nervous system and the internal organs could be viewed, weighed,

and samples taken for microbiology, parasitology, chemistry, and histopathology
examinations.

Extra effort had to be taken to prevent blood, body fluids, or urine from
splashing into one’s eyes, nose, or mouth. The human pathologist has to be
doubly careful to prevent cutting or sticking himself with an instrument or bone
splinter to avoid inoculating himself with a potentially deadly organism.

The human pathologist looks for pneumonia, trauma, ruptured aneurysms,
blood clots, perforating gastric ulcers, heart attacks, cancer, and maybe will do a
chemical or drug screen if the clinical record suggests the need or litigation might
be involved. The human pathologist limits the data in the pathology report to the
size and color of the organs, gross findings (trauma, etc.), and a “cause of death.”

The human pathologist never lists the nutritional deficiency that causes
birth defects, aneurysms, diabetes, arthritis, blood clots, heart attacks,
cancer, Alzheimer's, or even osteoporosis. As a result of this systematic
omission of critical information clinical nutrition has never advanced, Wallach’s
responsibilities included changing this huge oversight.

Twenty to thirty postdoctoral fellows were attached to the “Center” at
any given time. They were an eclectic “think-tank” of graduate students that
included botanists, biologists, environmental engineers, biochemists, computer
experts, water experts, geneticists, geologists, anthropologists, astronomers,
meteorologists, and Wallach, the comparative pathologist. To solve problems
quickly without each specialist redoing another's research that had already been
completed, each team member was obligated to learn the scientific language of
the other disciplines represented at the center. Time was too short for delays that
might be caused by semantics. After all, there was an environmental crisis in the
world and the members of the center were specifically chosen to identify and
solve the looming world problems and literally save the earth!

===== Screenshot (500) -- Page 457 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

While at the center, Wallach continued his graduate studies at Washington
University in the subjects of comparative pathology, subcellular biology,
molecular biology, the genome, biochemistry, and pollution. New tools included
the electron microscope, and Wallach could now look at cellular structures at
magnifications of 126,000 times. He could see chromosomes, the double helix,
and internal structures of the mitochondria, including inclusion bodies and the
RNA inner membranes!

Wallach was now able to see what had been postulated by the early
philosophers, Epicurius, Darwin, Mendel, Pauling, Watson and Crick, and others.

Wallach visited with Dr. Malcom Peterson, pathologist at Barnes Hospital,
Washington University two to three times weekly, respectfully gleaning through
full human autopsies, worked through the autopsy reports, the preserved tissues,
slide sets, and the chemistries from each autopsy performed at Barnes hospital
and from autopsy materials sent in from other teaching hospitals.

Dr. Peterson was particularly interested in clinical problems and the pathology
reports from nonhuman primates at the z00, so he was given a call when
any clinical procedure or autopsy was carried out on a primate. They had
many discussions regarding the identical nature of the anatomy, physiology,
biochemistry, and pathology of humans and nonhuman primates. It was agreed
that certainly we and they are brothers and sisters!

Wallach was also responsible for performing complete autopsies on all
animals that died in the St. Louis Zoo and also on frozen animals and specimens
sent in by other participating zoos. These autopsies including gross pathology,
histopathology, chemical screens for pollution, nutritional status, hair and tissue
analysis, reviewing the clinical records of each human and animal specimen, as
well as a complete recording of their diets, supplement program, and their list
of over-the-counter and prescribed pharmaceuticals. The goal was to identify
pollution and environmental problems and monitor percentages of “genetic”

diseases and nutritional deficiencies.

The command was “Find a sensitive animal or several species that could be
used as a modern day ‘Canary in the mine.” Find a species that could act
as an early warning system for an impending environmental collapse, much as
the legendary Welsh coal miners had used caged canaries to warn them of the
presence of mine gasses that could suffocate them or explode.

Wallach did complete autopsies on every snake, fish, alligator, turtle, parrot,
duck, pigeon, ostrich, kangaroo, wombat, puma, African lion, zebra, antelope,
lama, fox, wolf, pig, monkey, hippo, rhino, ape, seal, and walrus that died in the
St. Louis 200 and its sister zoos in North America. Dr. Peterson and Wallach would
then compare the causes of death in the zoo animals with similar or identical
diseases in the humans who lived and then died in close proximity to the zoo.
Initially they were only looking for deaths for which there was some relationship
to pollution.

The first revelation that Wallach was confronted with was that the
responsibility for the zoo animal's dietary supplement programs were not
controlled by any central authority. No one with any nutritional training was
responsible. If an animal or group of animals were a curator's pet project, they


got lots of attention and close scrutiny regarding its nutritional program. Animals
that weren't that exciting or part of a herd or flock might have its diet regime left
to the whim and decision of an individual animal keeper who may have had a love
for animals but only a 9th grade or high school education and certainly no serious.
training in animal nutrition,

Some animal keepers concocted homemade vitamin-mineral supplements for
their charges by grinding up pills and capsules designed as multivitamins for kids
or adult humans. Many zoo keepers ap]


1d the advice of their own personal
doctor to the animals that were in their charge; they falsely believed that their
animals could get all of their required vitamins, minerals, amino acids, and

===== Screenshot (501) -- Page 459 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

essential fatty acids by simply eating “high quality" food. As a result of this
simplistic and sloppy approach zoo animals developed all of the nutritional
deficiency diseases that can plague domestic animals, free ranging wild animals,
and humans. The nutritional health of zoo animals was a calamity that had
already happened!

Although the stated universal goal of all zoological parks was to protect and
propagate endangered species, the high rate of nutritional-deficiency diseases
Wallach found in zoos proved there was some major pieces missing in the pursuit
of that goal. Wallach saw marmosets, alligators, and shrews that died of type 2
diabetes caused by a simple mineral deficiency (lack of chromium and vanadium).
He autopsied dozens of alligators and their cousins. The cayman, a small three
foot long cousin to the alligator, had died of a global steatitis (a form of systemic
cellulite) that were the result of eating a high-oil (fish) diet where the oils had
oxidized, and which when combined with a vitamin E and selenium nutritional
deficiency had caused death.

He also autopsied hatchling ostriches and aoudads (wild African sheep) that
had died of muscular dystrophy (from a deficiency of vitamin E and selenium),
and he recorded many wild sheep, llamas, greater kudus, pheasants, and monkeys
that had died of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (a selenium deficiency). He found
pheasants, ostriches, gorillas, and squirrel monkeys that had died of ruptured
aneurysms (caused by a copper deficiency), and there were lions, wolves, foxes,
raccoons, woolly monkeys, alligators, iguanas, parrots who had reared baby
animals of all kinds that had died of the manifestations and complications of
osteoporosis such as fractures, kidney stones and cystic calculi, and nutritional
secondary hyperparathyroidism (from a calcium and magnesium deficiency).

There was severe calcified arteriosclerosis in the coronary arteries and aortas
of vegetarian species, such as pheasants, parrots, kangaroos, aoudads, antelopes,
and primates (from consumption of oxidized oils in stored grains in combination

with a magnesium deficiency and a shortage of antioxidants). Also osteoarthr


is
was a universal disease found in all species, including iguanas, ducks, flamingos,
pheasants, sheep, llamas, monkeys, rhinos, and kangaroos (caused by calcium,
magnesium, sulfur, and trace-mineral deficiencies).

Wallach saw a constant stream of congenital birth defects that could be
directly attributed to nutritional deficiencies in the mother prior to and during
her pregnancy: cerebral palsy in a llama (from a copper and zinc deficiency); spina
bifida in a monkey (from a folic acid and/or zinc deficiency); cleft palates in arctic
foxes (from a vitamin A and or a zinc deficiency); a ventricular septal heart defect
in a kangaroo (from a congenital vitamin A and or a zinc deficiency).

Diets were re-evaluated. Vitamins, minerals, and trace minerals were
calculated and adjusted for body weight to prevent disease and promote fertility
and normal full-term pregnancies with perfect young, Sometimes Wallach could
use existing commercial animal feeds, a concept that initially horrified just about
every member of the zoo’s senior staff, who would think, “These are exotic
animals. How could commercial diets for domesticated animals apply to them?”
As a base to start with there were rabbit pellets for kangaroos and wombats;
dog food for bears, foxes and wolves; laboratory monkey biscuits for marmosets,
monkeys, baboons, and apes; turkey pellets for pheasants; duck pellets for ducks,
swans, and geese; turkey pellets and horse pellets for ostriches, rhea and emu;
horse pellets for zebras, hippos, rhinos, and elephants; and sheep and cattle
pellets for antelopes, llamas, bison, and wild sheep and goats.

More complicated diets were put together from dog food designed for toy
dogs. Cat food and laboratory mouse pellets were put together for shrews,
marmosets, and iguanas. Large reptiles including snakes, alligators, and tortoises
had whole rats or fish stuffed with cat food and multivitamins according to body
weight.

===== Screenshot (502) -- Page 461 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

There were two pet projects that Perkins wanted to get started immediately
when Wallach arrived. The first was a tissue bank of frozen and preserved
tissues and organs of rare and endangered species that could provide invaluable
irreplaceable material to investigators who were studying the anatomy,
anthropology, biochemistry, genetics, and pathology of certain rare species. The
second was to figure out the cause of liver cancer in bears housed in zoos
throughout the world.


Wallach consulted with other zoos, universities, the National Science
Foundation, and the National Institutes of Health as a member of the NIH site
visit committee that approved or disapproved funding for research being done
with exotic species as the animal model.

Wallach was the founder of the Journal of Zoo Animal Medicine as a natural
progression of his research, so that other zoos would quickly benefit from newly
acquired information. He remained the journal's Editor-in-Chief for three years
until he passed on the responsibility to the other zoo veterinarians that had
more time, because his responsibilities with The Center for the Biology of Natural
Systems were growing. All involved believed that time was short.

Wallach was now living on airplanes, traveling as a featured speaker at
medical, veterinary, and university centers and zoos, as well as at nutritional
seminars. Along the way he worked for and consulted with the world's foremost
z00s, including zoos and aquariums in the Bronx, Chicago, Denver, Detroit,
Jacksonville, Kansas City, Los Angeles, Madison, Memphis, Miami, Milwaukee,
St. Louis, San Diego, Topeka, Tucson, Washington, DC, and overseas. His
responsibilities reached to London, Frankfort, Tel Aviv, New Deli, and Zurich, to
name a few.


Perkins's project about prevalent liver cancer in captive bears was the first
proactive study that Wallach immersed himself in. Why did free-ranging wild
bears live to be forty-five years of age with a nearly zero rate of cancer, and
in contrast to them almost 100% of all captive zoo bears, worldwide, died of
liver cancer by the time they were thirty years old? Liver cancer in captive bears
was not a unique problem of American zoos. This liver cancer issue was a global
problem of all zoos from all industrialized nations throughout the world!

Wallach remembered that in 1958 just about every turkey raised in America
for the annual Thanksgiving celebration died of liver cancer. It was a bad year
for soy beans, so feed manufacturers imported peanut meal from Nigeria by
the boat load to provide some of the protein needed to meet the grower's
specifications for their turkey rearing feed. It turned out that the peanut meal was
contaminated by an overgrowth of Aspergillus spp. fungi.

Aspergillus is a common bread mold. However, under certain circumstances it
produces an exotoxin called aflatoxin, which in large doses causes a sudden death
from liver necrosis (liver death). In low doses the aflatoxin produces a very specific
type of liver cancer—the same type of liver cancer that plagued the captive bear
populations in the world's zoos! Where were the captive zoo bears getting the
aflatoxin?

Wallach made phone calls and sent letters asking what were these animals
fed, what they were supplemented with, where the zoos were located in
relationship to industrial and nuclear power facilities, and what the liver cancer
rate was in the human population who lived in close proximity to the zoos.

It turns out that each year the directors and curators of all of the major zoos
of the world come together for an annual meeting to share information. Small
species of bears weigh 300 to 500 pounds; large species of bears can weigh well
over 1,000 pounds, and that is a lot of animal to feed. So zoos learned from each
other that a bear, being an omnivorous species, could be provided a lot of calories

===== Screenshot (503) -- Page 463 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

by feeding them moldy bread from bakery thrift stores. One slice of bread
provided 110 calories, a loaf of bread might contain 1,500 calories or more, and a
loaf of moldy bread cost only five cents! So around the world the message went
out—that a zoo could maintain large bears without having to break their budget
by feeding moldy bread and a few frozen fish!

While waiting for return letters from the other zoos, Wallach went to the
z00 keepers in St. Louis that cared for the bear moats and inquired about their
feeding program. As expected. it was “old bread” and some fish—the universal
recipe! Wallach ran back to the zoo hospital and grabbed the “black light,” a UV
light that would cause ring worm skin infestations and other fungi and molds to
fluoresce.

Wallach ran back to the bear grotto and asked the bear keeper to show him
where the “old bread” was stored, and he turned out the lights and flashed
the black light on the bread through the cellophane wrapper. The loaf of bread
fluoresced like a disco! The cause of the bears’ liver cancer was the aflatoxin in the


moldy bread!

The next day, within two weeks of arriving at The Center for the Biology of
Natural Systems in St. Louis, Wallach had solved the twenty-year mystery of bear
liver cancers in zoos all over the world! He switched the bears’ diets from moldy
bread to dry dog food, and the problem ended almost overnight. Letters were
sent and calls were made to the major zoos of the world. It was done! The liver


cancer plague of zoo bears had been conquered—the first of many victories to be
credited to the center!

After spending twelve-plus years performing complete autopsies on 17,500
animals of over 454 species, and 3,000 human autopsies for a comparison, the
bottom line learned was that “every animal and every human who dies of ‘natural
causes’ dies of a nutritional-deficiency disease!”

The autopsy results for man and beast were so obvious and so profound that

they screamed out the answer to the question “Is pollution a major factor in
human disease?"—which was that the current level of background environmental
pollution was not our immediate concern. Apparently our bodies had a capacity
to fend off or work around low levels of pollution.

Therefore our immediate concerns were nutritional deficiencies and the self-
destruction inflicted by eating too many fried and overcooked (burnt) foods by
the overuse of dietary oils, including margarines, salad dressings, cooking oils,
as well as the consumption of canned fish packed in oils and processed meats
preserved with nitrates and nitrites—all of which increased the daily load of
dietary trans fatty acids, heterocyclic amines, and acrylamides!

Certainly when major industrial accidents, catastrophic spills, train and
highway accidents, and acts of terrorism occur, the pollution surge that follows
can present a significant negative impact on the humans and animals in the
immediate locality, but not on the continent and not on the world.

Why Are the Earth’s Oceans Dying?

One of the concerns we at the Center were supposed to investigate was: "Why
were the oceans dying and why were the populations of plankton, fish, and other
sea creatures diminishing? Was pollution a factor?”

We started out with “Where does the ocean get its food?" The answer
was very quickly provided. Wallach, having become an expert in the areas of
agricultural nutrition and, in particular, mineral nutrition, immediately came up
with the theory that somehow the ocean's source of dietary minerals (silt) had
been reduced, and simultaneously he came up with the theory. He shouted, “The
oceans are dying because we have dammed up all of the major rivers. We have
systematically cut off the oceans food supply by putting a ligature on the flow of
silt (minerals) into the oceans!"

===== Screenshot (504) -- Page 485 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Prior to man's systematic damming of the rivers of the earth, it is estimated
that some twenty-seven billion tons of mineral-rich river sediments (silt) poured
into the oceans annually. Today, this historically massive food supply has been
reduce to a mere trickle by human intervention.

A second food supply for the oceans of the world comes from volcanic
eruptions and dust storms. Each year a cubic mile of minerals and rock dust
are blown into the air; however, this source is variable depending on each year’s
rainfall. Rainy years produce less dust and conversely drought produces more
dust.

The question, “Why are the oceans dying?" was asked and answered. However,
most of the world (including the biologist at the center) was hell-bent on solving
a problem that didn’t exist. Everyone “believed that pollution was the problem.”
The human biomass is puny compared with the oceans volume and collective
biomass because oceans, like humans, have the capacity to neutralize even what
we would consider significant pollution.

The basic functions of life itself cannot be performed without the presence
of optimal amounts of minerals, either as a major part of a functional recipe,
a structural building block, and/or a catalytic cofactor necessary to facilitate
a chemical or enzymatic reaction. No biological process is exempt. This fact


holds true for RNA, DNA, chromosomes, subcellular and digestive enzymes,
biochemical reactions, vitamin function, hormone functions, energy use, and even
our ability to utilize oxygen: nothing in a living system will work without mineral
cofactors.

We determined that minerals and mineral supplements to our meals were just
as necessary to humans as they were for pet animals, laboratory animals, farm

animals, free-ranging wild animals, and captive zoo species. These supplement
programs are a necessity for a long and healthful, disease-free life for we could
not get these nutrients from food no matter how well one ate, no matter how
spiritually elevated one was. The fact is that man needs to supplement with all of
the 90 essential nutrients and, in particular, the 60 essential minerals!

Since before recorded history, man craved and consciously consumed minerals
from various sources, including the major minerals, trace minerals, and rare
earths that also come from various sources: clay, salt, and animal tissues (such as
bones, cartilage, liver, and skin), colloidal mineral rice plant material, and wood
ashes (containing plant minerals). Simply said, minerals are the currency of life,
and the medical system ignores this truth to the point of absurdity.

The Center for the Biology of Natural Systems encouraged publication of
findings that had resulted from our studies and research. Wallach alone published
seventy-five peer-reviewed and refereed journal articles and contributed more
than fifteen chapters in eight multi-author textbooks that were the direct results
of his comparative pathology and nutritional research.

Wallach was also a member of the ad hoc committee of the National Science
Foundation that authored the Animal Welfare Act of 1968. The act, which was
quickly voted on passed by the U.S. Congress, required that a laboratory animal
veterinarian be in charge of the laboratory facility and implementing the law
to ensure proper care of the animals and the integrity of the experiment. It
also outlined the specific nutritional and housing requirements for laboratory
animals and captive zoo animals. The medical system which had ignored the basic
precepts of animal research was now aware of Wallach.

‘Animal laboratories in medical environments were notoriously abused by the
medical doctors who were the lead investigators. The animals might not be fed
or watered for days or weeks at a time, which resulted in under-dosing problems
when investigating pharmaceuticals and nutrients, and in worst cases the animals

===== Screenshot (505) -- Page 467 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

cannibalized each other while the doctors “created” data to support their theories
and the goals of the study.

As a direct result of Wallach's nutritional work at the center, many species
of rare animals including the Giant Panda that had not successfully reproduced
in captivity, were now becoming a glut on the market, and healthy zoo animal
babies of every species were appearing everywhere! A second advantage of this
turn of events was that the pressure to capture wild animals every year to replace


those zoo animals that had died every year in captivity ended! The market that
had for hundreds of years (and in some cases thousands of years) encouraged
illegal hunters and poachers to catch and sell rare animals to zoos, wild animal

parks, and traveling animal shows dried up which the indirectly contributed to the

survival of many marginal animal populations!

Another direct result of Wallach's comparative pathology and nutritional
research was that several of the leading animal-feed companies, including
Ralston Purina and Hill's Packing Company, created special commercial canned
and dry diets and feeds for zo animals and captive wild species. The immediate
payoff was that the fertility of captive zoo animals was more consistent, from the
smallest of municipal zoos to the largest and more sophisticated zoological parks.
Birth defects were eliminated, and endangered species lived longer and healthier
without the development of degenerative diseases.

===== Screenshot (506) -- Page 469 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

CHAPTER SIXTEEN


The 150-Year Update on The
Origin of Species

In the eighteen-fifties evolution was in the air. Spencer expressed the idea,
long before Darwin, in an essay on “The Development Hypothesis” (1852),
and in his Principles of Psychology (1855). In 1858 Darwin and Wallace
read their famous papers before the Linnaean Society; and in 1859 the Old
World, as the good bishops thought, crashed to pieces with the publication
of the Origin of Species. Here was no mere vague notion of evolution, of
higher species evolving somehow from lower ones; but a detailed and richly
documented theory of the actual mode and process of evolution “by means
of natural selection, or preservation of favored races in the struggle for life.”
In one decade all the world was talking about evolution. What lifted Spencer
to the crest of this wave of thought was the clarity of mind which suggested
the application of the evolution idea to every field of study, and the range of
mind which brought almost all knowledge to pay tribute to his theory.

‘As mathematics had dominated philosophy in the seventeenth century,
giving to the world Descartes, Hobbes, Spinoza, Leibnitz and Pascal; and as

psychology had written philosophy in Berkely and Hume and Condillac and
Kant; so in the nineteenth century, in Schelling and Schopenhauer, in Spencer
and Nietzsche and Bergson, biology was the background of philosophic
thought. In each case the epochal ideas were the piece-meal production of
separate men, more ore less obscure; but the ideas are attached to the men
who coordinated and clarified them, as the New World took the name of
Amerigo Vespucci because he drew a map. Herbert Spencer was the Vespucci
of the age of Darwin, and something of its Columbus too.

—Will Durant
The Story of Philosophy:
The Lives and Opinions of the World's Great Philosophers

Wallach went back to Rhodesia three times for a month each to set up and
monitor Operation Elephant. Initially adult male elephants were immobilized
and “cold branded” to determine migration routes and territories. Two foot by
one foot copper bar numbers were created and attached to two-foot long iron
handles in the classical branding iron configuration. They would pick up liquid
nitrogen at a rail head that had been delivered to out in the bush. The elephant
was selected and immobilized and then the numbered end of the “branding
iron" was placed in the ten-inch deep insulated bucket of liquid nitrogen for ten
minutes, dropping the iron’s temperature to minus 400 degrees.

After the appropriate surfaces were cleaned of dust and mud, the super-
cooled branding iron was then pressed against the front surface of the elephant’s
ear and its hip for about two minutes. The purpose of the entire procedure was
to kill the pigment cells in the elephant's skin, and the resulting “brand” would
develop in about four weeks as the pigmented skin was lost in the natural cycle
of skin maintenance. In the meantime the elephant's number was painted on the

===== Screenshot (507) -- Page 471 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

elephant’s ear, shoulder, side, and hip with a waterproof marine epoxy. To track
the elephant’s movements, tourists to Wankie National Park were given a survey
and asked to help with the project “Operation Elephant” by recording where the
elephant was spotted. Its identification number was recorded as well as what it
was doing. The public loved the participation in the project and always turned in
their surveys and observation at the gate when they exited the park.

By Wallach’s third visit to Rhodesia for the continuation and expansion of
Operation Elephant, the immobilization and branding process became so routine
that only one ranger, Jeremy Anderson, would accompany Wallach with a shot
gun just to scare off the herd if they were slow in moving away from the downed
elephant.

On one particular day the now two-man team, Wallach and Anderson,
immobilized a six-thousand-pound cow out of a small herd, branded her, and
applied the white epoxy marine paint. After about fifteen minutes of taking
measurements, blood samples, and collecting a bottle full of ticks, the antidote
was administered intravenously, and the two men walked fifty yards away,
squatted down, and waited for the cow to jump up and run back to the comfort
of her herd.

The antidote typically took effect in thirty seconds to two minutes, but on this
day thirty minutes went by. The elephant's respiration returned to normal, but
the cow just laid there giving no indication that she was remotely interested in
getting up.

Wallach crossed the fifty yards, and flipped her giant African elephant ear back
off her face (the ear had been left in the unnatural position covering the eye after
the antidote was injected into an ear vein) and into its normal position against her
neck. Immediately her dilated pupil constricted and she focused her left eye on
Wallach. She lurched up on her chest, now staring at Wallach with both eyes in a
squinted “death stare.”

Wallach now began to run backwards through the loose sand as fast as he
could, After he had covered twenty yards, the cow got to her feet, put her head
down, curled her trunk under her chin, and charged as fast as she could at
Wallach.

Suddenly there was a shotgun blast! Wallach’s uniform shirt was ripped off
and he felt like he had been shot with rock salt in his back. The enraged cow came
to a full stop, looked at her right foot, shook her foot, then turned and ran to
meet up with her herd.

Ranger Anderson had saved Wallach’s life that day by shooting the cow in the
foot with number-six bird shot—the equivalent of shooting a human in the bare
foot with a BB-gun—enough to get her attention, but not enough to severely
injure her. Wallach’s shirt had been ripped off by the shotgun blast as he was only
two yards in front of the ranger when he pulled the trigger!

While still at The Center for the Biology of Natural Systems and the St. Louis
Zo0, Wallach interacted almost daily with the zoos long-time clinical veterinarian,
Dr. Alfred Moller, who was in private practice in St. Louis and was on call
whenever the z00 needed him. Wallach had a lot of experience in large animal
immobilization and anesthesia from his Africa experience, so Dr. Moller would ask
him to do the anesthesia on the larger zoo animals whenever he needed to do any
procedure or surgery.

Opportunity to Write a “A National Treasure”

Dr. Moller was also the clinical veterinarian for Anheiser Busch's famous
Clydesdale beer-wagon team, and he began to take Wallach along to consult on
horse problems. Moller had convinced the W.B. Saunders Publishing Company
that a scientific reference book covering data of every normal physiological

===== Screenshot (508) -- Page 473 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

value and the data about disease conditions for every known animal needed
to be written. W.B. Saunders is the largest and most well-respected publisher
of medical, nursing, dental, and veterinary textbooks in the world, and it was
considered a great victory and asset to have them as the publisher of a great
book.

Originally, the book was to contain twenty-eight chapters written by twenty-
eight experts from zoos and universities. It was estimated that the project would
take five to eight years to complete. Each chapter of the book was to focus
on a specific group or classification of animals. Everything known about each
group was to be assembled in the appropriate chapter. If important data was not
available, the individual assigned to that chapter was supposed to design and
pursue the studies necessary to collect the necessary information.

The completed tome would be the equivalent of a modern day Noah's
Ark of health information, the most complete reference ever compiled on
exotic animals, both wild free-ranging individuals and captive zoo species.
All of the normal blood, urine and spinal fluid values, gestation periods,
recorded longevities, known diseases, and reported causes of death (including
bacterial, viral, parasites, degenerative diseases and nutritional requirements and
deficiency diseases), and dietary requirements would be featured in the book.
Every known anesthesia, surgical procedure, and vaccine and pharmaceutical
treatment was to be included in each of the appropriate chapters. It was going to.
be a huge undertaking.

‘As Wallach was considered to be the junior member of the project, he was
originally given the three chapters on insects (bees, fruit flies, and mealworms) so
he immediately set to work to collect information and complete his responsibility
as quickly as possible. He only knew what he had learned about the insects in
zoology and entomology in agricultural school. Undaunted, he immediately did a
library search for everything known about them. Within a month, Wallach was an

expert on the nutrition, diseases, DNA, genetics, and the life cycles of bees, fruit
flies, and meal worms. He then dutifully set about to write his assigned chapters.

In 1965 word processors and personal computers didn’t exist, so Wallach
started with the standard black Underwood upright typewriter, a ream of 81/2 by
11 white bond paper, and a bottle of “White-out.” Many paragraphs and tables
were typed, whited-out, cut, pasted, and repasted. Quarts of correction whiteout
were employed. The mechanics of writing in those days were slow and tedious,
but he was on a mission and his cup was half full, not half empty.

All of the anointed authors were invited and assembled in the Philadelphia
penthouse belonging to W. B. Saunders to officially kick off the book project,
and to give direction and deadlines to the contributing authors. The publisher
provided a project editor, Carroll Cann, who was to be assigned to guide the
project forward and keep it on the rails. Editor Cann chaired the meeting, and the
assembled would-be contributors were appropriately wined and dined and given
the VIP tour of the publishing facility.

Cann warned the assembled contributors that over the years some of the
assembled would fall short and never finish their part of the project. Some would
fall ill, some would die, some would get divorces, and some would simply quit
because of the mental fatigue related to the enormity of the book project before
it was completed. But Cann stated, “Finish it, we will!” They entire assemblage
cheered and applauded.

Six months into the project, Wallach received a call from Moller, saying that
one of the original contributors had already quit, and would Wallach please
take over the project of the chapter on fish. Saying a yes, Wallach did the
necessary literature research in various libraries. Within a month he was an expert
on the diseases, parasites, anesthesia, environmental requirements, nutritional
requirements, and the reproductive cycles of tropical fish and farmed food fish.

===== Screenshot (509) -- Page 475 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Every flat surface in Wallach's house was covered with paper, reprints, journals,
monographs, reference books, along with Wallach’s personal pathology data
from the Center for the Biology of Natural Systems and the early drafts of
chapters. Finishing his assigned chapters became an obsession that drove him day
and night seven days each week.

By then there were three small Wallachs (Jessica, Jennifer, and Steve) running
gleefully through the house negotiating the now six-foot tall stacks of paper that
had created a rat's warren-like maze.

‘Some months later, the scenario repeated itself, and Wallach was asked to
write the chapter on waterfowl. The tried and true process was again repeated.
Wallach did the research and collected what was known and published on
the normal laboratory values, diseases, parasites, nutritional requirements, and
reproduction of domestic and wild waterfowl, plus he added his own pathology
and nutritional data on waterfowl. The creation of each chapter for the book
was attacked in the same manner that course work was attacked in agricultural
school, veterinary school, and graduate school: “If the system ain't broke, don’t
fix it!”


Curing the Arctic Foxes’ “Genet irth
Defects at Chicago Brookfield Zoo

About halfway through the development and production of the book, Wallach
was offered the position of pathologist of the Brookfield Zoo in Chicago. It would
be a jump from a fifty-acre zoo with an animal population of 2,500 animals to
a 200-acre 200 with an animal population of 4,500 animals. The pay was double
at the Brookfield Zoo, and the hospital and research facilities were considerably
larger and more advanced. So with Perkins’ and the Center's blessing Wallach

accepted the position and moved his part of The Center for the Biology of Natural
Systems to Chicago.

The real factor in Wallach’s decision to move his efforts to Chicago was
the presence of five trained bottle-nosed dolphins that were displayed and
performed in the 250,000 gallon salt water tank at the Brookfield zoo. Just down
the road was the Lincoln Park Zoo (the zoo where Perkins had gotten his start
as a zoo director and a TV icon on Zoo Parade) and the Shedd Aquarium, which
displayed fresh water dolphins, a world-class fish and marine animal collection,
and a complete reference library on marine mammal and fish nutrition and
diseases.

Wallach arrived at the Brookfield Zoo to learn that the full-time clinical
veterinarian, Weaver Williamson, had been severely mauled by a large male
chimpanzee. From his first day, Wallach had to double as a clinical veterinarian as
well as the pathologist.

Wallach wasn't even totally unpacked and moved into his new hospital office
yet when he was confronted by the two PhD biologists sharing the office. They
asked, “Do you know anything about genetics?” With a knowing smile, Wallach
responded, “I know the basics of genetics; however, | wouldn't consider myself
an expert.” In reality, Wallach was quite the expert in genetics as a result of his
training in agricultural school, veterinary school, and his postdoctoral studies in
comparative medicine and comparative pathology.

‘As the conversation progressed, they shared that they were getting ready to
go to Alaska to capture several wild Arctic foxes so as to bring back “wild genes”
to introduce into their pair of Arctic foxes that had bad genes. For the last five
years in a row the zoo's captive pair of zoo-born Arctic foxes had produced five
smaller than normal litters with 100 percent fatal birth defects.

Arctic foxes typically produce litters of ten to fifteen kits. This pair bore litters
with only three to five kits. Some of the litters were born dead, and some were

===== Screenshot (510) -- Page 477 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

born alive, but some that were alive had hydrocephalus, others were born eyeless,
and some were born with devastating diaphragmatic hernias. The last litter only
had three kits and they all had cleft palates.

The biologists believed that the parent foxes were from incompatible gene
pools, and that the only way to solve the problem was to organize a major
expedition to the Arctic to catch wild Arctic foxes and introduce “wild genes” back
into the zoo's breeding pair of foxes.

After an hour of listening to the biologist's theories, Wallach knew that that
the foxes’ problems were the result of congenital nutritional deficiencies rather


than a genetic problem. Naively, Wallach finally offered, “You're in luck: your fox
problem is not a gene problem.” Looking like they had just been slapped in the
face with a decomposed fish, the two biologist fired right back, "How do you
know? You're admittedly not an expert in genetics. You've just arrived, and you
haven't even looked at the foxes, nor have you done any tests!”

Wallach’s response was, “If there was a genetic problem the birth defects in
the kits in each litter would be the same litter after litter and year after year.
In your foxes’ case, each litter had different birth defects than the other litters.
It is very obvious that the problem was a nutritional deficiency in the mother
during early pregnancy. These are congenital birth defects, not genetic defects!”
Of course, they chuckled and responded, “That's the most absurd thing we have
ever heard.”

Wallach’s next comment was to ask for the “defective” foxes to be moved
to the zoo hospital for tests and observation. After all, “They wouldn't want
these poor, pitiful, genetically-defective specimens on display, would they?” They
immediately ran out of the hospital, boxed up the foxes and brought them up the
hill to the hospital, and officially signed them over to Wallach.

Investigating the diets of the foxes, Wallach learned that their basic diet
for the last five years had been ground horse heart “sprinkled daily” with

a powdered vitamin mineral mix at the discretion of the keeper. The exact
amounts of vitamins and minerals delivered to the foxes were highly variable;
sometimes they were given too much, and sometimes they were given too little,
and sometimes they were not given any. Each day's dose depended on how the
keeper's football team fared or whether or not he had a "bad hair day.”

Wallach went to the grocery store, bought some off-the-shelf dog food
formulated for toy dogs and began to feed the pair of foxes. Four months later,
they produced a normal litter of eleven kits. Within the year, Wallach inbred the
mother to her sons, the father to a daughter, and brothers to sisters. If there was
a genetic defect and a defective gene pool, the intense inbreeding would bring it
out into the open. All of the resultant litters were healthy and normal and each
had ten to fifteen kits.

There were so many Arctic foxes from two years of inbreeding that they were
being shifted to every z00 building. The zoo curators developed a special display
of Artic foxes that featured the various color phases, and they begged Wallach
not to pull the same stunt with elephants, but the two biologists that started the
whole adventure in science said nothing.

Saving Freshwater Dolphins and Solving Nutrition-
Deficiency Diseases for Many Zoo Species

On day one of Wallach’s arrival, he received a call from the Shedd Aquarium, from
a curator who asked if he could please come over and look at a dead freshwater
dolphin. When he looked at the dolphin it was surprisingly small when compared
with the bottlenosed dolphins he dealt with at the Brookfield Zoo. As soon as
he opened the dolphin up he knew immediately what the problem was—the
animal's heart was enlarged, Instead of its being the size of a navel orange, it was

===== Screenshot (511) -- Page 479 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

the size of a basketball, and its thoracic and abdominal cavities were filled with
gallons of a clear fluid.

On questioning the aquarium staff, Wallach learned that the dolphin hadn't
felt well for months, and they had given it antibiotic capsules in some of its
food fish. Wallach learned that the aquarium procured three to five freshwater
dolphins each year for the previous ten years. By the end of the year, they had all
died, and they would get a new group each spring.

The dolphins were fed exclusively whole-frozen lake smelt, and as they were
being fed whole fish no vitamins or minerals were being added to their diets.

Wallach determined that each year the freshwater dolphins had all died of
congestive heart failure from a classic deficiency of thiamine (vitamin B,). It
turns out that the flesh of lake smelt contains an enzyme called thiaminase
that destroys all thiamine, and as there was no supplementation to replace the
loss the congestive heart failure was inevitable. It was a perfect storm for the
production of congestive heart failure.

The solution to the Shedd Aquarium’s freshwater dolphin problem was to
replace the whole-frozen lake smelt diet with another thiaminase-free whole fish,
and stuff the fish’s belly cavities with a multiple vitamin and mega doses of
vitamin B,. The aquarium followed Wallach’s recommendations and the annual
death-watch of the freshwater dolphins ended.

The work on the book continued. If there were no normal blood values
available for Siberian Ibex, a type of wild goat, Wallach would enlist the help
of the zoo's curators and catch the zoo's flock of twenty-one animals. Using his
round-up skills learned on Angus, Hereford, and shorthorn calves, Wallach caught
them one by one using a lariat. They were weighed, identified, and tagged for the
curators, and then blood samples were taken and the results added to the book's
database. An original article was produced that was published in a peer-review
journal; the data and reference was used in the book and the Brookfield Zoo got a

feather in its cap for the original study that would benefit all zoos and wild animal
parks that exhibited ibex.

The ibex adventure was repeated with Dahl sheep, havalinas, monkeys of all
types, bears, kangaroos, wallabies, pheasants, parrots, ostrich, snakes, turtles,
and even fish. Wallach felt like he was the veterinarian for Noah and the animals
on his Ark.

The autopsies continued to show the same pattern of nutritional-deficiency
diseases that Wallach had observed in the St. Louis Zoo, and which was also
evident at the Brookfield zoo, the Lincoln Park Zoo, and the Shedd Aquarium.
All animals dying of what would be considered by most to be genetic or natural
causes actually died of nutritional-deficiency diseases. For example, kidney
stones in tortoises and iguanas were universal problems. The standard zoo diets
for tortoises and iguanas were based on fruit, eggs, raw meat or fish, and lettuce
with no addition of vitamins or minerals—certainly no calcium was added.

Where did the calcium come from that was in the tortoise and iguana kidney
stones? It came from the bones of the iguana and the skeleton and shell of
the tortoise when they didn’t enough calcium in their diet and they had raging
osteoporosis! The fact that kidney stones developed as the result of too little
calcium in the diet was well documented in domestic animals, so it was easy to
find appropriate refereed references for another journal article and for the book.

By this time Wallach was on a roll. He rarely was confronted with a disease he
hadn't seen before; however, he saw lots of familiar diseases in different animal
species he hadn't seen before. Selenium deficiency, calcium deficiency, copper
deficiency, zinc deficiency, magnesium deficiency, and iodine deficiencies were
common. Vitamin and protein deficiencies were less common, although birth
defects resulting from a myriad of nutritional deficiencies were quite common.
The clinical symptoms, and the gross and the microscopic-autopsy signs, and
the biochemical fingerprints of nutritional deficiencies in snakes, fish, alligators,

===== Screenshot (512) -- Page 481 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

ostrich, wombat, yak, African lion, wolf, ibex, Dahl sheep, llama, dolphin, and
humans were the same!

The completeness and value of any theory depends on the number and
accuracy of the facts one assembles to arrive at those conclusions. Darwin, the
naturalist, arrived at his controversial theories of evolution and natural selection
while on an unprecedented five-year continuous world journey, as he was island
and continent hopping on the H.M.S. Beagle. No one before him had personally
observed the contiguous stream of facts necessary to see the truth of the concept
of natural selection.

Prior to Wallach’s nutrition and comparative pathology studies in
thousands of captive and free-ranging wild species and humans, no single
individual trained in comparative pathology and comparative medicine had
studied the degenerative diseases from so many different species of animals


from all over the world and compared the results with information on diseases
of human beings with the single directive: “find the useful life-saving common
threads.”

Wallach found the “useful life-saving common threads” and wove them
into the tight fabric of an unimpeachable truth. This truth is that every animal
and every human being that dies of natural causes and what are thought
to be genetically-transmitted diseases, dies of nutritional-deficiency diseases!
The scientific and religious communities of the time didn't embrace Darwin's
theory because they didn’t have the world vision that he had, and the medical
system didn’t accept Wallach’s truth because they didn’t have the $7.5 million
worth of training (which over time actually grew to $25 million) that he had
benefited from. Doctors and scientists in general are not stupid, and Wallach
was not any smarter than they were. They were, however, ignorant of all of
the facts and therefore they were universally unable to see the truth—it was
simply impossible for them to read or speak the language!

Work on “The Book” Escalates

Work on now what was being called “the book" continued. Wallach took a leave
of absence from the Brookfield Zoo and spent three weeks of isolation in Hawaii
entering four years of accumulated data into the book. The project was beginning
to take shape; by this time all but two chapters of the book had wound up
in Wallach’s lap. What he didn’t know from personal experience and research,
Wallach gleaned from published articles in veterinary journals, wildlife journals,
200 records, and laboratory animal journals.

The two co-authors still left in the book project were responsible for the
chapters on caged birds and reptiles. The one who was asked to write the chapter
on caged birds had a busy private practice specializing in caged birds, and he
promised the material but never completed it. The other remaining co-author was
aveterinarian and an MD who taught public health at Harvard Medical School. His
claim to fame of his knowledge of exotic animals was that he had once written an
article on “An Ameobic Infection in a Komodo Dragon.” The article wasn't exactly
about Komodo Dragon Dysentery, but you get the picture.

The MD, being extremely arrogant, wanted half of the book royalties “to lend
his name to the project,” even though he would contribute only one chapter out
of twenty eight. When the doctor threatened to quit the project if he didn’t get
fifty percent of the royalties, Carroll Cann, the project editor at W.B. Saunders
told him to “jump in the lake!” The contract he had signed only entitled him to
royalties based on his percentage of contributions to the book. Obviously Wallach
wound up with the chapters on caged birds and reptiles, and now “the book”
became an obsession.

===== Screenshot (513) -- Page 484 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS


Working with Primates at Yerkes Primate

Research Center: Proof of the Cause of Cystic
Fibrosis in Humans and Primates

After four years at the Brookfield Zoo, Wallach moved on to the Yerkes
Regional Primate Research Center in Atlanta, Georgia. The primate center was
administered by Emory University and funded by private donations and a variety
of agencies including the NIH and NASA. Physically the center was located across
the street from the Centers for Disease Control (the federal agency that tracks
human disease and deaths), a dream location for a comparative pathologist.

The researchers, that Wallach supported, used a variety of New World and
Old World monkeys, chimpanzees, gorillas, and orangutans for their studies and
research animals for projects in nutrition, pharmacology, breeding colonies, and
behavioral studies. Sometimes the animals were killed at the end of the project,
and sometimes they died from the effects of the drugs or nutritional deficiencies,
and sometimes they died of natural causes.

Wallach’s responsibility was to help the investigator to know everything
possible about their primates and their diet—and if necessary—determine the
animal's cause of death. Nutritional deficiencies in monkeys, and great apes were
of special interest because of their close relationship to humans.

The basic diet of the Yerkes primates was a complete, commercially-prepared
“monkey biscuit.” The monkey biscuits contained what was thought to be
optimum levels of vitamins, minerals, trace minerals, amino acids, and essential


fatty acids known to be required by monkeys and apes. This information had been
gathered by literally thousands of basic nutrition studies in laboratory primates.
The basic diet of monkey biscuits was supplemented with cabbage, citrus

fruit, bananas, alfalfa hay, spinach, ground meat, onions, beets, nuts, carrots,
eggs, and rolled oats, not necessarily for extra nutrition, but rather from
anthropomorphism. The keepers couldn't imagine themselves eating the same
boring biscuits for every meal, so they gave the primates these human foods for
“variety” and to keep the caged primates busy browsing. The add-on treats were
often times sprayed with salt water or a trace mineral salt block was wired to the
outside of the cage where it could be licked.

Nutritional studies in primates were done by creating special pelleted diets
that had one or more nutrients missing so as to be able to map out the various
signs, symptoms, and diseases that were produced from the deficient diet. In the
early days of zoos and primate laboratories, bone pathology such as osteomalacia
in young primates and osteoporosis in adult primates, was commonplace as their
diets were almost exclusively grains, vegetables, and fruit with little or no regard
for their need for vitamins, minerals, amino acids, and essential fatty acids. The
advent of commercial “monkey biscuits” pretty much eliminated the bone and
joint problems in modern zoos and primate colonies unless deficiency diseases
were being purposely created for research purposes.

There were as many as ten to twenty-five pathology cases per day at the
Yerkes facility. We looked for viruses, bacteria, parasites, degenerative diseases,
nutritional deficiencies, and complications of surgical interventions and side
effects of drug studies. Microscopic slides were made of all tissues and organs,
chemical analysis was performed on all blood, urine, and spinal fluids, and
samples were collected for viral, bacterial, fungal cultures, and parasite studies.

The ultimate goal at Yerkes was to find and develop an animal model for
the study of some human disease in hopes of producing a prevention or cure.
A real advantage of Yerkes proximity to the Centers for Disease Control was
the opportunity to attend their weekly pathology study programs for human
diseases. The world’s experts on these diseases provided “unknown” cases that

===== Screenshot (514) -- Page 486 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

came with histories, microscopic slides, and sometimes lab results. In many of the
cases the slides were made with standard stains, and each participant was given a
week to figure out what the disease was.

At the presentation, the attendees, including Wallach, played the game of “pin
the label on the disease.” Presenters would produce a review of the clinical history
and the pathology results, and special stains were employed for histopathological
slides to make the specific diagnosis of the unknown mystery disease. It was a
unique opportunity for Wallach to advance his knowledge of human disease and
hone his techniques on how to diagnose them.

Those pathologists who had made the correct diagnosis became all excited
and pumped. They made victory signs and performed victory dances like football
players who had scored a touchdown, claiming “I knew it, | knew it!” The rest,
dejected, would responded with, "I was going to say that but I changed my mind,”
or “it had me baffled from the beginning.” What the exercise did for everyone, of
course, was to hone their diagnostic skills, so that regardless of their exhilaration
or disappointment, all emerged winners at the end of the day. This weekly
challenge went on for several years, and at each successive meeting Wallach’s
Sherlockian deduction skills became sharper and sharper. The truth was getting
clearer. “It was elementary, my dear Watson”: When an animal or human dies of
natural causes, they die of a nutritional-deficiency disease.


Wallach Makes a Stunning Medical Discovery

Parasites were the specialty of Dr. Harold McClure, the chief pathologist at the

Yerkes Regional Primate Research Center. He was Wallach’s immediate supervisor


and he'd been at Yerkes for fifteen years. To keep things fair between two
published scientists, they had an agreement. Whoever made an unusual or
exciting discovery would be the primary author of a resulting mutual effort. That

understanding would soon be tested.

After Wallach had gotten into the swing of his responsibilities and the Yerkes
activities, Dr. McClure went on vacation for two weeks in November of 1977. That
in of itself should have been sufficient warning. Back at the University of Missouri,
when Dr. Kintner, Wallach’s pathology professor, went on vacation, the dead and
dying appeared in droves from every direction. Dr. McClure was not gone three
days when a six-month-old rhesus monkey was presented for autopsy.

On the first look, the baby rhesus had snow-white hair color instead of the
normal gray-green, and it was half the normal size for its age and suffered from
a severe anemia. It was not part of any particular experiment, but rather was
part of a breeding colony that was used to produce monkeys for NASA space
projects. Wallach checked the monkey into the system and began to go through
the standard routine. The infant monkey was weighed, measured, and identified
by its tattoo number. Blood and urine samples were collected for cultures and
biochemical analysis.


Every organ and tissue was examined for color, texture,
weight, size and location, and tissue samples were taken and preserved for
histopathology examination. Stomach and intestinal contents were collected for
cultures of bacteria and viruses and were chemically analyzed for toxins.

Anemia made the tissues and organs small and pale. The gross physical
changes of the monkey's pancreas were immediately notable, which made it
more interesting than the other internal organs. Not only was the pancreas small.
and pale—it was round and knobby in cross section instead of flat, and it was as
hard as a rock instead of having the expected normal consistency of raw chicken.

As the knife was used to cut through the pancreas, it produced a noise like
you would expect from running a knife through packed dry sand, and also the
procedure created a gritty resistance. More samples of the pancreas were taken
for microscopic examination and special stains. Twenty-four hours later the trays

===== Screenshot (515) -- Page 488 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

with the prepared and stained slides were on Wallach’s desk ready to be read. The
pancreas, liver, heart, and lungs showed changes he had never seen before.

Wallach made notes and ran to the library and had the computer pull all of
the articles that could be related in any way to such changes in animals. He
was literally swamped with hundreds of articles that described a trace-mineral
deficiency. All of the tissue changes in the monkey were compatible with a global
selenium deficiency!


The next was habit. Since the days of working with The Center for the Biology
of Natural Systems in St. Louis, Wallach would always cross reference diseases
from two points of vie


nimal pathology and human pathology. We would be
looking at the same diseases but talking in different languages!

Veterinary pathology terms for a disease were typically descriptions of the
tissue changes themselves. Human pathology terms for a disease tended to be


the name of the first person to describe and publish the observations, or they
might be related to the clinical manifestations of the disease. Wallach entered the
question of selenium deficiency into the human computer software and came up
with a big fat zero—no matter how he asked the question the answer was still a
zero. It was like not having the correct password to get into the program.

Before working at Yerkes, Wallach had unearthed all of his references and had
previously performed basic research by hand. The process was time consuming,
but very accurate and effective, so he went back to the basics he understood
and went to work. He went to the medical libraries at the Grady Memorial
teaching hospital and the CDC and began to look up all of the human diseases of
the pancreas, liver, heart, and lungs. The results, as expected, were concise and
predictable in each of the texts: cancer, emphysema, cirrhosis, pancreatitis, cystic
fibrosis, and heart failure.

Wallach scanned through a dozen different texts before he just thought of
giving up. He was frustrated and tired of seeing the same short paragraph written

almost word for word in every text under the bold heading “cystic fibrosis of the
pancreas." The text went on to describe it as “the most common genetic disease,
the genes for which were found in one out of four Americans.” According to the
literature, this disease was transmitted by a “simple Mendelian genetic defect.”
The child born with cystic fibrosis failed to thrive and produced a positive "sweat
test,” a test the reference books referred to as a “genetic marker.” If the child
survived for a few years they would typically develop lung disease, and they
usually died before the age of twelve.

Within the veterinary literature, the remarks describing cystic fibrosis were
terse and taken from the same exact medical reference source that said “cystic
fibrosis did not occur in animals and that an animal model did not yet exist.”
Wallach’s investigation began to pick up speed and intensity—he smelled blood!
He knew he had a winner, and that at the very least he had found an
animal model. However, deep in his heart he knew he had stumbled onto the
first recorded non-human case of cystic fibrosis in an animal—and not too
surprisingly, the animal was a primate.

Wallach asked the computer for every reference on cystic fibrosis and received
thousands of articles and book references. There were photographs of whole
organs and photomicrographs of the specific diagnostic features of the cellular
changes of cystic fibrosis in the pancreas, liver, and heart. And then there were
the typical terminal changes in the lungs of the children. The changes in all of
the organs and tissues of the rhesus monkey were identical to the cystic fibrosis,
changes in humans—in fact they were dead ringers!

The next logical step was to take a deep breath, sit down quietly, and go
through sets of information and log the matches to cross match the microscopic
features and tissue chemistry of cystic fibrosis against the


oscopic features
and tissue chemistry of a laboratory induced selenium deficiency. Houston, we
have a match—Bingo!

===== Screenshot (516) -- Page 490 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS


Time stood still; Wallach had no idea how long he had been there. All he could
remember was being so immersed in what he was doing that an express train
could have passed two feet away from him and through the library at eighty miles
per hour and he would not have noticed. He just sat there, his mind racing crazily,
papers and slides all around him with some on the table, some on the floor, and
they all added up to the same conclusion: the rhesus monkey did in fact have
a selenium deficiency and did in fact have cystic fibrosis—they were the same
disease!

Great moments in which scientific truths are first uncovered and recognized
are difficult to describe for two reasons. First they occur so rarely that few
get much practice at such lonely but certainly exciting events. Secondly, it is
not always possible to isolate the precise moment of discovery when the mind
achieves lucidity, the “eureka” or the “ah-ha” moment! Sometimes, discovery just
flows gradually like water filling a tank. Other times discovery strikes suddenly
but still takes a while to assume coherence and blossom into awareness, making
the precise moment of realization tricky to define.

The more he looked, the more Wallach saw the same pattern—congenital and
neonatal selenium deficiency in animals equaled cystic fibrosis in humans. Now
he had a great dilemma: what to do. First he had to pinch himself to make sure he
hadn't made a mistake out of eagerness, and go through the whole thing again
and again just to make sure.

It didn’t take long for Wallach to realize that his biggest problem would be
to prove the accuracy of his discovery to the holders of the genetic theory. After
all, their entire life and future was vested in cystic fibrosis being genetic. What
would be the most successful approach to engage and convince people who were
considered experts in the clinical, pathology, chemistry, and “genetics” of cystic
fibrosis that there was now an answer that could totally prevent and save many
thousands of children who were currently suffering from cystic fibrosis. How

could he get them to grasp that cystic fibrosis was a congenital deficiency of
selenium and not a genetic disease? How could Wallach get them to listen and
not tersely respond with, “No, that is not possible, everyone knows that cystic
fibrosis is a genetic disease that is only found in humans” before he got five words
out of his mouth? His first major hurdle would be to get a serious hearing in front
of informed but objective listeners who had no axe to grind.

Keeping a low profile and feigning ignorance, Wallach made quiet, discrete
inquiries. He contacted the surgical pathology board at the Grady Memorial
Hospital, the teaching hospital for Emory University. He told them that he wanted
to present a set of slides to them with the tissues from a six-month-old, anemic,
failure to thrive infant. Wallach didn't dare mention the word monkey.

Dressed in surgical scrubs and armed with the appropriate slides of the
pancreas in question in the generic unlabeled cardboard slide holder, Wallach
presented himself at the appointed hour to the board's conference room the
following day. He had twelve sets and made sure that the slides presented all had
the classical identifying features of cystic fibrosis, which he hoped would save
time and avoid the types of debate that he had witnessed at the CDC Thursday
night sessions.

The twelve members of the surgical pathology board view frozen slides
collected during surgery and determine whether the pancreas, lung, breast,
prostate, colon, testicle, etc. is cancerous—"Yes, that’s cancerous, take it out” or
“No, the tissue is non-malignant.” Wallach asked the board if they would please
keep their findings confidential, and they agreed. Wallach handed the twelve sets
of slides over to the head of the committee. Eleven out of twelve wrote their

opinions on a small form, and they all agreed, “Cancer of an unknown ori


Wallach was dumbstruck! These expert pathologist should have at least gotten
the tissue identified, as he had made doubly sure that each slide had an Islet of

===== Screenshot (517) -- Page 492 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Langerhans, the identifying feature of a pancreas, the cells in the pancreas that


produce insuli

The last of the twelve pathologist sat quietly pondering for a moment (he
had recognized Wallach from the Thursday night CDC pathology meetings), then
he offered, “I think | know what you're getting at! You think this is cystic
fibrosis don’t you?" Wallach, now excited, nodded his head in the affirmative. The
pathologist asked if the tissue was animal or human, and Wallach reminded them
that they had agreed on confidentiality. After they all reaffirmed their agreement,
Wallach then revealed that in fact the tissues were those of an infant rhesus
monkey that he believed had cystic fibrosis.

The sympathetic pathologist pulled a pathology book off of a shelf and
flipped through it to the section on cystic fibrosis. There were only five or six
paragraphs under the heading of cystic fibrosis that ended with, "No animal
model is known.” The pathology committee all agreed that Wallach was going to
have a hard row to hoe to get confirmation of the diagnosis by the appropriate
people. Wallach replied, “There has to be a first someday, and | believe this is
it.” The helpful pathologist replied by telling him that, “There is a cystic fibrosis
expert, Dr. Victor Nasar, in the pediatric department here at Grady who has the
capacity and ability to confirm your suspicion. If you like, I'll send a set of your
slides down to him.”

The slides were delivered as promised, and the next day Wallach received the
call, “Dr. Wallach, this is Dr. Nasar. | had a good look at those slides that you sent
me yesterday.” Naturally Wallach asked what he thought. “Oh, no doubt about it!
Cystic fibrosis if | ever saw it!” Wallach responded with, “Are you sure?”

Dr. Nasar came back with, “Absolutely positive.” When Wallach asked, “would
he put that in writing, he responded, “Absolutely! And seeing as your just learning
about cystic fibrosis I'l bring over a lot of CF material that | have here: slides, wet
tissue, current journal articles, that sort of thing so you can have a look, say about

noon?" Wallach replied, “Noon it is—and please don’t forget your confirmation
letter.”

Dr. Nasar arrived at the appointed hour, and Wallach had to fight his emotions
to stay calm. As soon as Wallach had Dr. Nasar's letter in his hand he read it even
before the pleasantries of saying hello. They sat down at the microscope and
Nasar looked at the lungs, liver, heart, and more slides of the pancreas. He was
obviously curious and then asked Wallach, a veterinarian, where he had gotten
the CF tissues; he wondered how a veterinary pathologist had gotten ahold of
human cystic fibrosis tissue for an evaluation.

‘Again Wallach asked for confidentiality, which Nasar agreed to, before Wallach
revealed the staggering truth. “Dr. Nasar, you're looking at the first non-human
case of cystic fibrosis.” Probably not too many people have heard the expression,
“A stunned mullet.” The mullet is not a very excitable or exciting fish to begin
with. A mullet that has been thumped on the head is pretty dull. Dr. Nasar’s first
reaction was to lean back in his chair, with his mouth open and beads of sweat
beginning to breakout on his forehead, and it seemed like forever before he
spoke.

“You're kidding me?" Dr. Nasar blurted out with a gasp. Wallach assured him
that he was dead serious and that he had done his due diligence. He said, “Here
let me see those slides again!”

Wallach had Nasar's letter of confirmation in his hand and he was now under
extreme pressure. Even with the revelation that the tissues were those of a rhesus
monkey, the second look resulted in the same conclusion: cystic fibrosis. Tissue
doesn't lie, Tissue doesn’t have a political agenda. “There's no doubt about it!”
he confirmed, “Nothing else in the world looks like cystic fibrosis! This is cystic
fibrosis! Ill stake my career, my life on it!” Then his tone changed, he looked into
Wallach’s eyes and asked, “What animal is it?” Then when Wallach revealed that

===== Screenshot (518) -- Page 494 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

it was the tissues of a rhesus monkey. "Man! You've just identified the first non-
human case of cystic fibrosis! This is exciting! Where is your phone?"

Wallach asked whom they were calling and Nasar responded, “The Cystic
Fibrosis Foundation! It’s just down the street!” The next day the Yerkes lab was
crawling with CF experts from the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation. They even called
the executive director who was fishing in Canada. He cut his vacation short and
he was on his way back. They all marveled at the miracle beneath the lenses.
They never asked the ultimate question, so Wallach never offered the answer. The
experts were all unanimous in their opinion: “the tissues they looked at were in
fact classical examples of cystic fibrosis!”

To make sure, the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation sent a set of the monkey
tissue slides to Dr. E.H. Oppenheimer, considered the world’s expert on cystic
fibrosis pathology at Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine in Baltimore,
Maryland, For good measure a second set was sent to Dr. J.R. Esterly, one of her
former pathology PhD students, who was now a pathologist at the Chicago Lying-
in Hospital. Not a word was mentioned that the origin of the tissue was a rhesus
monkey. The only information sent with the tissue was that the material was
from," a six-month-old, anemic, failure to thrive infant,” and a note that said, “We
think these tissues are cystic fibrosis, what do you think?”

As sure as God made little green apples, the proclamation from on high
“Without a doubt—cystic fibrosis!” It was all there in black and white on


was:


their department letterhead. The world’s experts had reviewed the slides and
confirmed that the tissues were without a doubt cystic fibrosis. Wallach reread
the communications looking for any hint of waffling or weakness, but there
was none. The journey had begun. The authorities had agreed and signed their
agreement with the diagnosis .


History had just been made; however, as of yet the knowledge of “the
Discovery” was confined to a few people. It was a totally strange, surreal situation

for Wallach and still fraught with danger . . . what should have been the high


energy locker-room fanfare, the high-fiving and press-release hysteria was in
reality a muffled acknowledgment. This demeanor signaled to Wallach that there
were still more hurdles and that the process was still in the beginning stages. He
could not appear to be moving too fast, ruffle feathers, or seem too cocky. Great
egos of professors of state, national, and international fame were involved, and
everyone was already positioning themselves.

It was as if Wallach had started at the end rather than at the beginning, In
reality all he had was a naked fact. He had identified the first non-human case of
cystic fibrosis; however, it stood in total isolation. Wallach was carrying a piece of
dynamite around in his head. He dared not move too fast, drop it, or allow it to
pass into the wrong hands, at least until he was ready. That was the key, not until
he was ready. There was no accompanying information, no documented history,
no source of reference, not anything. Before Wallach moved forward he would
have to fill in all of the blanks.

Why did this particular monkey get cystic fibrosis? That was the million-dollar
question that no one had asked. Everybody "knew" that cystic fibrosis was a
genetic disease and classically only described in humans. How then did a non-
human primate “develop” cystic fibrosis? Where did the monkey come from? How
did it get to Yerkes? Wallach didn’t have far to travel. The monkey had been part
of a group of virus-free laboratory raised rhesus monkeys being raised for the
NASA space program. Dr. Nelly Golarz de Bourne, a behaviorist, was supervising
the colony. She was also the wife of Dr. Geoffrey H. Bourne, an anatomist and the
director of the Yerkes Primate Center.

There were fifteen pairs of adult rhesus monkeys kept in small cages. The idea
was to have a steady supply of normal, virus-free, captive-reared rhesus monkeys
for the space program. When the babies reached six months of age they were
weaned from their mother and raised in a large gang cage with other “teen-

===== Screenshot (519) -- Page 496 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

aged" monkeys. When they reached maturity they would be paired up to produce
additional captive-reared, virus-free normal monkeys.

The ideal was rarely achieved in a primate colony. In addition to having the
advantage of being able to demand sexual favors in the confines of a small cage,
the males pulled the hair off of the females, gnawed on them, beat them up, and
generally inflicted mayhem upon them. In the wild setting there would typically
a troop of ten to fifty females and six or so males of different ages and levels of
dominance. In the wild setting only the dominant males were allowed to breed
the females, and if the female wanted to resist she could object to the males
advances and escape the unwanted courtship. In the tight cage, containing only a
pair put together by an arranged marriage was another matter.

Dr. Nelly de Bourne noted the hair loss and baldness of the females. She
misinterpreted the phenomenon as an essential fatty-acid deficiency and decided
that each of the monkeys should be given the daily dose of one teaspoon of corn
oil in addition to their standard free-choice monkey biscuits. Why, she should


have asked, if they were all on the same diet, did the males sport a grand hair coat
and mane while the females looked ratty and bald? Shouldn't the same deficiency
of essential fatty acids afflict both the males and the females? There was no
questioning her actions here, but Nelly was the director's wife and whatever she
said was law.

The new directive gave the animal technicians who fed and cared for the
colony a major increase in responsibility. Overloaded already, there was no way
that these technicians could have implemented this new policy. There was no
way they could go from cage to cage, squeezing each monkey's mouth open to
deliver a measured dose of corn oil into the mouth of a resisting, squirming adult
monkey. It sounds simple enough to just manhandle the monkeys or train them
and just get it done. However, in reality, to implement this new policy would
require many hours of effort added to the technician's rounds each day, increase

the risk of bites, and would create the extra mess of cleaning up the oil the
monkeys would sling everywhere, and the process amounted to trying to “force
feed” a gang of angry, super-strength teen-agers with ADHD and long teeth!
They'd rather spit the corn oil in your face than swallow it!

Necessity being the mother of invention, the colony technicians came up with
the idea of filling five-gallon buckets half full of corn oil, and then packing the
bucket full to the top with monkey biscuits and then leaving them to soak up
the oil overnight. The next morning each monkey was first fed several of the oil
soaked biscuits, each biscuit like a handful of buttered popcorn, before they were
given the remainder of the days ration.

Several problems were immediately created. The more biscuits the monkey ate
the more the oil they got. Number two, the extra oil threw the nutrient balance
of the commercially prepared ration completely off. In this case, corn oil was

notorious for increasing the need for selenium. Even if there was selenium in the


pellets, the added oil created a relative deficiency. It never crossed anyone's mind
to increase the selenium level of the diet to compensate for the addition of the
extra corn oil. As a result, the pregnant females were all selenium deficient, which
then affected the developing embryos. Likewise, the lactating females were
selenium deficient and passed on selenium deficient milk to the infant monkeys.

At this point Wallach went back into the colony and examined the rest of
them, The hair of the adults and infants had lost the normal gray-green color and


the babies were universally small for their age and were anemi

Wallach applied for and got permission to gather liver and pancreatic biopsies
from several of the worst-looking infants. Again, the classic changes for cystic
fibrosis were there for all to see; However, he said nothing, and nobody asked.
The time was not right yet. As a matter of standard practice, blood samples
were collected from all of the Yerkes monkeys and apes on a monthly basis,
and identified and saved in a freezer in case they were needed at a later date.

===== Screenshot (520) -- Page 499 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Wallach requested that the blood of the of the CF monkey's parents and the
infants themselves be tested for selenium levels and to look for deficiency states.
Bingo! It was a heady moment, but still Wallach could not share the information
with anyone. Swollen scientific egos at a national and international level were
involved, and it could mean danger if they moved to discredit Wallach’s work at
this early stage.

Nevertheless, it was now generally recognized that Dr. Joel D. Wallach,
veterinary pathologist at the Yerkes Regional Primate Research Center, Emory
University of Atlanta, Georgia, had discovered the first non-human case of cystic
fibrosis.

The new darling of the primate center, Wallach was an overnight celebrity.
He presented a featured paper at an international pathology conference held
in Atlanta. Emory University put out a major news release, and the story was


featured on the front section of the Sunday edition of the Atlanta Constitution
Journal, Wallach initiated the process of writing a major scientific paper on the
cystic fibrosis monkey.

To top things off, Wallach was given a $1,000 per year wage increase and
received letters of congratulations and commendation. NASA was excited that
one of their low-budget projects had produced a major scientific breakthrough
in human health research. Mail poured into Yerkes, and there were the requests
for radio and television interviews. Reporters from journals, magazines, tabloids,
radio stations, and television networks called in for “the story.”

The National Institutes of Health began to show serious interest as they were
being besieged with inquiries. Wallach was notified that that they were going to
host an animal model workshop (May 25-26, 1978) at the main NIH campus in
Bethesda, Maryland, and they wanted him to be one of the featured speakers.
Wallach was supposed to present the cystic fibrosis case so others could be on the
lookout for similar monkeys.

Wallach accepted the invitation and was promptly sent his air tickets, hotel
reservations, and a $500 stipend for expenses. The NIH also requested a brief
abstract for inclusion into the printed program proceedings. Wallach began the
task of compiling the abstract that would formally introduce his cystic fibrosis
monkey to the national and international scientific world. Over the years, Wallach
had done this sort of thing literally hundreds of times. He had submitted
abstracts and had given similar presentations to his scientific colleagues,
including physicians, veterinarians, and PhDs, so the task was neither foreign nor
formidable. It appeared that the time had come to “show his hand.” After all, they


had essentially asked the question: “Please, will you tell us!”

Wallach had done his due diligence. He had made the diagnosis and had it
confirmed by the world’s experts, he had backtracked and had identified the
environmental and causative factors and deficiencies, and he could repeat the
process. He could in fact create an unlimited supply of laboratory animal models
for the study of and elimination of cystic fibrosis!

Wallach felt as if the concept of The Center for the Biology of Natural Systems
had produced a result far beyond anyone's hopes and dreams!

Wallach viewed these events as a “twofer,” one hurrah for The Center for
the Biology of Natural Systems and the second for the Yerkes Regional Primate
Research Center. Wallach enclosed the appropriate photomicrographs of the CF
monkey tissues for the printed program, put the abstract into the envelope,
sealed it, addressed it, stamped it, and sent it. He then went about his daily
responsibilities and never gave the matter a second thought.

Shortly thereafter, Dr. McClure returned from his vacation. It was immediately
obvious that instead of being excited about the cystic fibrosis discovery, catching
the “CF fever,” and asking what he could do to support the new and wondrous
project, he was miffed that the cystic fibrosis discovery had occurred while he was
off on vacation.

===== Screenshot (521) -- Page 501 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Of course, by his own rules that McClure had dictated to Wallach upon his
arrival, he would be, without question, the second investigator of any studies
generated by the project and second author of any publications. He had spent
fifteen years in the trenches looking through monkey intestines for parasites
(worms), and the new guy on the block uncovered the biggest discovery ever at
Yerkes—the cause, prevention, and cure of cystic fibrosis!

McClure was not a happy camper. In the hallway his jaw muscles were clenched
and worked overtime, and he ground his teeth loudly whenever they passed each
other. His office door was closed, a completely new behavior. It was now obvious
to Wallach that there was going to be “Big trouble in River City,” trouble with a
capital T—little did he realize how much trouble!

At the same time, Wallach's wife Josephine had died from “complications of
the use of a new form of chemotherapy for Hodgkin's Disease that was marketed
as being free of negative side effects.” Wallach was now a widower with four
small children ages one and a half years to eight years of age.

Forces of Ignorance and Corruption Throw


Wallach’s Life and Career Into Turm

Less than two weeks later, a terse-sounding Dr. Geoffrey Bourne summoned
Wallach to his office. A week earlier, Wallach was making history. Now, inside
Dr. Bourne's office, with Bourne's face as red as a tomato and with neck and
forehead veins bulging, he blurted out: “You're fired!" Flabbergasted, Wallach
responded with, “What do you mean I'm fired? I haven't stolen anything. | haven't
done anything wrong!” Dr. Bourne angrily responded, “You listen here, Wallach!
Everyone knows you can’t create cystic fibrosis—it’s a genetic disease.”

Wallach quickly responded, “Dr. Bourne, | didn’t say that | could create cystic

fibrosis. If you read the abstract that I have sent to the NIH, | only stated that |
could create animal models for the study of cystic fibrosis. | was very careful to
make that point clear. All animals for the study of genetic diseases are created by
by
a committee of appropriate scholars, much like a PhD candidate submits to, to
defend his research.”


one manner or another. | would like to request a critical review of my mate

Bourne retorted, “Don’t you understand, Wallach, they won't allow me to let
you say that cystic fibrosis could be ‘created’! All of the world's experts have
built their careers and their lives on cystic fibrosis being a classic genetically-
transmitted disease! They won't hear of some young upstart coming along and
jamming it down their throats that cystic fibrosis could be created! It’s out of the
question! There is no way that | can keep you, Wallach! You're gone!”

Recovering sufficiently to speak, Wallach added, “With all due respect, Dr.
Bourne, when | say that | can create an animal model for the advanced study of
cystic fibrosis, | mean it! | can do it! That's the truth!”

Then Bourne blurted out, “The truth doesn’t matter! No buts, Wallach! You're
fired, and that's final!”

To add insult to injury, Dr. Bourne called in two armed security guards to
have Wallach escorted from the building immediately to prevent Wallach from
gathering up all of his cystic fibrosis material. However, he decided he was not
going to leave without


He told the guards, "Look you guys, | have to get my
books, I'll meet you at the door.” Wallach went first to his office and then to the
lab and put all of his cystic fibrosis records, pertinent references, glass slides with
the original CF tissue, and the 2x2 presentation transparencies into the bottom
of a large box and covered them with his personal books. The guards dutifully
checked through some of the books at the exit door, but when they saw Wallach’s
personal stamp on the inside cover of each book, they waved him out the door.

===== Screenshot (522) -- Page 503 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Wallach left Yerkes forever, with a box full of books and the cystic fibrosis
material clutched in his arms. He had lost a battle with the forces of ignorance
and ego, but he swore that the war over the cause of cystic fibrosis was not over
yet!

That day, Wallach swore a silent oath to himself: “They won't win. | won't let
them! | simply won't let them!” Wallach had the materials he needed to “fire a
shot across their bow." Although the National Institute of Health invitation had
been withdrawn, he set to work writing a paper on cystic fibrosis before they
wrote it using his data. He had to beat them to the punch. Throwing all caution to.
the wind at this point, Wallach decided to bring up all his findings into the open
in the form of a scientific paper—a monograph—the sort of thing that Darwin,
Mendel, Pasteur, and Lind had done. Why not Wallach!

Wallach added a summary of his entire thoughts on cystic fibrosis into the
work. He entitled the monograph The Pathogenesis and Etiology of Cystic Fibrosis.
To be sure, it was bold if not brash to claim that he knew “the” cause of cystic
fibrosis. In the face of a calcified scientific community unwilling to hear the
truth, this was no time for equivocation, a weak heart, or timidity! Wallach felt
obligated to make sure that the truth that CF could be prevented and cured got
out to the families of cystic fibrosis children. He also felt he must also do it for the
memory of his late wife, who had known about the discovery before her passing.
(Even as she was dying she supported his effort to get the truth about cystic
fibrosis out to the public. Her last words were “Don’t let them win!"”).

Wallach dotted his “I's” crossed his “T's” and added one hundred
unimpeachable key references and the telling photomicrographs to complete and


support the premise of the monograph. He attached copies of the confirming
letters by Nasar, Oppenheimer, and Esterly on their letterhead that they had
confirmed Wallach’s diagnosis of cystic fibrosis, and then he had one hundred
copies of the entire package printed and copyrighted.

A day before the NIH Animal Model Conference convened, Wallach flew
from Atlanta to Baltimore, Maryland. He checked into a hotel and read the CF
monograph twenty times so he could give the presentation in his sleep. The next
morning, he took a cab to the NIH campus and arrived at the animal model
conference an hour early, taking a position at the entrance of the seminar hall
where he had originally been invited to speak.

The attendees passing through the great NIH portals were each given a copy
of the monograph and a smile. It wasn’t long before the chairman of the animal
model seminar came outside and grabbed Wallach by the arm, “For God's sake,
Wallach, what are you doing? We can't have you passing out unsanctioned papers.
You'll simply have to leave!”

Wallach responded with, “Well, | guess you have a problem. It's a free country,
isn't it?” “Dammit, Wallach, you don’t understand! You're disrupting the whole
conference!” Demanding to be arrested or allowed to speak, Wallach kept passing
out the papers, and the NIH chairman responded with, “I will have you arrested,
dammit!” Then he disappeared into the meeting.

Their problem was that they had printed the title and the abstract of the
cystic fibrosis paper and Wallach’s name in the early announcements of the
animal model meeting, and many of the attendees had come specifically to
hear Wallach’s presentation. The NIH finally capitulated. "Okay! Wallach, listen
here!” Wallach listened. “We're going to give you fifteen minutes to make your
presentation. After that, we never want to see your face again! Is that clear,
Wallach?”

That was all that Wallach needed. He presented the cystic fibrosis paper,
showed his slides, and saved five minutes for questions. He left the podium with
loud applause ringing in his ears. On one hand, revenge was sweet. On the other
hand, Wallach learned all too quickly though that the immediate victory would
only last a fleeting moment.

===== Screenshot (523) -- Page 505 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Wallach had given a brief, but stunning presentation and felt vindicated, but
he knew he had stepped on some pretty serious toes—maybe, even some land-
mines! There were bound to be some serious repercussions. Naively believing that
the truth would prevail, Wallach underestimated the viciousness he would quickly
encounter.

NIH was not amused by Wallach’s behavior. In fact it was the first time in
their twenty-five years that the proceedings of an NIH-sponsored conference was
not published. The proceedings of the 1978 conference are still missing from
the written history of the NIH. In their spiteful move to kill the publication
of Wallach’s paper, the NIH had, unfortunately, also doomed the papers of the
other presenters. The publication of many world experts’ papers were derailed for
1978. Many scientists were outraged by the NIH decision. But the spite didn’t end
there.

From the moment that Wallach appeared on the NIH steps he was on the
“hit list.” He didn’t realize it at first, but his career in basic research was over. He
attended veterinary pathology seminars looking for job announcements. He had
four little kids to feed. He visited veterinary schools and medical schools applying
for jobs as a service pathologist. He wasn’t greedy—he just needed to go back to.
work. Wallach soon learned that his work and his life would take on a whole new
direction.

Jobless and widowed, Wallach packed up his kids and moved back to Missouri,
where he worked for his father loading trucks so he could feed his kids and
pay bills. Wallach applied for the laboratory colony directorship at the St. Louis
University, and again with Marlin Perkins’ recommendation, to Wallach's surprise,
he landed the job. He began putting things together, arranging schedules,
clarifying responsibilities, and preparing to be employed again.

This time Wallach was going to be responsible for making the administrative
decisions as well as directing the science. Wallach moved his boxes of books and

reference materials and files into his new office, but before he had completed his
unpacking, the dean of the medical school came down to the lab and handed him
a letter withdrawing their offer of employment.

The St. Louis University had sent out an announcement of Wallach’s
appointment as the new director of the animal research colony in their
newsletter, which drew a response from Emory University, the Yerkes Regional
Primate Research Center and the NIH, all of which convinced St. Louis University
that he was a nut and inferred that their federal funding would be pulled if
Wallach was hired. Yerkes and the NIH had caught up with him again,

Wallach set out again to the veterinary seminars in hopes of finding a job.
He knew he was not the smartest guy around, but nobody could ever accuse
him of ever giving up. Persistence paid off. He ran into one of his old veterinary
school chums, Dr. John Troxel. John had graduated from the University of
Missouri, School of Veterinary Medicine, one year before Wallach had and then
spent some time in the army doing research. He then opened up a small animal
practice in Chicago. John had built a very successful private practice and was very
experienced in veterinary clinical medicine and clinical research.

Wallach brought John up to date on all of his successes, great victories and
discoveries, and his more recent termination and run-in with the NIH. “John to
make a long story short, I'm looking for a job, | need to feed my four kids. With
all of your contacts, do you know of anybody who needs a good veterinary or
comparative pathologist?”

“Listen to me, Joel! You're wasting your time! Absolutely wasting your time!
They'll never let you back into the system! Believe me! | know! I've seen the mix
of ego, power, and bureaucracy in the Army! Take my advice and go retrain for
something else” John replied.

“But John, the cystic fibrosis story is too big to let go. Surely someone would
be interested in helping these CF kids,” countered Wallach.

===== Screenshot (524) -- Page 507 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

“Don't get me wrong, Joel. I'll help you. But right now you don’t believe me.
So, try your luck, and when you're totally disillusioned, give me a call. We'll take
up the situation from there.”

John’s statements and assessments of the situation made no sense to Wallach
at the time. He still believed that the promise of help for the cystic fibrosis
families and children would be so interesting and compelling to someone out
there that the seemingly never ending witch hunt by the NIH, Emory University,
and the Yerkes Primate Center would be neutralized.

In between meetings and seminars, raising four kids, and the hunt for a job,
Wallach chopped wood and broke up cast iron bath tubs with a sledge hammer
for scrap metal. He had to vent his anger and frustration on something. It was
the best time of his life and at the same time the worst time of his life. Until that
low point, Wallach had been so engrossed in doing his science and working on the
book, that it never occurred to him that the truth could be suppressed and that
personalities controlled science rather than truth! Wallach finally gave in; he knew
he had been “black-balled” forever—it was over, and he had to move on. The
egos in the NIH, Emory University and the Yerkes Primate Center had cinched the
noose tight around his neck. It was as if the days of witch hunts, torture, hangings,
and being burnt at the stake had returned.

It was time to call John Troxel. John, of course had been correct in his
assessment of the reality of Wallach’s plight, but he wanted Wallach to figure
it out for himself. John was not surprised when Wallach called. He only asked,
“What took you so long?”

Wallach confessed to John that he had been correct all along, “I didn’t believe
you at first, but | do now.”

John came back with, “I understand, Joel. It doesn’t make sense to you that
'm right, but unfortunately | am. Anyway, that’s neither here nor there right now.
The important thing is to do something about it. | have a plan up my sleeve that |

think will work. Give me a couple of days, and I'll get back to you.”

What John did was to hire the services of the most prestigious public relations
firm in Illinois that he could find. The “chosen ones” had been involved with the
political campaigns of every senatorial and presidential candidate to come out
of the state of Illinois. John explained the history, circumstances, and the current
status of Wallach's situation, and asked them to come up with a plan of action
that would bring the matter to the largest possible public audience. In return,
John would write a check for $20,000.

When Wallach learned of how much money John was investing in him, he
asked, “John, $20,000, are you mad? Twenty thousand dollars is one year’s salary!
I'll never be able to repay you!” “Don't worry Joel, I'll get my money's worth.
You and | are going to have some fun together,” he said with an impish chuckle.
Wallach was dumbfounded. Why would John spend $20,000 just to have some
fun?

“Listen, Joel. The money is my problem,” John said. “Your job is to get
your act together. Have every detail at your fingertips. Be prepared to answer
every question, counter every accusation. Know your facts, figures, dates, people,
places, and put your story into the best possible format. You do that and I'll do
the rest!”

Wallach again asked John if he thought the plan would really accomplish
anything. “Even if it doesn't work 100 percent it will accomplish something
dramatic and spectacular, so get your act together and be fully ready when I call
you.”

===== Screenshot (525) -- Page 509 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

A Blitz of Attention: Wallach Tries to Convince
Others of the Truth of Hi


ings

In August of 1978, Wallach found himself in the middle of a media blitz that
would have made any presidential candidate envious. The cyclone started at the
legendary New York City Waldorf Astoria Hotel. Every TV network was there.
Every news wire service was represented including the UPI and the AP. Medical
reporters and writers from every newspaper and magazine had been invited.
Media kits which included a three-page rendition of the basic cystic fibrosis story
of the discovery with a picture of Wallach with one of the cystic fibrosis monkeys,
and a copy of the original Emory University news release from March of 1978
was handed to each attendee. Wallach gave a stellar half-hour presentation with
slides explaining the value of being able to create an animal model for the study
of cystic fibrosis, and why it was a necessary step towards solving the unsolved
mystery of the terrible childhood disease.

The next day was spent in the 21 Club for lunch with the medical writer for
the UPI news wire service and answering phone calls that had been generated
by the TV network's airing of the cystic fibrosis story the night before. The
story as Wallach and the public relations firm had written it appeared in 1,700
newspapers around the world as a result of being picked up by the UPI news wire
service.

The new TV magazine 20/20 contacted Wallach and wanted to arrange a
segment for an upcoming program. A lecture circuit was set up and scheduled.
Wallach lectured around the country at the invitation of the individual state
chapters of the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation and cystic fibrosis support groups. The
meetings took place in hospital auditoriums, hotels, and civic centers. Wallach

lived with families that had had one or more cystic fibrosis children. He ate
with the cystic fibrosis families and patients, interviewed the parents, looked at
their bowel movements, their blood laboratory test results, their chest X-rays,
and examined them. After a few weeks into his schedule, he knew everything he
needed to know to prevent and cure cystic fibrosis—the rhesus monkey findings
were correct!

TV 20/20 sent out a production crew to follow Wallach's lecture circuit.
They filmed his lectures in VA hospitals, university hospitals, and to support
groups in home living rooms. They interviewed CF families. The 20/20 crew was
friendly, but it was obvious they were just going through the motions. Wallach
felt that they were actually hoping for protests by doctors and they were
extremely disappointed when nothing negative really happened. It was almost
like screaming into the wind.

The 20/20 experience was Wallach’s first adventure with the investigative TV
news media; he wore his heart on his sleeve and was very open and honest with
them. When the 20/20 cystic fibrosis story was finally aired, he was surprised
to see that more than fifty percent of the story and air time was devoted to
the orthodox view of CF being a genetic disease . . . a view that Wallach had
completely discredited.

The anti-selenium view on the 20/20 airing was presented by the director
of the National Poison Control Center in Denver, an MD/PhD toxicologist. It
was 1978, and the fact that selenium had been declared an essential nutrient
had been known in academic and scientific circles since 1957, twenty-one years
earlier, The medical director of the National Toxicology Center actually declared
on national television that the trace mineral selenium was toxic, so toxic in fact
that “he wouldn't give it to a pregnant woman or healthy baby, let alone a sick
child with CF"

===== Screenshot (526) -- Page 511 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Even though the net presentation of the 20/20 program was south of neutral,
Wallach received thousands of inquiring calls and thousands of inquiring letters.
The people wanted to know! The general public and CF families were thirsty for
information that might help their children. They were all ears! It was immediately
obvious that Troxel was correct something was going to happen!

The scientific community and the established dogma had actually been a
roadblock to progress—certainly the practices of banning, torturing, hanging,
burning at the stake, and being drawn and quartered by four lunging horses was
nothing new in the world of science and medicine.

Wallach lectured in twenty American states, and he was invited to Zurich,
Switzerland, and Rome, Italy, to lecture to cystic fibrosis families. Cystic fibrosis
was the same disease in Zurich, Rome, and in all of the American cities he
visited. By the end of August 1978, Wallach had accumulated all of the published
material ever written on CF and had become the holder of all of the known
information (right or wrong) about CF. He knew cystic fibrosis!

The dilemma for the proponents of the genetic theory of disease transmission
for CF was that the clinical presentation of CF, even with CF patients in the same

family, will rarely exhibit the same form of the disease. In a family with three


CF children, one might exhibit major pancreatic symptoms, one might have liver
disease, and the third's major complaint might be severe lung disease and might
die of a cardiomyopathy heart attack. The cystic fibrosis story had the same
problem as the Arctic fox story at the Brookfield Zoo: when you have several
different birth defects occurring in the progeny of the same male and female
they cannot be a genetically-transmitted disease. They can only be caused by a
congenital nutritional deficiency of the embryo.

Additionally, cystic fibrosis was theorized to be transmitted by “the most
classic form of a simple Mendelian recessive gene” in white Europeans. It was
further theorized that one in four humans had the recessive gene lurking in them.

In what Wallach regarded as a fourth-grade biology test of the theory he looked
for and found were the statistics for CF babies who were born to a mother and
father couple who were both CF patients themselves.

If the simple recessive gene theory for the transmission of CF was in fact
correct, then one hundred percent of babies born to CF couples would, by all of
the known facts of classic Mendelian genetics, be born with cystic fibrosis.

The outcome of this simple fourth grade study was astounding! Out of all of
the thousands of babies born to such couples only one had been born with CF!
Another problem the geneticists had was when couples were made up of one CF
patient when the numbers of CF babies born should statistically come out to one
out of four. But the results didn’t match the theory. It was impossible for CF to be
genetic!

Wallach’s experience and training he accumulated at The Center for the
Biology of Natural Systems put his experience and thinking way ahead of the
accepted knowledge of the day that the established cystic fibrosis experts "knew"
cystic fibrosis was genetically transmitted because that's what they were taught;
supposedly they knew how to “read the language of cystic fibrosis.”

Wallach, on the other hand came to the table as an empty slate and untainted
by dogma, As a result, he "knew" that CF was not a genetically-transmitted
disease, and “epigenetics” was born! Sir William Bragg said quite accurately, “The
important thing in science is not so much to obtain new facts as to discover new
ways of thinking about them.”

Wallach knew that cystic fibrosis was not a genetically-transmitted disease,
but rather it was a congenital or perinatal defect caused by a deficiency of
the trace mineral selenium in the mother. The deficiency of selenium caused a
disruption of the metabolic activities in high-production and high-energy tissues
such as pancreas, liver, heart, and lungs.

===== Screenshot (527) -- Page 513 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS


1)
as people moved around the country the levels of nutrients in food, including

There were three other pieces that were put into the puzzle over time:


selenium, varied and resulted in the “spontaneous” reversal of a positive sweat
test; (2) varying degrees of rate of appearance of symptoms and severity of
the clinical disease; (3) gluten intolerance affects percentages of absorption of
various nutrients, so those mothers and CF children who also had a gluten
intolerance would have a different presentation of clinical CF than those who
didn’t have a gluten intolerance (you are not what you eat—you are what you
absorb).

The excitement over the CF discovery was growing, although Wallach was still
out of a job. Telephone bills, traveling, airfares, restaurants, baby sitters, and
feeding four kids soon depleted Wallach’s meager financial reserves and he was
dead in the water, so to speak. He returned to Missouri and again worked for his
father loading trucks while he figured what to do.

Game Change: Wallach Discovers
Naturopathic Medicine at the National
Health Federation Annual Convention

The media campaign generated a phone call from Clinton Miller of the National
Health Federation. The NHF was a consumer advocacy group that supported
alternative views on health that encouraged the use of vitamins and minerals to
prevent and reverse disease.

Miller spoke up and said, “We're having a convention in Chicago. There will be
thousands of people in attendance who will want to hear your story and message.
We'd like you to be a featured speaker. The NHF supports people like you, people
who have been downgraded for finding and revealing the truth.”

Miller continued with, “The convention is going to take place at the newly
opened McCormick Center where the facilities are fabulous, and we're expecting
a record crowd!”

Wallach was very honest as he lamented, “I would be very honored Mr.
Miller, except that I'm broke. | couldn't afford the trip.” “Don't worry about the
money,” Clinton chirped, “We'll take care of your expenses and pay you a $500
honorarium.”

The NHF annual convention in Chicago was like nothing that Wallach had ever
seen. There was an exhibit hall with hundreds of exhibitors. They were a motley
crew that included purveyors of water filters, rebounders, vitamins, minerals,
herbs, algae, crystals, books, videos, and beads. There were belly dancers,
drummers, singers, Tibetan monks “Ohming,” massage therapists, chiropractors,
and iridologists. There were vegetarian, vegan, and organic food booths of every
description: tofu, rice, spices, carrot juice, and blue corn chips. The scene was right
out of an ancient Persian bazaar. The only thing missing was the sword swallower.

The lectures took place in various ball rooms. Typically there were as many
as eight to ten lectures going on simultaneously. As a featured speaker, Wallach
gave his presentation in the main ballroom when there were no other competing
lectures. At the appointed hour the room was packed with literally thousands of
excited people!

Wallach’s presentation lasted about an hour, and he received a standing
ovation at the end of his lecture. He felt like the “ugly duckling” who had found
a home full of like people, They wanted to hear and know what he had to say! It
was a wonderfully positive experience. Wallach, the ugly duckling of science, had
been transmuted into a swan!

There was a refreshing reasonableness about these people. They came to the
event with a sincere desire to listen and learn. There were no egos, biases, or

===== Screenshot (528) -- Page 515 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

preconceived notions bogging them down. That NHF lecture turned out to be a
milestone and a turning point in Wallach’s career.

Prior to the NHF convention, Wallach had never before addressed a large,
receptive public audience. Previously, his audiences had been groups of ten to
one hundred professionals, who were scientific people, veterinarians, and medical
people or pathologists who had come together for some high-level nutrition
or pathology seminar or workshop on nutrition that was given at the DNA,
biochemical, and mitochondrial levels.

Meeting with Dr. Gerhard Schrauzer and
Other Illustrious Scientists

A few days after returning to Missouri, Wallach received a phone call from Dr.
Gerhard Schrauzer, Chairman of the Department of Chemistry at UCSD. Through
reviewing the selenium research, Wallach had become very familiar with Dr.
Schrauzer’s work with selenium and his association with Dr. Klaus Schwarz, the
scientist who in 1957 had shown that selenium was an essential nutrient. These
two men were Wallach’s heroes.

Dr. Schrauzer is to selenium what Linus Pauling is to vitamin C. Dr. Schrauzer
had read the UPI story about the discovery of the CF monkey and Wallach’s
subsequent termination when he connected cystic fibrosis to a selenium
deficiency. initially, Schrauzer was not totally familiar with all of the relationships
between cystic fibrosis and a selenium deficiency, but he was angry when he
learned Wallach was treated badly and had been summarily terminated without
the opportunity to defend his research.

Schrauzer invited Wallach to come to La Jolla, California, and speak to a
small but illustrious international group including several Nobel laureates that

was scheduled for the following week. Dr. Schrauzer, as program chairman, would
guarantee Wallach the opportunity to defend his findings and his theory despite
the last-minute arrangements—and all expenses would be paid in advance by
ucsb!

Wallach went to California, and at the University of California, La Jolla
Campus gave a thirty-minute presentation to the most educated and the most
critical scientific audience with expertise in the fields of chemistry, genetics,
and nutrition he had yet encountered. The cystic fibrosis information was well
received and he was encouraged by all to pursue the work "because the truth
needed to be exposed to the light of day.”

Dr. Schrauzer stated that if Wallach didn’t pursue the cystic fibrosis
information himself it could be as long as one hundred years or more before the
concept of a congenital selenium deficiency as the cause of CF surfaced again.
Wallach felt as though he had been handed a mission, and that his observations
had been vindicated and recognized as a valid concept by some of the top
scientific thinkers in the world. After all, if Wallach's thinking was totally out of
the realm of reasonable certainty, Dr. Schrauzer would have been honest enough
to tell him that he was wasting his time.

The National College of Naturopathic
Medicine Portland, Oregon: Understanding
Naturopathic Physicians and What They Do

Another opportunity arose out of the Chicago NHF conference. As it happened,
there were several members of the board of directors (Jim Sensenig, ND, Bruce
Canvasser, ND, Jerry Schlesser, ND) of the National College of Naturopathic
Medicine from Portland, Oregon, in attendance. The school had a booth at

===== Screenshot (529) -- Page 517 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

the expo and the board members were there to recruit students and faculty
members.

Wallach had never heard of a naturopathic physician or ND. He didn’t know
who they were or what they did, so he visited their booth, asked questions, and
picked up their literature. Wallach became interested because the naturopathic
physicians were fully licensed as primary care physicians in the state of Oregon.

Naturopathic physicians in the state of Oregon could deliver babies, do
surgery, write prescriptions, and practice acupuncture. They primarily differed
from the MD community because of their strict adherence to the philosophy:
“First, do no harm.”

While American medical doctors claim to believe in this same philosophy
according to their Hippocratic Oath, many patients are harmed by their often
unnecessary surgical practices and dangerous experimental prescriptions for
illness. In contrast to this, patients under the care of naturopathic physicians first
offer choices of therapies that have a very low risk of injuring people, and perform
surgery and prescribe medicines only when absolutely necessary.

The NCNM board members were very excited about Wallach’s background
in pathology, nutrition, and teaching so they struck up a conversation. They
attended Wallach’s one-hour lecture, where he showed slides that featured a
known nutritional-deficiency disease in animals and then showed slides of the
same disease in humans, making the connection between nutritional-deficiency


diseases in animals and humans. The board members took Wallach out to dinner,
where the conversation became more animated when they learned that he was
looking for a job.

Wallach was invited to give a lecture on nutrition at the October 1978 annual
meeting of the Oregon Association of Naturopathic Physicians (OANP), a learning
event where the NDs could get some of their continuing medical education (CME)
credits for licensure. He was to recount the cystic fibrosis story and cover as

much general nutrition as possible in a two-hour presentation. This request was
not a problem as Wallach had slides of hundreds of deficiency diseases. Again,
expenses were to be paid and an honorarium was to be given. Wallach still didn’t
quite know what a naturopathic physician was exactly, but they wanted to listen
to what he had to say, so two months later he was off to Oregon.

Wallach was given a tour of the NCNM campus, including clinics by the
dean, board members, and licensed naturopathic physicians. NCNM, established
in 1957, was the oldest functioning naturopathic medical college. The classrooms
and clinics were housed in the historic Postal Building in downtown Portland, The
NCNM campus was small in terms of infrastructure, minimally equipped, and was
hardly what Wallach was used to at the large university campuses where he had
been student and taught and did research for the NIH and the National Science
Foundation.

Wallach was shown an architect's rendering for a new campus and had lunch
with board members and members the teaching faculty. The faculty included
PhDs, pharmacologists, MDs, cardiologists, NDs, and administrative types. The
entire group seemed to be genuinely interested and supportive of Wallach’s views
of nutrition and the ability of supplements to prevent, treat, and reverse disease.
Wallach was treated as a celebrity, which endeared them to him.

An ND isa primary care physician who is regulated by a state medical board, in
the states that allow them to be licensed physician, much the same as an MD is.
A naturopathic physician can examine patients, diagnose, and treat all diseases;
deliver babies; perform surgery; get a DEA number; write prescriptions for
pharmaceuticals; perform acupuncture; prescribe herbs; practice homeopathy;
perform manipulation, physical therapy, and counseling; and by Oregon law must
be reimbursed by health insurance for their services.

In Oregon the “orthodox” allopathic medical profession looked upon
naturopathic physicians as strange offshoots of old-time medicine bordering

===== Screenshot (530) -- Page 519 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

on quackery. In turn naturopathic physicians look upon the “orthodox” medical
community as uncaring, arrogant, heavy-handed upstarts who over-prescribe
pharmaceuticals with harmful side effects, perform unnecessary and dangerous
surgery out of greed, and deliver unnecessary and dangerous chemotherapy and
radiation out of ignorance and greed.

In 1978 five states licensed naturopathic physicians as primary care physicians.
In 1999, Oregon, Washington, Alaska, Montana, Arizona, Massachusetts,
Connecticut, Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, and the District of Columbia
licensed NDs as primary care physicians.

The naturopathic physician had a reduced scope of practice in many other
states because of powerful medical lobbies, and in the state of Tennessee by
constitutional amendment NDs can't practice health care in any form.

Naturopathic physicians were often prevented from delivering babies in states
where midwives were allowed to deliver babies. In some states NDs were not
allowed to puncture the skin to draw blood or deliver acupuncture therapy, where
any eighteen-year-old off the street with three hours of training could be a
phlebotomist and draw blood for any clinic or hospital.


The naturopathic audience was an eclectic collection of students at various
levels of their studies, academic staff from the college, and practicing
naturopathic physicians. They were fascinated by the presentation approach of
showing slides of the known nutritional-deficiency diseases in animals paralleled
with the same diseases in humans. It was an enraptured audience—they were
very interested in nutritional-deficiency diseases in humans. They demonstrated
their approval of Wallach with a standing ovation at the end of the presentation.
Wallach was in a groove and seemingly among kindred souls; the ugly duckling
was starting to look more like a swan again!

Dr. Joel Wallach Finds His Groove and
Vigorously Pursues a New Profession

After the presentation, Wallach was approached by the chairman of the board of
directors of NCNM, the dean of students, and the school president. This time the
offer was for a job as an instructor in nutrition. They wanted Wallach to teach
nutrition at the college and create a series of four courses that covered nutrition
for each of the four years of the naturopathic medical curriculum.

Wallach had reached a professional juncture. Should he totally give up on
twenty years of orthodox university-level research and associations with the main
stream of science and join this maverick band of healthcare professionals and
tarnish his background previously steeped in publication of basic research and
credible university connections? Then he remembered what Dr. John Troxel had
said, “Joel, they will never let you back in.”

Wallach accepted the offer of a teaching position at NCNM with one proviso:
Wallach wanted to be able to take courses towards completing an ND degree at
the same time that he was teaching. He didn’t see any problem since he had done
it before at the University of Missouri, lowa State University, and Washington
University.

The task of setting up a series of four sequential nutrition courses of increasing
detail and difficulty would be second nature. By no means would it be the first
time that Wallach had lectured to a group of highly educated and motivated
professional students.

Wallach’s ultimate goal was to be able to treat cystic fibrosis patients as soon
as possible and get the message out to the cystic fibrosis community that Wallach
had cutting-edge information to help them reverse their disease and prevent
the occurrence of additional cystic fibrosis patients by employing a gluten-free
diet and the supplementation of a complete nutritional supplement program

===== Screenshot (531) -- Page 522 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

spiked with additional selenium to young women still in their child-bearing years
(particularly those that had already produced a cystic fibrosis child).

After a brief closed meeting, the board approved Wallach’s request and asked
that he be in place and ready to teach by January 1979. They projected that by
taking courses part time that Wallach would be able to complete his ND degree
in six to eight years. The process seemed too long for Wallach as he was already
thirty-eight, a widower, and the single father of four small children. He didn’t say
anything out loud, but he knew he would have to speed up the process.

Wallach showed up for work on the 26th of December 1978. The weather was
bad. “Black ice” had ravaged Portland for a week; he let some air out of his tires
and arrived safely at the office to find that he was the only one there except
for a secretary manning the main office phone and the school president, Dr. Jim
Sensenig. There was no hubbub of students yet, and in the quiet he went to work.
Wallach asked for and got advice and guidance on how to pursue courses with the
goal of becoming a licensed ND as soon as possible.

By December 31st, Wallach had completed the outline of the necessary
courses, ordered the required textbooks, and was ready to go, even though the
classes didn’t begin until January 4th, 1979.

Wallach dug in and began to prepare course outlines for naturopathic
nutrition 101, 102, 103, and 104, He put together the lectures, presentation
slides, hand-out materials, and ordered a small supply of textbooks for the
students in each of the course levels.

Wallach remained in the Missouri Air National Guard; however, he transferred
his unit drill location to the Oregon Air Guard in Portland for convenience. He was
promoted to the rank of major and was eventually promoted to Lt. Colonel and
transferred to the Alaska Air Guard to fill their need for an environmental health
officer to deal with chemical warfare and NBC (Nuclear, Biological and Chemical)
warfare response.

Next step was for Wallach to formally apply to be a student, fill out the forms
for the curriculum committee, transfer all relevant transcripts for the various
universities and completed course work, and request an advanced student status
so he could also begin his residency immediately and concurrently. The goal was
to begin treating cystic fibrosis kids as quickly as possible.

Two weeks later the curriculum committee had approved Wallach’s advanced-
standing status. His years of clinical work with animals, his international acclaim
as a comparative pathologist, his previous university course work in the basic
sciences of both human and veterinary medicine, and his publications in peer-
reviewed journals all contributed to the committee's justification of accepting
his transcripts, transfer credits, and granting his advanced student standing
concurrently with his residency.

He attacked the massive load of triple-academic projects and family
responsibilities with the same military approach that had been so successful in
getting him through the University of Missouri agricultural school, veterinary
school, and comparative pathology simultaneously.

Wallach immediately began to see patients in the NCNM clinic under the


supervision of staff clinicians and senior and graduate students. He visited
and toured several private clinics until he found two practicing naturopathic
physicians who were willing to take him under their wings and allow him to sit in
on their patient visits. One practitioner was a woman (Dr. Lori Marzel), the other a
‘man (Dr. Brian MacCoy) affording him the different gender perspectives.

Within weeks, Wallach was delivering babies under supervision, performing
office surgery, and preparing and connecting IV drips under the watchful eyes
of his mentors. During his fourteen years as a veterinarian, Wallach had already
mastered most of the common clinical and laboratory diagnostic skills. The
exciting part was that he was observing the treatment of human diseases with
nutritional and herbal formulas. After a short period of time, the supervising

===== Screenshot (532) -- Page 524 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

doctors began to ask for Wallach’s opinion and even employed some of his
veterinary nutritional formulas for their patients.

“Compressing and Condensing" were Wallach’s watch words for negotiating
through and finishing his naturopathic training as quickly as possible—nothing
was left out or cut short; he simply had to the same amount of study and work as
any other student in a shorter period of time. At 38 years old, he simply couldn't
spend another eight years as a student!

In order to compress and condense his requirements, he commonly would be
taking classes on one subject while an examiner for another subject would sit
beside him with sets of a hundred microscopic slides for identification of normal
tissue for the human histology class, or slides on human diseases for basic
pathology courses.

Wallach would successfully identify 100 percent of the normal and disease
tissues while taking notes and passing tests for the lecture being attended.
Having been a comparative pathologist for over fourteen years, and having
reviewed literally millions of normal and diseased tissues for both animals and
humans through the microscope over the years, rendering the exercise was
a simple feat. Employing this method Wallach was able to successfully get
equivalent and/or transfer credits for veterinary and human graduate classes
in physiology, public health, microbiology, parasitology, animal and human
neuroanatomy, basic surgical technique, medical biochemistry, pharmacology,
toxicology, basic courses in clinical laboratory and history of medicine, and was
allowed to test-out of gross anatomy, histology, basic and advanced pathology,
and all four courses in nutrition.

In addition to the whirlwind schedule of testing-out out of some courses
and pursuing advanced clinical study, Wallach had to physically attend and take
courses in the history of naturopathic medicine, internal medicine, cardiology,
pharmacognosy (the understanding of herbs and methods of extracting the

active principals of herbs for medicinal use), herbal medicine, basic and
advanced obstetrics, surgery (which Wallach helped to teach), Chinese medicine,
acupuncture, homeopathy, orthopedics, pediatrics, EENT, advanced clinical
diagnosis, physical therapy, residency, and internships.

The result of this intense program of intellectual warfare was a halving of
the projected time-frame for Wallach’s graduation as a naturopathic physician,
cutting eight years down to three and one half, The academic naturopathic
community was in shock. Wallach had passed by the academic level of other
instructors who had been on the same track of teaching and studying to be a
naturopathic physician who'd started several years before him.

The academic naturopathic community was typically laid back. Most were
ten to fifteen years younger than Wallach, were vegetarians, and weren't as
motivated to just get on with the program. Not only was Wallach ten years older;
he was connected to the military and a habitual hamburger eater. His colleagues
saw him as being less “spiritually elevated” than they. Soon they gave Wallach the
nick name of “Conan the Veterinarian.”

Wallach always had clinical duties on the weekend because no one else would
take it. If they were assigned the weekend clinic duty, they would just skip out!
As a result Wallach probably saw ten times the number of patients as the other
residents. Once each month Wallach, also had his weekend National Guard dril,
which ended early in the afternoon just when his clinic responsibilities started. He


would get permission to leave twenty minutes early, go through the McDonalds’
drive-through and get a quarter pounder. Arriving at the student conference
room in military fatigues, eating a hamburger, and reviewing patient charts
simply confirmed their view that Wallach was in fact “Conan the Veterinarian.”

===== Screenshot (533) -- Page 526 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Wallach Sets Up His Own Clinic of
Licensed Naturopathic Physicians

In 1981 Wallach purchased a small clinic in Canon Beach, Oregon. He paid
licensed naturopathic physicians to operate the clinic on his behalf and to
supervise his activities as an advanced standing student (which also sped up the
completion of his residency requirements).

Wallach adapted many of the veterinary nutritional formulas that he had
learned at the University of Missouri to employ on his human patients. It was
no surprise to him that the veterinary nutritional formulas did in fact work on
humans just as they did in animals. Perhaps the most popular of these formulas
was “Dr. Wallach’s Pig Arthritis Formula.” There were no pigs in the Pig Arthritis
Formula, but the formula came from a nutritional program that was designed to
prevent and reverse arthritis in pigs (the original Pig Arthritis Formula has been
updated and improved as the "Healthy Bone and Joint Pak").

Seventy-five percent of all Americans over the age of fifty get one type of
arthritis or another to some degree. According to the Centers for Disease Control,
somewhere between 35 million and 50 million “Baby Boomers” had arthritis in
the year 2010, and there is not a single medical treatment designed to prevent

or cure arthritis; in fact many doctors will tell their patients that arthritis is a


genetically-transmitted disease, there is no way that cartilage can be regrown,
and that the only medical answer is the use of pain-relief medication, injections of
genetically engineered stem cells that will relieve pain, and ultimately, in the end,
joint replacement.

Aspirin doesn’t fix arthritis, and it can cause gastric bleeding and death.
Tylenol doesn't fix arthritis, and it causes 40,000 cases of kidney failure in the

United States each year, 5,000 of which are so severe that the patient is given a
kidney transplant. Advil, Ibuprofen, and Aleve don't fix arthritis and their use can
cause liver disease in five to ten percent of the users. Methotrexate and gold shots
don't fix rheumatoid arthritis and they can subdue your bone marrow to the point
where it can’t produce red blood cells, white blood cells, and platelets. Prednisone
and cortisone don’t fix arthritis either, and they can cause the patient to get
type 2 diabetes and precipitate diseases far more horrible than arthritis—these
steroids actually speed up the bone-loss process and will produce osteoporosis
and fractures and type 2 diabetes.

When these over the counter and prescription drugs fail to relieve pain and
inflammation any more, the orthopedic surgeon will say, “The only treatment left
for you medically is joint replacement surgery.”

In July of 2002, the New England Journal of Medicine published an article,
the title of which was “Knee Replacement Surgery for Arthritis is Worthless.” In
November of 20006, the Journal of the American Medical Association published an
article, the title of which was "Back Surgery for Sciatica is Unnecessary.”

Elizabeth Taylor had three hip replacement surgeries. How many hips did
Elizabeth Taylor have? Despite being attended to by “the best orthopedic surgeon
in Hollywood," she still developed compression fractures. Elizabeth Taylor needed
Dr. Wallach's Pig Arthritis Formula or the Healthy Bone and Joint Pak!

Wallach researched various veterinary nutritional formulas that were designed
to prevent and cure arthritis in pigeons, turkeys, dogs, cats, horses, cows, pigs,
sheep, lions, tigers, and bears and adapted several of them to human use.
Cartilage, ligaments, tendons, connective tissue, and bone itself were predictably
regrown regardless of the person's age.

Wallach has seen cartilage and bones regrown in thousands of human
patients. In the 70s and 80s, Dr. Wallach's Pig Arthritis Formula was a mix
of twenty to thirty pills and capsules containing gelatin (collagen), minerals,

===== Screenshot (534) -- Page 528 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

trace minerals, amino acids, and vitamins. The pig arthritis formula worked like
a charm, It was as predictable as gravity; however many people felt that the
formula was too inconvenient to take twenty to thirty capsules and tablets two to
three times per day.

In 2010 Wallach produced the Healthy Bone and Joint Pak, which contains 245
nutrients (including 115 fruits and vegetables) and the 90 essential nutrients. This
program is primarily liquid and contains only three omega-3 soft gel capsules per
dose. Cartilage can be regrown by supplying the nutrients (ie., the raw materials)
necessary to turn on the genetic script and support and promote maintenance
and repair—that's epigenetics!


Dr. Wallach Graduates and Fights to Save
Naturopathic Medicine in Oregon

In 1982 Wallach graduated as a naturopathic physician from the National College
of Naturopathic Medicine. This was also the year for the “sunset review” process
for naturopathic medicine, a review that took place every eight years for all
healing professions in the state of Oregon. It was a constitutional process that
allowed the state legislature to examine not only naturopathic medicine, but also
allopathic medicine, osteopathic medicine, pharmacists, chiropractic medicine,
traditional Chinese medicine, dentistry, nursing, physician assistants, midwifes,
veterinarians, etc.

The sunset review process was originally instituted to reaffirm the proper
training, professionalism, proper skill level, and licensing process in an effort
to protect the citizens of the state of Oregon. The sunset review process had
been going on for almost seventy-five years following the1914 Flexner Report;
however, in 1982 the political environment in the healing arts in Oregon was

such that all of the licensing boards banded together and recommended the “sun
setting" or de-licensing the naturopathic physicians.

The week before the state of Oregon's sunset committee's up or down vote
on the very survival of naturopathic medicine in America, it was learned that
the results of the review had already been decided: it was to be "thumbs down,”
and would be the death of a profession that had offered an alternative to
allopathic medicine since the Declaration of Independence was signed in 1776! It
appeared that the prediction of Dr. Benjamin Rush (a signer of the Declaration of
Independence), in the form of his worst nightmare, was about to come true:

“The Constitution of this Republic should make special provisions for
medical freedom as well as religious freedom. To restrict the art of healing
to one class of men and deny equal privileges to others will constitute the


Bastille of medical science. All such laws are un-American and despotic.’

A team of naturopathic physicians was formed to visit the state legislature and
lobby the members of the sunset committee to inform them on the usefulness of
NDs for the people of Oregon and, in effect, remind them that the naturopathic
profession provided a high-quality health service for the people of Oregon
for more than seventy-five years, and that as the oldest of the Naturopathic
colleges, NCNM, the Harvard of Naturopathic medicine, was accredited by the U.S.
Department of Education, and over the years had graduated more naturopathic
physicians than all of the naturopathic colleges and universities in America
combined.

The naturopathic physician's team that was sent to beg the sunset committee
for a reconsideration of their decision and preserve naturopathic medicine for
the people of Oregon was made up of practitioners, members of the board for
licensing naturopathic physicians, professors from NCNM (including Wallach), and
fourth-year naturopathic students.

===== Screenshot (535) -- Page 530 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

‘As Wallach and the other members of the team visited the offices of the
members of the sunset committee it was obvious that there was a serious
problem. Every member of the sunset committee gave a brief audience to the
team, but they all gave the same response: “naturopathic medicine in Oregon was
going to die that afternoon and nothing could change the decision of the sunset
committee chairman. Had Wallach come all the way to Oregon and worked so
hard to become a naturopathic physician, and in the very month of his graduation


and attainment of a degree in naturopathic medicine, have the naturopathic
profession executed before his eyes?

At that point Wallach insisted on getting a visit with the chairman of the
sunset committee, and after a lot of gnashing of teeth the chairman grudgingly
agreed to receive two members of the naturopathic team, but no one else wanted
to go to see the chairman for fear of being blamed for the loss of naturopathic
medicine in Oregon, which would necessarily mean the closure of NCNM.

Wallach then proposed that Dr. Jim Sensenig and Wallach be the messengers
and ambassadors for the profession, and with great relief all of the members of
the naturopathic team voted “yes.” At the appointed hour Wallach and Sensenig
appeared in the committee chairman's office. The chairman was a stern-faced
Vietnamese man in his fifties. He waved us into his office, folded his arms over his
chest, leaned back in his chair and said, “Well, | can save you a lot of time; there
is nothing you can say that will save naturopathic medicine in Oregon—it is dead,
there is no appeal”

A dead silence filled the room. Wallach looked at Sensenig who seemed
in shock, so Wallach spoke, saying, “At least you owe it to us to let us
know what terrible thing has happened to cause the sunset committee to
sunset naturopathic medicine in Oregon, which in effect would kill naturopathic
medicine in the entire country.”

The chairman laid his chest across his desk, stiff and wide-eyed, stretched out

his right arm and pointed his finger at Wallach and yelled, “You're all a bunch of
God-damned draft dodgers. My son was a green beret who was killed in southeast
Asia and naturopathic medicine is dead.”

Wallach responded, “Is that all? What if it is not true that naturopathic
physicians are all draft dodgers? Will you give us time to prove our case?” The
chairman said, “I will give you fifteen minutes to prove your case!”

Wallach and Sensenig gathered up the naturopathic team in the capital lunch


room and identified those who were military veterans:

Joel Wallach, Lt. Col Air Force - newly licensed naturopathic physician,
professor of Nutrition, NCNM

Jim Sensenig, U.S. Army - Dean of Students, NCNM, licensed naturopathic
physician

Jim Massey, Capt. U.S. Army ~ fourth year naturopathic student

Bill Henry, U.S. Navy - member of the Board of Naturopathic Physicians, the
State of Oregon, licensed naturopathic physician

Don Walker, U.S. Army - Chairman of the Board of Naturopathic Physicians,
the State of Oregon, licensed naturopathic physician

Each veteran who had their military identification card gathered themselves
and returned to the chairman's office for their final plea. The team of
naturopathic military veterans introduced themselves to the chairman and
displayed their military identification cards. After examining each of the
identification cards, the chairman began to weep. After he composed himself he
asked, "Why do the medical doctors hate you so much?" To which Wallach stated,
“Mr. Chairman, it is a turf battle between MDs and NDs for the hearts and minds
of the people and patients of the state of Oregon."

===== Screenshot (536) -- Page 932 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

The chairman pondered for a brief moment and pronounced, “Don't worry
gentlemen, naturopathic medicine will not be destroyed this day. Because of your
military service you have changed my mind and you have prevailed!”

The Saga of “The Book” Finally Ends and It Is Published

Over the years, Wallach ended up with all 28 chapters of the book. “The Book”
had become his book by default! Wallach said at the time that “There are a lot
of people smarter than me, but there are few who are as persistent or who are
willing to work as hard as me to complete a project.” As Carroll Cann, the W. B.
Saunders editor predicted, all but one of the 28 original book contributors except
for Wallach had fallen ill, died, or gave up in exhaustion.

Twelve hundred pages, two thousand illustrations, hundreds of editorial
meetings, 25,000 autopsies, 10 million chemistries, 10 million slides with special
stains and eighteen years later, Wallach finished it! In 1983 the tome entitled
The Diseases of Exotic Animals was finally finished. The book represented 20,000
animal (454 species) and human autopsies and tens of thousands of clinical cases.

To sell the book at $140 each, W. B. Saunders insisted that Wallach add the
name of a clinical veterinarian as a co-author of the book and add an obvious
clinical subtitle to enhance sales. There are far more clinicians than pathologists
in the world. Wallach was to get 90 percent of the royalties and the clinical
veterinarian ten percent. Wallach chose Dr. William Boever, a former intern of his
at the St. Louis Zoo; Boever retired thirty years later, having worked his entire
professional career as the clinical veterinarian at the St. Louis Zoo.

The book, The Diseases of Exotic Animals: The Medical and Surgical
Management, is found in every veterinary school and medical school library and
in the private library of every veterinarian, wildlife expert, and zoologist and by
2013 copies were being sold on the internet at prices that ranged from $400 to

$10,000 depending on the condition of the book.

Wallach had hoped that the 23-year collection of nutritional-deficiency truths
and their relationship to human disease in the book The Diseases of Exotic
Animals would precipitate a revolution in healthcare. Instead it has become a
tome, a reference book so massive that no one can afford to update the project. It
isa classic that any academic professional would be proud to have authored and
published, but it didn’t stir the medical profession to incorporate nutrition into
their treatment protocols. The public, of course, is almost entirely unaware of the
book's existence, so no healthcare revolution could be expected from that quarter
either.

Getting the Message About Nutrition Disseminated
to the Public to Change Healthcare in America

Wallach had done his best. He had been educated using tax-payer’s money to the
tune of $7.5 million, and he had used the best science to publish peer-review and
refereed articles in respected scientific journals, published reference books, and
contributed chapters to multi-authored text books on the subject of nutrition and
nutritional deficiencies. In fact he was now by definition and diverse experience
and training a “polymath”; however, he still felt that he had not been successful
in reaching his goal of changing human healthcare in America for the betterment
of all. He knew that he had to find another way to be more effective in getting
the message disseminated to the general public. What would Paracelsus, Pasteur,
Darwin, and Mendel do?

In 1990 Wallach, along with his wife Dr. Ma Lan, published an article that
reported the details of 1,700 autopsies of Chinese children under the age of
twelve years who had died of Kheshan disease hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, a

===== Screenshot (537) -- Page 534 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

known selenium-deficiency disease. The purpose of the study was to see if cystic
fibrosis (theorized to be a genetic disease of eastern European children) occurred
in the study group. Wallach had discovered the first non-human case of cystic
fibrosis in a rhesus monkey which was proved to be caused by a congenital
selenium deficiency, and he believed that if his initial work was correct and
that cystic fibrosis was a selenium-deficiency disease, then a certain number of
Chinese children who had died of Kheshan Disease (a known selenium-deficiency
disease) would have cystic fibrosis as well as cardiomyopathy.

The results of the Wallach/Ma Lan Chinese Kheshan disease study was
profound: 35 percent (595) of the 1,700 cardiomyopathy cases also had
confirmed cystic fibrosis lesions of the pancreas, lungs, and liver and surprisingly
one hundred percent exhibited the classic lesions of muscular dystrophy of the
heart!

Although Wallach believed that he knew the cause, prevention, and cure of
human cystic fibrosis in 1977, the “truth” laid dormant until 2003, when a small
girl (Sydney Myer) who at two years of age was presented to Dr. Wallach as a
cystic fibrosis patient who was seriously ill. Sydney was placed on a strict gluten-
free diet and given the 90 essential nutrients and extra selenium. Within weeks
she was symptom free.

Wallach first worked with the Lancaster County, Pennsylvania Amish
community in 1993 where one of his first Amish pediatric cases was a small six-
year-old boy who was born with muscular dystrophy. The boy was so weak that
he moved through the house holding onto furniture or rolling like a log from one
room to the next using his head and neck to propel himself. Wallach placed the
child on a nutritional program and a supplemental program that was made up of
the 90 essential nutrients and extra selenium.

Upon his return to Lancaster County three months later, Wallach was lecturing
in a community church building on a hot August night. Lacking electrical power,

the front and back doors of the church were open. Well into the lecture a group
of small boys ran from the front door though the main isle of the church and out
the back kicking a soccer ball, and in the lead was the six-year-old boy who had
apparently completely recovered from muscular dystrophy.

In 2012 Wallach was contacted by Deborah Ramsey, who had a nephew (Skyler
Colli) born in Italy with cystic fibrosis (Italy screens all newborn children for CF,
MD and many other “genetic” diseases) and asked if Wallach had a program that
could help the baby. Wallach recommended the 90 essential nutrients with an
emphasis of extra selenium appropriate for body weight and a gluten-free diet.

The “genetic marker” for cystic fibrosis is a positive sweat test, which is the
abnormal readings of electrolytes in sweat. After three months on the Wallach
protocol Skyler's positive sweat test converted to normal, according to hospital
records!

In 2005 Wallach teamed up with Marvin Ropp, a retired Navy SEAL. Ropp
had been raised Amish in James Port, MO. At age eighteen he handed his team
of horses over to his brother, shaved his beard, and joined the U.S. Navy. After
retiring from the navy, Ropp joined Dr. Wallach's program to solve a personal
fertility problem and to save the Amish colonies from exploitation by the medical
system.

Wallach gave a nutritional program and a supplemental recipe to Ropp and
his wife designed for infertile couples and stated, “after ninety days you will be
a pregnant couple.” After three years of being childless Ropp was quite skeptical,
but the pregnancy occurred in four months, and Ropp decided to join the Wallach
team and take the health message back to the Amish community.

Ropp pointed out to Wallach that “the Amish were being used as an ATM
machine” by the medical system claiming that many diseases that afflicted the
‘Amish communities were genetic.

===== Screenshot (538) -- Page 536 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Certain communities of Amish, Mennonites, and Hutterites had extremely high
rates of cystic fibrosis and muscular dystrophy. Some families had children with
both cystic fibrosis and muscular dystrophy.

Ropp’s ability to speak Amish Dutch and interface with the Amish culture
allowed Wallach to work with Amish children suffering from cystic fibrosis and
muscular dystrophy. Over a period of five years it became evident that there were
several factors involved in the genesis of cystic fibrosis and muscular dystrophy.

Almost every mother of a Kheshan disease (hypertrophic cardiomyopathy),
cystic fibrosis, and or muscular dystrophy child has clinically significant gluten
intolerance. The families live in a geographical location that is known to have
selenium-deficient soil (by actual university assay); the culture has a high-grain
diet (eaten by the Amish, Mennonites, Hutterites, Kheshan Chinese, Mormons,
Seventh Day Adventists, etc.) and they typically do not supplement with
selenium,

Over a period of five years, using dietary changes to eliminate gluten (in
wheat, barley, rye, and oats) and supplementing the cystic fibrosis and muscular
dystrophy afflicted children and young adults with the 90 essential nutrients plus
high doses of selenium, children rapidly improve and became symptom free!

In December of 2013, Wallach was notified that a four-year-old Amish boy in
Indiana who had had several positive sweat tests for cystic fibrosis was brought
back to the pediatrician after months on a gluten-free diet and that Wallach's
protocol (90 essential nutrients spiked with extra selenium) and produced a
perfectly normal sweat test. His previously positive “genetic marker” had been
reversed and he had become a normal, cystic fibrosis free child.

Wallach’s muscular dystrophy data was sent to Jerry Lewis in 2010 to see
if he wanted to be the person to make the announcement, “In fact we now
know the cause, prevention, and cure for cystic fibrosis and muscular dystrophy.”
Violet, Mr. Lewis's assistant, acknowledged that Mr. Lewis had received the data

in both e-mail and hard copy format and would review the material. We did not
want money from the Muscular Dystrophy Foundation; however, it felt right to
offer the opportunity to Jerry Lewis to make the announcement that the cause,
prevention, and cure of muscular dystrophy had been found and proved in clinical
trials to be correct—in fact the cure for MD had been found for “Jerry's Kids"!

Mr. Lewis, it seems, took the data to the medical committee of the Muscular
Dystrophy Foundation, but they refused to review the data and fired Jerry Lewis
for insisting that they interview Wallach and Ropp to see if there was any validity
or value that might benefit “Jerry's Kids.” They fired Jerry Lewis!! They sent him


on a cruise to prevent him from being available to reporters who would inquire
as to why he didn’t for the first time in twenty-two years participate in the MD
Telethon to raise money to find the cure for MD and Jerry's Kids.

In 2013 Todd Harrison, a 24-year-old muscular dystrophy patient from
Stockton, California, reported to Wallach that he had been on Wallach’s
protocol for muscular dystrophy for six months, and through the Internet he
had documented his clinical improvement through regular video updates on
Facebook. He had attracted 2,700 muscular dystrophy patients and families who
were following his progress, and many had opted to follow Wallach's protocol for
the reversal and prevention of muscular dystrophy.

Before starting on the Wallach Protocol, Todd could do 30 curls with a five
pound dumb bell in three minutes with his left arm. After one year on the Wallach
Protocol he could do 30 curls with the five-pound dumbbell with his left arm in
33 seconds, and his walking gait is significantly improved.

Todd, his mother, and her brother, David, (who also had muscular dystrophy)
formed a not for profit organization called “Defying Muscular Dystrophy.” By the
time they had met Wallach, they had raised $50,000 for a FDA approved study
that looked at a medical device that was an electronic muscle stimulator used for
the purpose of toning up weak muscles in muscular dystrophy patients.

===== Screenshot (539) -- Page 539 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Layne Chavez, an 18-year-old young man, introduced himself to Wallach at a
Long Beach, California Health Expo, started on the Wallach Protocol for Muscular
Dystrophy, and in six months went from being wheelchair-bound for eight years
to riding an adult tricycle on the street.

In July of 2013, Wallach was appointed as the Chairman of the Scientific
Advisory Board for the not-for-profit Defying Muscular Dystrophy organization.

In 1994 Wallach began to use KSCO, a Santa Cruz, California AM radio station,
to broadcast an interactive talk show to spread his message of self-help and
supplementation of the 90 essential nutrients to prevent and reverse human
diseases.

The radio show was called “Dead Doctors Don't Lie" after the s uccessful
launch of an audio cassette of the same title. The introduction started with
“Hello, welcome to Dead Doctors Don’t Lie. This is Dr. Joel Wallach, your host,

a veterinarian and physician . . .” It wasn't long before the county medical


association launched a lawsuit to charge Wallach with unlawfully using the word
“physician” to identify himself.

Wallach obtained a certified copy of his degree from NCNM declaring him as a
graduate naturopathic physician and a certified copy of his current Oregon license
declaring him a licensed naturopathic physician in good standing. The lawsuit was
dropped, and Wallach was never again harassed by the medical community of
California, and in 2005 the state of California passed the Naturopathic Practice
Act allowing the licensure of Naturopathic Doctors in the State of California. Dr.
Wallach’s California license number is 061.

In 1997 Wallach was contacted by Lauren Knievel, the niece-in-law of Evel
Knievel (the famous dare devil). She was two and a half months pregnant, and her
embryo had been diagnosed with Down syndrome at the two and one half month
stage by both an amniocentesis and an ultrasound by two separate laboratories.
She wanted to avoid an abortion that many were recommending.

This was the first time that Wallach had to answer the question, “can the
embryo be saved and the Down syndrome ‘gene defect’ be reversed?”

Wallach answered that he didn’t know; he had never been asked before to
intervene in an early pregnancy to save an embryo. He told her, however, if she
wanted to try, he was willing to try and would do his best.

Wallach knew that they must work quickly, as the window of time that would
allow a reversal of such a ‘genetic defect’ may have already passed. Wallach put
together a formula of all the known 90 essential nutrients and the very day that
Lauren Knievel posed the question, "Can the gene defect that caused the Down
syndrome in her embryo be reversed?” she began to consume the 90 essential
nutrients.

Lauren Knievel's baby was born a full-term perfectly healthy baby—the Down
syndrome “genetic defect” had been reversed!

In 1996 Theo Ratliff, a 28-year-old NBA basketball player, was told his career
was over. Theo at a young age had bone-on-bone arthritis in both knees, the
cartilage on his right hip had popped off, and the orthopedic surgeon for the
Atlanta Hawks stated that the injury required surgery to replant the cartilage.
His right wrist was broken catching a pass during a regular season game, and the
orthopedic surgeons for the Atlanta Hawks said, “We can't sign off on Theo. He's
too much of a risk— he's too fragile to play professional NBA basketball.”

Theo was cleaning out his locker in the Hawks’ training facility when he heard
Mike Glen, “The Stinger,” the legendary guard for the Hawks talking to another
player about rebuilding his own knees with Wallach’s supplement program (Glen
had regrown his knee cartilage in both knees after retirement and had declared,
“could have played for five more years if | had known about Wallach’s program
earlier !"). Ratliff walked over to Glen and asked if he thought that Wallach’s
program could also help him. Glen replied in the affirmative, and Glen started
Ratliff on the program. Ratliff passed all of the physicals, and the next season he

===== Screenshot (540) -- Page 541 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

was given a $40 million contract with the Portland Trail Blazers! In 2012 Ratliff
finished his professional career of sixteen years after three years with the Los
Angeles Lakers.

In 1998 Wallach was giving a lecture in Salt Lake, Utah, to a room packed
with 300 eager attendees, when during the question and answer period, a man
enquired about his mother who had been declared legally blind for eight years as
a result of chronic macular degeneration, and he asked, “Can anything be done to
restore my mother’s eyesight even though she has been declared legally blind as
a result of macular degeneration?”

Wallach replied, "Macular degeneration is easy to prevent and easy to reverse
with a dietary change and a complete supplement program that includes a heavy
antioxidant approach, as macular degeneration was due to the accumulation of
“ceroid lipofucin,” a pigment caused by free radical damage to the retina of the
eye.” Immediately a man jumped in the back of the room and yelled, "Wallach,
you're a liar! | am an eye doctor and there is no way that you can prevent or cure
macular degeneration, as it is due to aging and there is no way to prevent or cure
it”

Wallach Asked, "Who are you?” To which the doctor replied, “! am Dr. Ronald
Pugh.” Wallach then challenged Dr. Pugh, “Give me twelve of your macular
degeneration patients who have been legally blind for eight to ten years, and if |
can get half (6) to be able to read 20/20 in ninety days, will you apologize?”

Dr. Pugh responded, “If you can get two out of twelve to be able to read


20/20 in ninety days | will apologize!” The next day Dr. Pugh brought a box full of
twenty-seven charts of patients who had been declared legally blind for eight to.
ten years because of macular degeneration. Wallach took all twenty-seven, gave
each his 90 nutrient/antioxidant program for macular degeneration, and in ninety
days all twenty-seven could read 20/20 and only two required glasses! Dr. Pugh
kept his word and produced an apology on a CD entitled, “Seeing is Believing!"

Later in 1998, Wallach was introduced to Elaine lagotta, who was diagnosed
ten years earlier with primary sclerosing cholangitis, a form of liver cirrhosis that
caused the death of NFL great Walter Payton, and for which the preferred medical
treatment was to install stints into the bile ducts to prevent them from being
crushed by scar tissue and surgically remove as much damaged liver as possible
until a liver transplant became necessary. lagotta had had 12 major liver surgeries
at the Harvard Teaching Hospital prior to meeting Wallach and was on the liver


transplant list.

Wallach put lagotta on a gluten-free anti-inflammatory diet and added the 90
essential nutrient supplement program spiked with selenium and mega doses of
B vitamins. In sixty days she had regrown her liver to normal size, canceled the
plans for a liver transplant, and went back to a normal life.

‘A presentation was scheduled at the Harvard Medical School Campus to share
Elaine lagotta’s story with the faculty who were quite familiar with her plight. In
spite of individual invitations to the faculty, not a single one appeared for the
event.

Wallach continued to give 300 free lectures each year to spread the
information about nutrition and how it could reverse diseases thought to be
genetic by the medical system. This allowed Wallach to have an interface with
the general public throughout the world and have the opportunity to treat the
untreatable with nutrition.

Wallach had been giving hundreds of lectures in Canada for over fifteen years,
and in 2008 he was in Moose Jaw Canada giving his standard lecture when on
this occasion a couple approached him before the meeting started and asked
for help. The wife did the talking as the husband was in the advanced stages of
Parkinson's disease. The man’s name was David Dietrich, and he had a severe total
body palsy that was unremitting. David was a very wealthy man; however, his

===== Screenshot (541) -- Page 543 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

doctors had essentially given up on him and were in a hospice mode “waiting for
the inevitable.”

By the time Dietrich had shown up Wallach had successfully treated numerous
people with multiple sclerosis, ALS, and Parkinson's disease. Dietrich was a big
man, weighing 260 pounds, and thus required a rather large amount of nutrients
to achieve the desired effect.

In addition to the 90 essential nutrients (Dietrich was dosed for a 300 pound
human), Wallach administered products to increase brain circulation and increase
energy conversion in the brain, and he administered nutrients that were the
raw materials for the brain to manufacture neurotransmitters and nutrients that
increased antioxidant power.

In addition to the supplement program, Dietrich was admonished to avoid
trans-fatty acids, heterocyclic amines, and acrylamides to stop ongoing damage,
and he was instructed to eat at least twelve to fourteen poached eggs each day to
provide raw materials for the rebuilding of myelin.

Three months later Wallach returned to Moose Jaw Canada for follow-up
meetings, and Dietrich showed up at the meeting. He was excited, energetic, and
totally symptom free! He thanked Wallach profusely and introduced him to the
regional directors for Sun Life of Canada, who had come to meet the doctor
who had wrought Dietrich’s miracle recovery, as they thought that “Wallach had
hypnotized Dietrich into thinking he was cured.”

When Wallach asked the Sun Life representatives, “Would you consider paying
doctors for following the nutrition program that reversed Dietrich's Parkinson's
disease?” the Sun Life representatives replied, “There is no way we could do that,
even though it would save us money; the doctors would drive their patients to
other insurance companies.”

In 2008 Wallach was lecturing in Gary, Indiana, and upon return to his
hotel at 1:00 AM., he was met in the lobby by Pastor Tyrone Crider and his

wife Regina. Crider stated that he was referred to Wallach by Martin Luther
King Ill. The two men had been roommates at Morehouse College as young
men and Wallach had helped Martin with his own health challenges. Crider, six
feet tall and weighing 300 pounds, was suffering from coronary artery disease,
hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, and congestive heart failure. Additionally, he had
many complications, was on 27 prescription drugs, and had been getting a half-
day full physical (for which he paid $5,000 cash for each physical) every Friday for
three years “to be prepared if a heart becomes available.”

Inspecting the 27 prescriptions, Wallach noted that three of them were
different diuretics (water pills, including Lasix) with three different modes of
action, yet Crider's chest and belly were full of fluid which made him breathless
and unable to walk five feet without holding on to the backs of chairs and
stopping to catch his breath. This meant that he was probably having an
absorption problem and could not even absorb the prescriptions.

Wallach put Crider on a gluten-free diet, eliminated all inflammatory foods
(fried foods, oils, processed meats, etc.), and put him on a supplement program
(90 essential nutrients, selenium, amino acids, and mega doses of B-complex
vitamins) for a 300 pound man. One week later Crider went for his regular weekly
physical.

On the following Friday, Crider’s cardiologist called his wife and asked to have
Crider to return to redo the physical as they felt they had mixed his lab work with
some other person’s lab work and admonished her not to give her husband any
medications, and, “Oh, by-the-way send an additional $5,000 cash.”

On re-examination, Crider's cardiologist took him off of all 27 prescriptions
and took him off of the heart transplant list after only five days on a diet change,
and Wallach's 90 essential nutrients!

Later in 2009 Wallach was giving lectures in Cook County Illinois near the town
of Naperville when he received a call from a man who identified himself as Joey

===== Screenshot (542) -- Page 545 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Levy. He said he and his brother Steve wanted to take him out to lunch because
the information on Wallach's Dead Doctors Don't Lie audio cassette had helped
his brother reverse “an inoperable and terminal seven centimeter aortic aneurism
with the 90 essential nutrients” and they wanted to take Wallach out to lunch to
thank him.

Joey sent a limo to pick up Wallach and his four-member staff and related
the story. After the dinner, Joey's brother asked what he could do for Wallach in
return for saving his life, to which Wallach replied, “Fire your doctor.” Steve called
his secretary Christina and instructed her to fire his doctor of 20 years, upon
which Wallach said, “We are now even.”

In 2013 Steve Levy had a physical that included an angiogram, as he
historically had had a ninety-eight percent blockage of the main descending
coronary artery. The results of the angiogram showed that his artery was 100
percent clear and open!

In 2010 Wallach was giving lectures in Poplar Bluff, Missouri, and through
a mutual friend he was invited to meet with Dr. Jerry Murphy for a breakfast.
Murphy owned Gama Labs, a large medical laboratory that provided analytical
services for thousands of hospitals and medical offices throughout America each
day. Murphy was afflicted with serious brittle and uncontrolled type 2 diabetes.

Murphy, as the owner and operator of a large interstate medical laboratory,
had access to the most highly trained endocrinologists, the most cutting edge
diabetes research, and the most advanced medicines, was in trouble—he just
couldn't get his diabetes under control and stabilized.

Murphy said that he would give Wallach a chance to “show his stuff,” and if it
worked they would be best friends and he would put his staff on Wallach’s 90 for
Life nutritional program and self-insure for only the serious catastrophic diseases.
If Wallach failed, Murphy said he “would be determined to destroy Wallach
and roast him before medical groups everywhere.” Wallach agreed to Murphy's

challenge without hesitation, which literally startled Murphy.

To make a long story short, Wallach put Murphy on his standard “Healthy
Blood Sugar Pak" appropriate for his body weight, admonished Murphy to do a
fasting blood sugar test each morning before he medicated himself, and told him
to contact Wallach every two months with his fasting blood sugar and A1C lab
results.

Murphy followed Wallach’s instructions and had his blood work duplicated by
several of his own laboratories under a false name so that the results would not
be tainted and so that one test result could be compared with the result from
another lab.

Jerry Murphy’s Blood Sugar and AIC Test Results


Test Normal 4/14/2011 7/1/2011 12/21/2011 3/26/2012
Fasting glucose 74-106mg/dl 171 104 90 79
Hem. AIC 4.2-5.8% 73 58 4.86 4.36
BUN 9-23mg/dl 28 18 16 4
Creatinine 0.7-1.3 mg/dl 13 Ll 0.9 09
Blood pressure 110/70 155/95 135/85 115/75 110/70


It was obvious to the most ardent critic that Wallach’s program had reversed
Murphy's diabetes. And in keeping his part of the agreement, Murphy put his
employee's on Wallach's nutritional program and self-insured Gama Labs, which
saves Murphy's Gama Labs millions of dollars each year!

In February of 2012 Debbie Ramsey, one of Wallach’s associates, called and
informed him that her sister who lived in Italy had given birth to a small boy
named Skyler, who had a positive sweat test ("the genetic marker for cystic

===== Screenshot (543) -- Page 547 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

fibrosis") during the standard screen at birth for genetic diseases by the Meyer
University Hospital. She asked if there was anything that could be done for her
nephew.

Wallach recommended a gluten-free diet and the basic 90 essential nutrient
supplement program with extra selenium appropriate for body weight. In April
2012, two months later, a rerun of the sweat test was negative, and in June 2012,
two months after that, it remained negative. The diet and supplement program
had apparently reversed the “genetic marker” for cystic fibrosis.

===== Screenshot (544) -- Page 548 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN


Epigenetic Manifestations of Disease

There it was, arrayed before us, the instruction manual for making a
human. Anyone may read this manual—it is freely available on the Web. But
it is hardly worth the bother. The average Englishman may as well attempt
the Analects of Confucius in the original for all the wisdom it imparts. Even
geneticists find its contents baffling. When they scan the genome they find,
here and there, words whose meanings are clear enough. The meanings
of others can be guessed at, perhaps because they are cognates of more
familiar ones. Some of the grammar, the syntactical rules by which genes
combine to give their utterances meaning, is understood as well. But the
syntax of genes is vastly more complex, more subtle and nuanced, than that
of any language spoken by man. And though its literature is not exactly a
closed book, it is one we have scarcely begun to read.

—Armand Marie Leroi
MU(T)AN(T)S

On February 15, 2001, a team of international geneticists announced that they

had mapped out the human genome. Human reproduction, development, and life
span was driven by the language of some 30,000 genes.

To fully understand the language of the genes one must employ a Rosetta
Stone that can teach the alphabet, vocabulary, grammar, punctuation, syntax,
and structure of the biochemical sentence, paragraph, chapter, and book of the
DNA.

The reason that the successful functional employment of the “mapped out”
human genome has fallen short of hopes and expectations by the medical
community is that the geneticists have tried to understand the contents of the
DNA book by opening it to the last page, reading the last paragraph, spelling the
last word, and then shouting “Eureka!”

In fact, if one wants to understand human development and human disease
we have to look at the DNA book before the pen is put to paper. Life does not
begin at conception; it begins in the 23 chromosomes of the father and the 23
chromosomes of the mother. And of equal importance to the production of a
viable and anatomically and biochemically functional and “perfect” zygote is the
nutritional status of the DNA. To function properly, it is imperative for the DNA
to constantly have access to all 90 essential nutrients (60 minerals, 16 vitamins,
12 amino acids and 3 fatty acids), and each one must be available in optimal
amounts and in the proper ratios to each other. The DNA and the associated
genes are not independent, free-standing proteins that can work in a vacuum.
They each require energy, raw materials, and on/off switching co-factors.

Elements in Dry Nuclei, DNA and Mitochondria from Mammalian Tissue

===== Screenshot (545) -- Page 560 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS


Element Isolating, Nuclei Nuclear Mitochondria
(ppm) Solution DNA
Al Aqueous 170
Ca Non-aqueous 13500
Aqueous 210 250-2800
Aqueous 500
Aqueous 0.46
Aqueous 7 10 18
Aqueous 140 130 230
Non-aqueous 20400
Aqueous 8000 1000-7400
Non-aqueous 800
Aqueous 70-1100 330-5000
Aqueous 1-17 5.2
Aqueous 128000 136000 110000
Non-aqueous 6300
Aqueous 830-2100 370 190-810
Non-aqueous 25000 82000
Aqueous 3100
Aqueous 1500
Aqueous 3-140 95 39


From Wallach, J.D. and Ma, L. Rare Earths: Forbidden Cures, 1994

Understanding the Causes of Congenital
Disorders in Humans

If any disruption occurs in the availability of or access to these nutritional
elements for the proper functioning of the DNA and or genes, the zygote,
gastrula, embryo, and fetus will be dramatically affected, to possibly cause PKU,

enzyme system deficiencies, “inborn errors of metabolism,” Down syndrome,
cerebral palsy, cleft palate, neural tube defects, hernias, congenital deafness,
heart defects, kidney defects, genital defects, facial defects, limb and digit
defects, conjoined twins, gay behavior (as a result of hypoplasia of the pre-optic
hypothalamus), hermaphrodites, muscular dystrophy, cystic fibrosis, etc.

The first chapter of the DNA Book is entitled “Conception,” assuming a perfect
nutritional status of the zygote, it will, by the seventh day following conception,
begin to burrow itself into the endometrial lining of the uterus in search of
additional nutrition and oxygen. If all goes well, by the ninth day the cells
within the hollow embryonic ball will begin to differentiate into separate layers.
This process requires an enormous amount and an uninterrupted flow of specific
biochemical nutrition; any elemental deficiency at this point will be catastrophic
to the embryo.

The second chapter in the DNA book is entitled “Gastrulation” and is about
what occurs 13 days following conception when the embryonic ball is completely
immersed in the engorged endometrium and has begun the differentiation
process. Then the small cluster of cells within the ball is the pre-fetus, the
surrounding cells are becoming the placenta, umbilical cord, and the amniotic sac.
At this point the embryo is a simple disc; a groove appears, and this “primitive
streak” becomes functional, and migrating cells begin to gravitate to it like
lemmings responding to a call only heard by them; this process produces a three-
layer embryo, the gastrula.

The surface layer becomes the ectoderm (skin and central nervous system),
the middle layer becomes the mesoderm (muscle, bone, connective tissue) and
the inner layer, which becomes the endoderm, differentiates into the gastro-
intestinal tract, pancreas, spleen, liver, etc. Many body parts, organs, and tissues
are alloys and mosaics of the ectoderm and mesoderm (limbs, kidneys, breasts,
teeth, and genitalia). The embryo has now transitioned from a disc into a

===== Screenshot (546) -- Page 562 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

vertebrate. It has a head, a tail, ventral and dorsal aspects and a right and left
orientation.

At 18 days of age the embryo is a white oval disc approximately one millimeter
in length along its axis. There are no clearly defined organs at that point; however,
the three tissue layers and a definite geometry have emerged. Within 28 to 30
days the embryo is recognizable as human with a head, neck, spinal column, Gl
tract, and a heart. It forms a trough, then the edges fold together, and by the
23rd day it is to become a tube which evolves into the central nervous system (the
brain and spinal cord); the mesoderm at this point clearly surrounds the neural
tube to become the forty-four vertebrae, muscles, and the dermas of the skin;
the ventral surface of the embryo and its yolk sac is pulled up into the embryo
and evolves into the Gl tract; the right and left edges of the embryo join together
ventrally to form the abdominal cavity. It will soon become what William Harvey
described as “The Foundation of Life, the P


\ce of All, the Sun of the Microcosm,
on which all vegetation doth depend, from whence all Vigor and Strength doth
flow.” The myocardial cells begin to beat at 21 days.

According to historians, Cleopatra had a sequence of pregnant slave girls
executed and dissected to track the development of the human embryo in an
attempt to understand human development.

In March of 1512, Lucca Landucci, a Florentine apothecary, entered into his
diary: “It was evident what evil the monster's birth had meant for them! It seems
as if some great misfortune always befalls the city when such things are born.”


Landucci, himself, had not actually seen the “monster” as it had been ordered
starved to death by Julius Il, and so Landucci’s comments were based on drawings
of the infant's congenital malformations.

Printed drawings, woodcuts, and engravings spread the alarm of the monster's
birth, and as the news spread rapidly through Europe. Originally, the monster,
born in Ravenna, had two legs, but when it arrived in Paris only one remained; in

some drawings it had bat-like wings; in others the wings were more bird-like; the
monster had hermaphrodite genitalia.

Many drawings of the Ravenna monster evolved into a blend with another
monster that had been reported in Florence in 1506. In some drawings the
monster was combined with a medieval “icon of sinful humanity—Frau Welt —
a winged harpy who was depicted as clutching the earth in a talon-foot. Rumors
were that “the child-monster was the product of a respectable married woman",
other accounts professed that “the monster was the product of an affair between
a nun anda friar.”

The monster was born during a time when Northern Italy was at war;
Maximillian of Germany and Louis XII of France were warring against the
Spanish, English, and Pope Julius Il for control of the Venetian Republic. Village
after village was raped and burned as each army passed. Ravenna surrendered
eighteen days following the monster's birth.

Throughout the 16th and 17th centuries “monsters,” babies born with severe
congenital defects, were quite common. Royalty collected their mummies as
conversation pieces, biologist recorded them, and theologians wove them into
religious fairy-tails.

In 1523 Martin Luther and Philipp Melanchthon distributed a pamphlet which
reported a malformed “Monk-Calf” born in Freiburg and another monster that
had been hauled out of the Tiber River. It laid blame for the monster's appearance
on the “Roman Church's corruption.” The Catholic Church responded by claiming
that “the calf was in fact Luther."

In 1557 Conrad Lycosthenes of Germany published his book, Prodigiorum ac
ostentorum chronicum (The Doome, calling all men to judgment).

In 1560 Pierre Boaistuau of France published his book, Histories prodigieuses
(History of prodigies, 1560-1582). The book is filled with “demonic creatures,”
and in addition to a vivid description of the Monster of Ravenna it described the

===== Screenshot (547) -- Page 554 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Monster of Cracow, an infant born with "barking dog's heads mounted on its
elbows, chest and knees,” and four hours later as it died exclaimed, “Watch, the
Lord cometh.”

In 1573 Ambroise Paré published his book, Des monsters et prodigies (Monsters
and prodigies). Here a more “scientific” explanation for the appearance of
monsters is offered. Parisian surgeon Par'e catalogues the causes of monsters:
(1) the wrath of God; (2) having sex with animals, which would result in human/
animal hybrids; (3) sex during menstruation; (4) impressions, such as a pregnant
woman looking at an ugly sight during pregnancy; (5) too much or too little
semen, narrow womb, or indecency.

In 1616 Fortunio Leceti published his book, De monstrorum natura caussis et
differentiis (On the nature, causes and differences of monsters).

In 1642 Ulisse Aldrovandi published his book, Monstrorum historia (History of
monsters).

In the 16th and 17th centuries, religious expressions conflicted with secular
thinking. Revolution and schisms dominated the theological world and the
appearance of monsters (congenital birth defects) would be interpreted as a sign
of divine punishment or Satan's intervention.

William Harvey, following his documentation of the mechanics of the
circulation of blood, spent his time trying to determine how animals developed.
In 1642 Harvey documented the development of chick embryos. Harvey often
wrote on the causes of the births of monsters. He reinvestigated Aristotle's claim.
that chicks that hatched as monsters were the product of eggs with two yolks.

Sir Francis Bacon, a contemporary of Harvey, stated, "We must make a
collection of particular natural history of all the monsters and prodigious
products of nature, of every novelty, rarity, or abnormality.”

Rudolf Il and Frederick I! of Austria collected unusual products of nature
during the 16th century. Ulisse Aldrovandi, a naturalist, accumulated a collection

of oddities that reached 18 thousand specimens in his museum in Bologna.

Bacon was a physician-philosopher. In 1620 he wrote Novum organum in
which he classified natural history, and he stated that, “We should study deviant
instances, for once a nature has been observed in its variations, and the reason for
it has been made clear, it will be an easy matter to bring that nature by art to the
point it reached by chance.”

In 1890 the city of Amsterdam purchased Willem Vrolik’s anatomical
collection for the price of 12,000 guilders. It contained 5103 specimens including
the bodies and parts of 360 adults and infants that were afflicted with congenital
defects; some were articulated skeletons and others were preserved in alcohol or
formaldehyde.

The Vrolik collection is one of many teratological collections that were
assembled during the 18th and 19th centuries. There is also the Guy collection
in London, the Gordon collection held at St. Thomas's Hospital, the Hunterian
collection housed at the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons, the Mutter
collection found in Philadelphia, and Paris has Museum d'Histoire Naturelle and
the Orfila and Dupuytren collections.

Between 1844 and 1849 Willem Vrolik published a folio entitled, Tabulae
ad illustrandam embryogenesin hominis et mammalium tam naturalem quam
abnormem (Plates demonstrating normal and abnormal development in man and
mammals):

There is a cabinet containing children with acute failures in neural tube
fusion. Their backs are cleaved open and their brains spill from their skulls.
Across the gallery is a series of conjoined twins, one of which has a parasitic
twin almost as large as himself protruding from the roof of his mouth.
‘And next to them is a specimen labeled “Acardia amorphus," a skin-covered

===== Screenshot (548) -- Page 556 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

sphere with nothing to hint at the child it almost became except for a small
umbilical cord, a bit of intestine, and the rudiments of a vertebral column.

The teratological lithographs of the Vrolik collection feature human and animal
fetuses. The most unusual are those that have only one eye, a single eye located
in their forehead, and he named the defect after the Greek cosmology, Cyclops.
Vrolik had studied the cycloptic monster for more than ten years and published a
significant monograph on the subject. The Vrolik cyclops collection is comprised
of twenty-four specimens: eight pigs, ten lambs, five humans, and a kitten.

Instead of two separate brain hemispheres, the brain of a cycloptic child is
fused into a single non-divided whole called holoproencephaly. It is the most
common brain deformity of humans, appearing in 1:16,000 live births and 1: 200
miscarriages.

There are many events that can easily cause the cycloptic defect, such as
exposure of the embryo to heat, cold, radiation, hypoxia, ether, chloroform,
acetone, phenol, butyric acid, lithium chloride, retinoic acid, alcohol, or table salt.

In the 1950s an epidemic of cycloptic lambs in the western United States
was precipitated by pregnant ewes grazing on corn lilies, a subalpine plant that
produces an alkaloid. Diabetic and alcoholic mothers-to-be have an increased risk
of having a cycloptic child by 200 times.

In 1894 William Bateson published his book, Materials for the Study of
Variation: Treated with Especial Regard to Discontinuity in the Origin of the
Species, in which he coins the term “homeosis.” Homeosis is manifested by the
appearance of extra parts: babies with extra ears, heifers with extra teats, five-
winged moths, eight-legged beetles, and lobsters that have antennae where eyes
should be found.

The homeosis transformation concept led Bateson to the “calculator of fate.”
The calculator of fate was first observed in fruit flies. Fruit flies, in a similar

fashion to earthworms are built of segments. Segments in the adult fruit fly
are specialized; head segments feature labial palps (eating parts) and antennae
that provides the sense of smell; thoracic segments feature the wings, legs, and
halters (balance organs); the abdominal segments do not have any appendages.
Through an eighty-year period of study, geneticists have identified dozens of
mutations (homeotic genes) that disrupt the identities of the segments: legs on
the head, loss of the sense of smell, halters transformed into wings, four-winged
dipterans, wings that become halters that doom the fly to a terrestrial, flightless
life,

Human and animal limbs exhibit a high rate of congenital deformities; there
are more named congenital defects of limbs than for any other structure or
organ. There is the “lobster claw” syndrome; the “split-hand-split-foot” syndrome
(“ectrodactyly,” Greek for monstrous fingers); the Ostrich-Footed People (the
Wadoma people of the upper reaches of the Zambesi); polydactyly (extra
fingers and toes); syndactyly (webbed fingers and toes); limbs totally absent;
acheiropody (Greek for absence of the hands and feet); “seal-limb” (Thalidomide
teratogenesis).

Ernest Hemingway's cats were polydactylous and their polydactylous progeny
still live in the yard of his Key West house. Fifteen percent of the feral cats in
Boston are polydactylous. One in three thousand Europeans are polydactylous
and 1:30 Africans are polydactylous.

A catastrophic teratogenic event was reported in 1961. William McBride,
an Australian physician, reported an uptick in the rate of babies born with
congenitally deformed limbs. In just a few months, a German physician (Lenz),
reported a series of similar births. Both doctors believed that the defects were
caused by the use of a sedative (phtalimido-glutarimide) by the trade name
Thalidomide (the third-best selling pharmaceutical in Europe).

===== Screenshot (549) -- Page 568 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Because of the reports of “seal-limb,” a congenital limb defect produced by
the maternal use of Thalidomide in forty-six countries, the FDA refused to allow
its sale; however, the genie was out of the bottle in America. Millions of doses
of Thalidomide were given free to American women as part of a research and
development program.

The Thalidomide babies displayed a very specific form of limb defect. Different
from acheiropods, their limbs were not “amputated in the womb,” as many had
normal hands and feet, shoulder blades, and pelvis, but they were missing their
upper arms and forearms, which caused the hands and feet to become directly
attached to their torso.

Congenital events and birth defects of the central nervous system (those
occurring in cerebral palsy, Down syndrome, hydroencephalaloceol, neural tube
defects, gayness, etc.), for the most part are manifestations of a maternal
nutritional deficiency during a certain point in time of early embryonic
development.

More difficult to understand than the physical birth defects are the
biochemical defects (inborn errors of metabolism, cystic fibrosis, muscular
dystrophy, etc.), behavioral, learning and emotional defects that are preventable
with optimal preconception nutrition for the embryo. The principals for
preventing the “Bad Seeds," the children with emotional and learning defects,
are the same as those for preventing the physical birth defects. Children without
a conscience (sociopaths), violent behavior, dyslexia, retardation, fetal alcohol
or drug syndrome, ADD, ADHD, autism, and congenital homosexuality are all
preventable for a few pennies per pregnancy, but expensive and difficult to deal
with medically and politically after the fact.

The Prevention and Cure for So-

Called “Genetic” Diseases


In fact, there are dozens of human diseases classified as “genetic” that can be
prevented, and in the early stages reversed or “cured,” with the supplementation
of specific minerals. Five very good examples of “genetic” diseases that can be
prevented and cured are type 2 diabetes, Huntington's disease, cystic fibrosis,
muscular dystrophy, and Kawasaki Disease.

Type 2 Diabetes

Type 2 diabetes should be the number one shame of the medical system in the
20th century. Type 2 diabetes is easy to prevent and treat and easy to cure.
There is no need for the terrible side effects and complications of blindness,
hypertension, amputations, early death, and so forth.

Since 1958 it has been well documented that supplementation of the 90
essential nutrients along with chromium and vanadium to an otherwise perfect
diet will prevent and cure hypoglycemia, reactive hypoglycemia (narcolepsy),
hyperinsulinemia, and type 2 diabetes. Walter Mertz, the director of the U.S.D.A.
field services, published the results of his research in Federation Proceedings
that showed clearly that an entire medical specialty (endocrinology) would be
wiped out by universally adding chromium to an otherwise perfect diet. Type 2
diabetes is not a genetically-transmitted disease—it is in fact a simple mineral
deficiency!

In 1985 the medical school at the University of Vancouver, BC, Canada, stated
that “vanadium will replace insulin therapy for adult onset diabetics.”

In contrast to this, in the United States in 2012, instead of pennies to eliminate
type 2 diabetes by a simple supplementation program, the medical approach
of genetics, pharmaceutical therapies, and surgery costs the American economy

===== Screenshot (550) -- Page 560 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

more than $245 billion or one quarter of a trillion dollars yearly, a 41% increase
from $174 billion in 2007.

The Centers for Disease Control and the American Diabetes Association
reported in 2013 that almost 26 million American children and adults have
diabetes (8.3% of total U.S. population); 18.8 million are diagnosed and 7 million
are undiagnosed.

There are two major types of diabetes (type 2 and type 1). In adults, type
2 accounts for 95% of all diagnosed cases; 79 million more Americans are pre-
diabetics.

‘Symptoms of diabetes include thirst, hunger, fatigue, blurry vision, delayed
healing of wounds, and frequent urination. Individuals who are obese, seniors,
and have a family history of diabetes are at a higher risk; additionally African
Americans, Mexican Americans. and Native Americans are at increased risk.

In April 2013 a published study in the journal Diabetes Care reported that
the direct medical costs totaled $176 billion, reflecting hospital and emergency
care, office visits, and medications. Indirect costs added up to $69 billion, which
included absenteeism, reduced and lost productivity, and unemployment caused
by diabetes-related disability. The study also noted that, government insurance,
including Medicaid, Medicare, and the Veteran's Administration covered 62.4% of
the costs of diabetes care; private insurance covered 34.4%, and 3.2% was paid
by the uninsured.

Cystic Fibrosis

Cystic fibrosis (CF) is an important, potentially fatal disease of animals and
humans, which was originally thought to be transmitted by a simple Mendelian
genetic defect limited to white populations of Central and Eastern European
origin; today CF has been diagnosed in virtually all peoples of the earth including

Blacks, Chinese, Asians, Native Americans, Hispanics, etc.

In 1977 Wallach discovered and documented the first non-human case of CF
in a rhesus monkey at the Yerkes Primate Research Center at Emory University
in Atlanta, Georgia. His discovery was at first lauded by Emory University and
an official news release was sent to all of the major media. As soon as
Wallach revealed that CF was actually a nutritional deficiency of the trace-
mineral selenium that could be prevented, reversed, and cured with supplemental
selenium, he was summarily terminated from his position as a pathologist at the
Yerkes facility in April of 1978.

In the 1980s a concerted effort to identify “the CF gene” led to three claims
of the gene's discovery. However, after close scrutiny, the earlier two claims were
discounted by the general scientific community because the studies were based
on linked DNA markers whose exact relationship to CF were not certain; the third
claim (September 8. 1989, Science) is of particular interest because the authors
estimate only 46% accuracy in identifying CF in patients from families without a
previous history of CF and a 68% accuracy in identifying CF patients in families
with a history of CF. The authors go on to state that “it is probable that this
condition (CF) is also determined by other genetic or non-genetic factors” and
that “the basic biochemical defect of CF is yet to be defined.”

The misunderstanding and ignorance about the cause and treatment of cystic
fibrosis is “the crime of the 20th century," second only to our lack of knowledge
of type 2 diabetes, and that is only because diabetes affects millions of Americans
and CF affects thousands each year.

Classically, the diagnosis of CF is made by employing any two of four
recognized criteria, but most clinicians are reluctant to make a diagnosis of CF
without a positive sweat test.

===== Screenshot (551) -- Page 562 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Four Criteria for the Clinical Diagnosis of Cystic Fibrosis


Exocrine pancreatic insufficiency
Bronchiectasis/asthma

Positive sweat test

Family history of CF


From Wallach, J.D. and Ma, L. Rare Earths: Forbidden Cures, 1994

The sweat test has been elevated by medical dogma to “the genetic marker/
diagnostic test" for CF, yet there are no less than eighteen known diseases and
syndromes that also give a positive sweat test, leading at least one group of
investigators from the Cleveland Rainbow Children’s Hospital to refer to "CF as a
syndrome (collection of diseases) rather than a disease.”

Diseases and Syndromes That Reported Positive Sweat Test


Adrenal insufficiency

Ectodermal dysplasia

Nephrogenic diabetes insipidus
Glucose-6-phosphate deficiency
Pupillatonia/autonomic dysfunction
Allergies

Calcifying pancreatitis

Anorexia nervosa

Cystic fibrosis

Focal hepatic cirrhosis

Defect in prostaglandin metabolism

Hypothyroidism
Fucosidosis
Mucopolysaccharidosis
Malnutrition
Kwashiorkor

Diabetes

Gluten intolerance


From Wallach, J.D. and Ma, L. Rare Earths: Forbidden Cures, 1994

Initially described in 1933, CF was originally thought to be the result of
avitaminosis A (a vitamin A deficiency), because of specific vitamin A deficiency
changes found in a subgroup of young patients diagnosed clinically with celiac
disease.

In 1938 the term “cystic fibrosis” was coined because of a cellular atrophy in
the pancreas that reminded the pathologist of “cysts” when viewed under the
microscope.

In 1952 the fact that congenital CF occurred in newborns in a significant
number of CF patients was established.

The genetic theory of CF transmission was suggested by the congenital nature
of CF, as described in two previously published papers. The first, a publication
that appeared in 1913, was a case report of two children from a family of five
who were born to a couple who were first cousins. One child died at the age of
eleven months from dehydration and diarrhea (no autopsy was performed); the
second was an eight-year-old child who had diarrhea at the time of the article's,
appearance. The author theorized that the clinical problem was “an inborn error
of fat metabolism” and “probably the result the result of a simple Mendelian
gene defect.” This “from the hip" theory was enough to make the medical system
dogmatically classify CF as a genetic disease!

===== Screenshot (552) -- Page 564 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

The second paper of interest to the proponents of the genetic theory of CF
transmission was an epidemiological study of 232 Australian families, in which
24.3% were diagnosed with CF. Six sets of twins, three identical and three
fraternal, failed to shed clear light on the proposed genetic transmission.

It was well established by 1975 that the rate and severity of the pancreatic,
liver, heart, lung and intestinal changes in CF, as well as the appearance of the
positive sweat test were age and time related.

‘Age and Time as Factors in the Seve!


'y of Laboratory Changes in CF


Tissue Newborn 2-3 years 6-12 years Adult
Pancreas 75% ++ +t 85%
Liver 34% 26.8% 29.5% 29.5%
Lung 0% 50% 85% 100%
Heart 0% + + +H
Intestine 75% ++ +H 100%
Sweat test (+) 25% 85% 85% 85%


From Wallach, J.D. and Ma. L. Rare Earths: Forbidden Cures, 1994

In 1978 the first universally accepted diagnosis of non-human CF was made
(by Wallach) from the pancreas and liver of an infant rhesus monkey. The original
CF monkey and two unrelated age peers (diagnosed with pancreatic and liver
biopsy) were created iatrogenically (accidentally) by a selenium-deficient diet fed
to a normal breeding group of monkeys at the Yerkes Regional Primate Research
Center destined for NASA space programs.

Wallach’s diagnosis of CF in the rhesus monkey was confirmed by pediatric
pathologists, considered to be experts on CF, from Grady Memorial Hospital,
Emory University, Atlanta, GA; Department of Pathology, Johns Hopkins School


of Medicine, Baltimore, MD; Department of Pathology, Chicago-Lying-In Hospital,
School of Medicine, University of Chicago.

Initially there was great excitement by everyone, including representatives
of the CF Foundation until they learned that the CF in the monkeys could be
reproduced with a selenium deficient diet. When the proposal was put forth that
the pathognomonic (unique identifying changes) pancreatic lesions of CF, as well
as the liver and heart changes (hypertrophic cardiomyopathy) of CF, were in fact
the result of a prenatal selenium deficiency, everyone came unglued, claiming "CF
was a genetic disease and that was that!”

Wallach’s original proposal that CF could be caused by a prenatal selenium
deficiency was based on a computer literature search of veterinary journals for
tissue changes of pure selenium deficiency in a variety of laboratory species
and on Wallach’s personal observations of the pancreas, liver, heart, etc, of
the selenium-deficient monkeys. Wallach found unique pancreatic changes in a
rhesus monkey that were consistent with the diagnosis of CF; however, there had
never been an animal diagnosed with CF and the disease was considered a genetic
defect found in humans only.

In 1958 important nutrition papers were published presenting the rat and
mouse as models for the essentiality of selenium in nutrition. In 1972 the
chick model for selenium deficiency was introduced. In the case of the chicks,
congenital selenium deficiency produced the most CF-like lesions in the pancreas.
When these selenium deficient chicks were given selenium in the first 30 days
after hatching the pancreatic lesions were 100% reversible.

A review of over 350 published autopsy reports of CF patients revealed
79 reports of a unique cardiomyopathy identical with the cardiomyopathy of
Chinese children in Keshan Province of the Peoples Republic of China. The
cardiomyopathy in China was identified with and related to a selenium deficiency
of the soil in Keshan Province by WHO.

===== Screenshot (553) -- Page 566 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

In 1990 Wallach and Ma performed and reviewed 1,700 autopsy cases of
Keshan Disease (KSD) in Chinese children under the age of ten years, and they
observed pancreatic, liver, heart, and lung problems consistent with CF in 595 or
35%, and 100% displayed the classical lesions of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy
and changes consistent with muscular dystrophy (MD).

Large-scale Chinese double blind supplementation studies confirmed the
original theory of a selenium deficiency as the cause of KSD.

From 1974 to 1977, preschool and school-age children were divided into
two groups. Group one was made up of 36,603 children whose diets were
supplemented with 1 mg of sodium selenite orally three times per week; group
two was a control group of 9,430 children given a sugar tablet placebo.

‘At the end of the three year study, the rate of KSD in the selenium
supplemented group dropped from 13/1,000 children to 1/1,000 children;
the rate of KSD in the control group remained at 13/1,000. Continued long-
term studies, eventually involving over 500,000 participants, confirmed that
supplemental selenium was specific for the prevention and cure of KSD.

Muscular Dystrophy

Affliction with Muscular dystrophy (MD) is another crime against the American
people by the medical doctors for reasons of money. If the total truth is that MD
is a simple selenium-deficiency disease and totally preventable and curable with
a gluten-free diet, a supplement program built on the 90 essential nutrients and
featuring extra selenium supplementation, and that as a result there could be an
elimination of MD, an entire medical specialty would be wiped out.

As crazy as it seems on the surface, compare the “genetic” approach to human
MD with the search for the genomic repair mechanism to the veterinary industry
approach to MD (white muscle disease aka: muscular dystrophy) where muscle

(meat) is “King” (.e., pork chops, beef steak, lamb chops, roasts, ground red meat,
chicken, turkey, etc.). Muscular dystrophy (MD) known as white muscle disease,
stiff lamb disease, and mulberry heart disease (KSD in pigs), have been wiped
out in the veterinary industry by the simple supplementation of selenium to
a complete nutritionally-perfect preconception ration for pregnant females and
rapidly growing newborn animals.

In addition to the overt selenium deficiencies in the American diet, the loss
of the intestinal villi associated with a gluten intolerance frequently results in an
inability to efficiently absorb selenium even if it is in the diet. The best assurance
of an adequate selenium supply for a fetus to avoid CF, MD, and KSD, is for the
mother to be supplemented prior to conception with all 90 essential nutrients
with additional chelated selenium (selenomethionine) or plant derived colloidal
selenium; and where appropriate a gluten-free diet should be employed by the
mother-to-be to maximize the absorption of the selenium. You are not what you
eat, you are what you absorb.

Prevention is the name of the game for MD; the selenium levels in the diets
and supplements of preconception women is important to the maintenance of
pregnancy as well as the prevention of MD in all of its forms (i.e., Duchenne [legs
and back], Erb [scapulohumeral], Becker's [benign juvenile], and Gowers (hands
and feet)), which are in reality artificial classifications of MD by groups of muscles
initially affected by random chance at diagnosis.

Keshan disease (i.e, KSD, hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, heart muscular
dystrophy, mulberry heart disease, etc.) that is also caused by a selenium
deficiency should be added to the list of preventable and treatable forms of
muscular dystrophies.

In the November 2012 issue of Men’s Journal, an article entitled “Why Are
Triathletes Dying?" noted that over the previous nine years 43 competitors had
died in USA Triathlon-sanctioned events, six in 2012 alone. Doctors attributed the

===== Screenshot (554) -- Page 568 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

triathlon deaths to pre-existing and often undiagnosed heart conditions, such as
hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM), a thickening of the heart's ventricles. “The
most common finding is an unknown heart problem, which would predispose an
athlete to having sudden arrhythmia on race day," says Dr. Lawrence Creswell, a
heart surgeon on USA Triathlon's panel. “For many athletes, the swim is the most
stressful part of the race for the heart.” In fact, hypertrophic cardiomyopathy,
sudden heart death of athletes, is KSD and is caused by a simple deficiency
of the trace element selenium. Supplement a complete 90 nutrient program
with extra selenium and the athlete can live. Failure to supplement a high-
performance athlete with additional selenium can increase one’s risk of a
sudden heart death significantly.


Kawasaki Disease, thought by the medical community to be a genetically-
transmitted disease, is in fact a congenital copper deficiency that has two parts.
The human infant born with Kawasaki Disease is born with a congenital coronary
artery aneurysm (a separation of the middle and inner layers of the artery or
a ballooning of a weakened coronary artery), which is in fact initiated by a
congenital copper deficiency, copper being required to manufacture and maintain
elastic fibers in arteries as well as other tissues.

The second part of Kawasaki Disease is a Streptococcal bacterial invasion of
the aneurysm site. Streptococcal infection will set up in the damaged artery wall
following a leakage of bacteria into the blood stream following a strep throat
infection or sloppy dental work. Kawasaki Disease is totally preventable with a
preconception supplementation of all 90 essential nutrients, additional copper,
and antibiotics.

Homosexuality

Homosexuality has long been thought to be an emotional and/or environmental
aberration created in the child by improper role models and improper parenting,
etc; then homosexuality was relegated to a “choice of sexual preference.”

There is now a kaleidoscope of sexual behaviors, choices, and displays;
however, none of the members of this ever-growing subculture can refute the
fact that there are only two sexes: male and female,

A series of preventable embryologic congenital events frequently result in
physical and/or emotional and behavioral aberrations. These congenital events
can result in individuals who are asexual, who are neither male nor female, or
who could be both male and female at once, forming five commonly accepted
classifications.

Less understood is the increasing frequency of “gay” individuals who are fertile
and physically normal males or females.

In first discussing congenital events, “intersex” is the medical term used
to describe the term hermaphrodite. A female hermaphrodite might possess
one testicle and one ovary, a male pseudo hermaphrodite could have testicles
and some recognizable female genitalia but lack ovaries, and a female pseudo
hermaphrodite may have ovaries and some noticeable features of male genitalia
but no testicles.

The high profile sexual conversion of “Christine Jorgenson” opened the taboo
subject of intersexuals to the general public. At the 1972 Olympic Games, held
in Munich, Germany, all female athletes were subjected to a chromosome test.
A hair from their head was used to determine their genetic sex and “female”
athletes with the male chromosome pattern were disqualified. Two famous
Russian “sisters” (Tamara Press, the world champion shot putter and Irina Press,

===== Screenshot (555) -- Page 570 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

the world champion pentathelon athlete) retired from world competition when
the chromosome test was made an Olympic requirement.

John Money of Johns Hopkins University, a specialist in the field of congenital
sexual organ defects (defects that are present at birth and are related to mineral
or vitamin deficiencies of the embryo), states that “intersexuals can constitute as
many as four percent of all births.”

Very few intersexuals maintain their faulty dichotomy of sex, and most are
identified at birth and placed in programs of hormonal and surgical corrections
to enable them to blend into the heterosexual society as normal physical and
behavioral males and females. The goals of these programs are clearly non-
judgmental and humanitarian and are to be applauded; however, grave mistakes
are made as the genetic gender based on the presence of Barr bodies (the
female X chromosome) in blood smears do not always coincide with the
brain's perception of gender because of concurrent congenital events relating to
hypoplasia of the preoptic hypothalamus.

An October 31, 2013, article in The Wall Street Journal, “Countries
Expand Recognition for Alternative ‘Intersex’ Gender,” lists Switzerland, Finland,
Australia, European Union, and Germany as countires that can delay corrective
surgery until children are ten years old or older so they can make their own
choice.

However, the social and surgical problems of intersexuals could be totally
avoided by providing a proper and complete preconception nutritional program
for the embryo.

The term “hermaphrodite” is a connection of the Greek male Hermes
and the female Aphrodite. Greek mythology tells of the gods that produced
Hermaphrodites, who at age 15 (puberty), fell in love with a nymph and fused his
body with hers. Hermaphrodites was a description of a male hermaphrodite who
was born over 2,000 years ago.

In many true hermaphrodites, the testicles and ovaries develop separately but
equally on the right and left sides; in some, the gonads fuse forming an “ovo-
testes.” Frequently, at least one of the gonads functions, producing sperm or ova
as well as the appropriate male and/or female hormones.

Pseudo hermaphrodites have the same two gonads, either testicles or ovaries,
in concert with the male (XY) or the female (XX) chromosome complement.

Male pseudo hermaphrodites have testicles and XY chromosomes, yet they
also have a vagina and a clitoris and at puberty develop breasts. They do not cycle
or menstruate.

Female pseudo hermaphrodites have ovaries, XX chromosomes, and
sometimes a uterus, but they also have some external genital features of the
male.

Because of the wide biological variation in these congenital defects, there
is no classification system that describes each and every recorded anatomical
intersexual. In 1969 Paul Guinet of the Endocrine Clinic, Lyons, France, and
Jacques Decount of the Endocrine Clinic, Paris, listed 98 different types of true
hermaphrodites, based on the appearances of external genitalia and associated
tubes and ducts. In some, the intersexual showed strong female development
with separate openings for the vagina and urethra and a cleft vulva with both
large and small labia (vaginal lips). At puberty they developed breasts and began
to cycle and menstruate; however, their oversized and sexually sensitive “clitoris”
when aroused looked and functioned as a penis.

A second type of hermaphrodite exhibits breasts and a feminine body, and
they also menstruate; however, their labia and vulva fuse, forming a well-defined
scrotum, and the phallus (clitoris/penis) can reach almost three inches long.
The most frequent type of true hermaphrodite (55%) described by the French
investigation have a masculine body, and their urethra runs through or near the
phallus, which is anatomically formed into a penis.

===== Screenshot (556) -- Page 572 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

According to historians, Plato is the only recognized authority to have
surmised that there were "three sexes (male, female, and hermaphrodite).”

‘According to Plato, members of the human race were originally joined in
pairs, two men, two women, and a man/women pair. "Zeus cut each pair apart
‘to diminish their power and to teach them to fear the gods. Humans thus spend
their time on the earth searching for their other half, with whom they can merge
in love.”

“The disposition of these people differed,” Plato wrote, “according to the
original pairing: those whose sex had been mixed were obsessed by coupling and
often became adulterers, whereas people sprung from single-sex pairs were more
fitted for the everyday business of the world. In particular men whose bond was
with another man were most suited for government and leadership!” Thus Plato
gave the first interpretation of the origin of homosexual behavior.

In ancient times, the penalty for those poor souls with congenital intersex
birth defects could be death. In the 1600s a Scottish hermaphrodite living as a
women was buried alive as a witch after getting “her” bosses’ daughter pregnant.

In 1937 Hugh H. Young, a urologist at Johns Hopkins, published "Genital
abnormalities, Hermaphroditism and Related Adrenal Diseases," in which he
accumulated many cases of intersexual “accidents of birth.”

One of the intersexual cases Young cited was a hermaphrodite, Emma, a
“female” who had a penis-sized clitoris and a vagina which made it possible
for this intersexual to have sex with heterosexual men and women. As a teen,
Emma had sex with several females, and at nineteen she married a heterosexual
man; however, “her” sexual relationship with "her" husband gave “her” very little
pleasure, so Emma kept several girl friends on the side.

In 1967 Dr. Christopher J. Dewhurst and Dr. Ronald R. Gordon wrote “The
Intersexual Disorders," in which they stated, “Intersexual infants are a tragic event
which immediately conjures up visions of someone doomed to live always as

sexual freaks in loneliness and frustration.”

Veterinarians have a lot of experience with normal animals that have unusual
sexual anatomy and also abnormal congenital defects as a result of embryonic
nutritional deficiencies.

Marsupials, such as kangaroos, wallabies and mouse opossums, for example,
normally have three vaginas. Sperm may ascend any or all of the two lateral or
central vaginas, and the babies or joeys may be “born” through any of them.
To prove this novel anatomical genitalia actually worked equally with any of the
three vaginas, Wallach assisted one Australian biologist by tying off and surgically
removing the lateral and central vaginas in several female mouse opossums, had
them bred, and proved that fertility and normal birth could occur through any
one of the three vaginas.

The duck-billed platypus is a mammal that lays eggs in a nest.

Many species of animals have multiple baby litters that results in the embryos
competing for nutrition. The more limited the nutrition, the greater number of
embryos that are negatively affected (by having runts) and the more severe the
birth defects will be. Every known congenital defect of the sexual organs of man
has been recorded in many species of animals (frequently, many different defects
can occur in the same liter if adequate micronutrients are not available).

“Freemartin’ is a term given to female animals born as a fraternal twin of
males; 80% of those reported occur in cattle and 5% in sheep and goats. The
freemartin or martin heifer is infertile and frequently will have congenital defects
of the genitalia, and they display masculine behavior. Genetically, the animal
is chimeric: karyotyping of a sample of cells shows XX/XY chromosomes. It is
postulated by the proponents of a genetic cause that “the freemartin originates
as a female (XX), but acquires the male (XY) component in utero by exchange
of cellular material from its male twin, through vascular connections between
placentas.” Externally, the freemartin is anatomically a female; however, a variety

===== Screenshot (557) -- Page 574 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

of female reproductive developments are changed as a result of acquisition
of “anti-Mullerian hormone” from the male twin. Freemartins are a common
outcome of mixed-sex fraternal twins in all cattle species and toa lesser degree in
sheep, goats, and swine.

The 18th century physician John Hunter discovered that a freemartin always
has a male twin, It was hypothesized early in the 20th century that masculinizing
factors travel from the male twin to the female twin through the vascular
connections of the placenta because of the vascular fusion and effect on the
internal genital anatomy of the female.

Several researchers made the discovery that a freemartin occurs when the
female fetus has its chorion fuse in the uterus with that of a male twin. The
findings were published in 1916 by Tandler and Keller. The discovery was also
made by American biologist Frank R. Lillie, who published his findings in Science
in 1916.

In the Aldous Huxley novel, Brave New World, a “freemartin” referred to in
chapters 1, 3, 11 and17 is a woman who has been deliberately rendered sterile by
exposure to male hormones during fetal development. In the book, government
policy requires freemartins to make up 70% of the female population.

The Robert A. Heinlein novel Beyond This Horizon lists “the clever and
repulsively beautiful pseudo-feminine freemartins" as one of the genetically
engineered specialist forms of humans that were created in the “Empire of the
Great Khans" (Chapter 2).

In the Robert A, Heinlein novel Farnham’s Freehold, the protagonist, Hugh
Farnham, is given a companion (bedwarmer) who is listed as a natural freemartin.

In David Cohler's crime novel, Freemartin, an FtM transgender man is a
murderer.

In the Avram Davidson novel, The House the Blakeneys Built, the cattle are
freemartins.

In Christopher Rowley's fantasy book series, Basil Broketail, freemartins are a
breed of sterile female dragons.

In the Larry Niven and Jerry Pournelle novel, Football, a slender woman
questions her sexuality as to whether or not she is a freemartin.

The Alfred Kinsey Report in the 1940s and 1950s listed homosexuals as "4% to
10% of the American population.” More recently, Dr. Richard Pillard, a psychiatrist
from Boston University, says “4% of males and 2 to 3% of females in the United
States are gay.” Overseas, the latest reports indicate that “in Great Britain the
level of gay individuals has possibly reached 25% of the total population in
the 90s." The gradual increase in the percentage of gays in America and other
industrialized nations of the world parallels the gradual decrease in the mineral
content in our farm and range soils and therefore a decrease in the mineral
content of our food supply.

"Gay" behavior also occurs in animals kept through puberty in same sex
groups, similar to opportunistic homosexual behavior that takes place in prison.

The current focus on the “gay” phenomena has moved from that of a learned
behavior or a “lifestyle choice” to that of a prenatal biological event, in other
words, a preventable congenital event caused by a deficiency of minerals and or
vitamins in early pregnancy. This 180 degree change in thinking resulted from
the finding of a common physical change in the brains of gay men. This change
of thinking actually started in the1970s when German doctors felt that an area
of the pre-optic area of the hypothalamus in the brain of homosexual men was
abnormal and they tried with surgical procedures to normalize the defect. The
Germans were not successful and the study was abandoned.

Pillard looked at 50 straight men and 50 gay men and found that gay men
had significantly more gay brothers. He joined forces with Michael J. Bailey, a
psychologist at Northwestern University, Chicago, and they found that only 52%
of the identical twins of gay men were gay themselves (proving that gay behavior

===== Screenshot (558) -- Page 577 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

is not genetic, for if it were genetic 100% of the identical gay twins would have to
be gay!); 22% of gay men’s fraternal twin brothers and other biological brothers
were gay, while less than 10% of adopted brothers were gay.

“It is a mistake to think there is a gay gene” says Dean Hamer, a geneticist at
the National Cancer Institute.

Simon LeVay, heads of the Institute of Gay and Lesbian Studies in West
Hollywood, California is well known for finding anatomical brain differences
between gay and straight men.

In autopsy studies, LeVay found that an area in the brain of the pre-optic
area of the hypothalamus (center of sexual appetite and sex drive) is smaller in
homosexual men than it is in heterosexual men.

In 1990 LeVay compared cells from the medial pre-optic region of the
hypothalamus (third interstitial nucleus of the anterior hypothalamus) from 19
homosexual men (all of whom had died of AIDS).

A primary concern with LeVay's study was the fact that some of the men
had died of AIDS, which can affect and destroy brain cells. However, other cell
collections in the brains of gay men in the study were identical in size and
character with those of heterosexual men.

Another brain feature that shows a difference between homosexual and
heterosexual men is the size of the anterior commissure, a bundle of nerve fibers
that connects the right and left sides of the brain. The anterior commissure is
smallest in the heterosexual man and of identical size in gay men and women.
The two physical differences in the brains of homosexual and heterosexual
men are in all likelihood the result of a congenital malformation event of the
physical structure and or a biochemical deficiency event—again resulting from a
congenital deficiency of minerals.

Roger A. Gorski at UCLA in1978 identified the pre-optic hypothalamic nuclei
in rats that controlled sexual appetite. In addition to size differences in male

and female cell groups, Gorski found that male hormones play a key role in
producing the size difference in males and females. Initially, males and females
have the same size and number of cells in the pre-optic area, but a surge of


testosterone secreted by the male fetus before birth appears to stabilize these
cell populations. In females the lack of the testosterone surge allows them to
atrophy. Removing testosterone from adult males by castration does not cause a
shrinking of the cells!

Combined with the study of identical twins that failed to show a genetic
pattern (the rate of both identical twins being homosexual would have to be
100%), the LeVay study is a sure indication that gay behavior is a congenital
deficiency event rather than a genetic defect or a lifestyle choice. The gay person
becomes gay early in the formation of the embryonic brain!

A parallel study of 147 gay women who had identical twin sisters showed only
48% who have twins that are gay, and 16% of fraternal twins of gay women are
gay, while only 6% of adopted sisters are gay—approximately the same results as
was reported in the identical twin study in gay men.

Simon LeVay's findings agree with the German studies of the 1970s. When
viewed in the light of known physical and behavioral sexual defects in animals
from multiple embryo litters suffering from congenital mineral and vitamin
deficiencies (rats with 14 embryos to freemartins in cattle with fraternal twins)
where embryos compete for limited nutrition, the high percentage (but not total)
of gay twins in identical and fraternal twins is understandable. Human twins are
competing with each other for limited resources to a greater degree than single
embryos. Therefore, more congenital defects in multiple births.

It is an easy mental leap to perceive that one should be able to prevent
the congenital hermaphrodite and the intersexual as well as the gay embryo
hypothalamic events with complete preconception nutrition with 90 essential
nutrients including minerals (zinc, manganese, magnesium, gallium, copper, etc.),

===== Screenshot (559) -- Page 579 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

vitamins (Bj9, folic acid, vitamin A, etc.), amino acids, and essential fatty acids.
This can perhaps best be described as insurance against the production of all
congenital events including homosexual embryos.

Wallach has interviewed hundreds of gay men and women and found that
in each case the mother of the gay male or female was in nutritional distress
during their pregnancy. The women either had gluten intolerance (low efficiency
of absorption), were alcoholics, or had low income with reduced access to healthy
food, or failed to use prenatal vitamins and minerals, etc.

Wallach’s survey also showed that the gay individuals knew they were gay
somewhere between the ages of six to ten years of age indicating that gay
behavior is not a choice, but rather the gay individual is driven to be gay by a
congenital event or misstep of brain development and chemistry, thus making it
impossible to “pray away” or “coach away” gay behavior.

Eugenics

Alexander Graham Bell, the inventor of the telephone, turned his creative mind
to the science of eugenics. Bell dabbled with animal breeding to


prove his
livestock and his crowning glory was sheep with four teats instead of two.

He devoted his efforts in his senior years to the “genetics of deafness.” In fact,
congenital deafness is produced by a maternal manganese deficiency.

Bell turned his interest in genetics and eugenics to the “genetics of human
longevity.” Bell wanted to create a “human stud-book," although he did not
condone sterilization or extermination of “lesser beings” to advance the human
species. Instead he believed he could provide a “dating service" based on beauty,
intelligence, and longevity.

Bell believed his “dating service” would allow individuals to seek (in a very
scientific way) the perfect mate and “fall in love and breed.” Over time this

directed “evolution” that employed conscious trait selection would “improve” the
looks, intelligence, and longevity of the human race, as man has done with the
practice of improving livestock by inbreeding to increase the rate of appearance
of desired traits.

In fact the obsessive practice of a combination of perfect biochemical
nutrition, a calorie-restricted diet, and an avoidance of inflammatory free radicals
(trans-fatty acids, heterocyclic amines, and acrylamides) will eliminate all birth
defects and guarantee an increased lifespan by thirty to 100 percent!

Obesity

Despite the fact that America spends more for health care annually than all other
nations combined, as of 2013 the only health category that the United States is
ranked number one is obesity.

Obesity is universally believed to have a genetic cause and that it can only be
dealt with by means of gastric by-pass, exercise, and vigilant calorie and portion
control. None of these beliefs are correct.

In 1980, 15% of adults in America were obese. In 2000 the obesity rate
popped up and more than doubled to 30.5%, and by 2012 the rate had crept up
to 40%. It is obvious to the casual observer that the medical theory that obesity is
due to “eating too much and lack of exercise” and the practice of obesity control
with drugs and surgery had failed.

The belief that exercise could prevent and control weight gain and obesity was
dashed in January 2009, when Chicago's Loyola University School of Medicine
declared that “exercise won't cure obesity.” The practitioners of bariatric medicine
(weight loss specialists) who fought the study were forced to relent after a critical
review of the data showed that the original conclusion was correct. In August

===== Screenshot (560) -- Page 581 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

of 2009 a cover article in Time magazine declared “The Myth About Exercise:
Exercise won't make you lose weight.”

Obesity is not a genetically-generated disease, not a result of lack of exercise,
and not a disease that can be attributed soley to overeating. Obesity is in fact
caused by a deficiency of minerals that universally manifests symptomatically as
cravings, binge eating, munchies and pica! In 1994 Wallach and Ma published
their original review on obesity in the book Rare Earths: Forbidden Cures, and in
2006 Wallach and Ma published their definitive findings on obesity in a landmark
book entitled Hell’s Kitchen.

Dementia

Dementia manifests itself as a minimum of four different diseases. Sometimes,
individuals will have some degree of two, three, or all four of the classic
dementias at the same time:

1. Vascular dementia occurs when the cerebral arteries become
obstructed with atherosclerosis and/or arteriosclerosis. The cause of
these obstructions is inflammation of the arterial lining (intima) by the
same forces that also obstruct coronary, ocular, and renal arteries.

The occlusion occurs when the antioxidant levels in the diet are
low and the arteries are exposed to inflammation as a result of


the consumption of fried foods, processed meats, oils, and gluten.
The nutritional therapy approach includes stopping the ongoing
inflammation by creating an elimination diet that avoids inflammatory
foods, supplementing with all 90 essential nutrients, antioxidants, and
providing significant vascular care.

2. Korsakoff’s syndrome occurs as part of the BeriBeri (thiamine or vitamin

B, deficiency) collection of diseases. The disease can be reversed by the


elimination of sugar, fried foods, processed meats, oils, and gluten from
the diet as well as a supplement program that provides all 90 essential
nutrients with a special emphasis on the supplementation of thiamine
(vitamin B,).

. Wernecke-Korsakoff's syndrome is a two-part disease syndrome in

which the patient is diagnosed with both Korsakoff’s syndrome and
multiple sclerosis (MS) simultaneously. The disease syndrome can
be reversed by dealing with both diseases. To stop the ongoing
inflammatory damage to the myelin of the brain (that occurs in MS)
with a dietary change, add 6-8 eggs per day to provide raw materials
to help support maintenance and repair of the myelin and supplement
with all 90 essential nutrients with a special emphasis on antioxidants,
including selenium.

. Alzheimer’s disease is a physician-caused disease, produced by lowering

cholesterol and saturated fats in the patient's diet, prescription of statin
drugs, and the directive to avoid vitamin and mineral supplements. In
fact, Alzheimer’s disease is a physi


n-caused disease. Prevention
of Alzheimer's has been documented by a Johns Hopkins randomized
and double blind study on almost 5,000 people over the age of 65.
The ten-year study published in 2004 demonstrated clearly that the
consumption of a special diet, avoidance of certain foods and the
supplementation of nutrients can reduce the risk of Alzheimer's disease
by 78%! The nutritional approach to Alzheimer’s disease includes all
of the anti-dementia nutritional supplementation and dietary changes
employed for the other three dementias (including eating no fried
foods, no processed meats, no oils; eat 4~6 eggs per hundred pounds
of body weight per day, etc), avoid all statin drugs (in April 2012,
the FDA sent out an urgent warning, “Statin drugs increase the risk

===== Screenshot (561) -- Page 583 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

of dementia and type 2 diabetes!” and additionally the employment
of dha and epa essential fatty acids to allow the production of
neurotransmitters specifically for memory and cognition.

Minerals: The Currency of Life

Pasteur brought about a revolution in medicine by associating bacteria or
“germs” with disease, thus displacing the centuries old theory of “spontaneous
generation.” His work carried through to the late 1930s when penicillin was
discovered by Flemming. During that nearly two hundred year period it was
thought that most diseases including cancer and mental disease were caused
by bacterial germs—the “discovery of the century.” Everything in medicine
was geared towards chasing this global bacterial causal theory of disease, and
cultural techniques on artificial media-enriched whole blood or serum; vaccines,
antibiotics, and sanitizers magically appeared to save us from bacterial disease.
After World War Il, viruses became important. Techniques in identification
and propagation (cell cultures) were developed and every effort was made
to attribute every disease from cancer to mental disease to a viral cause.
The electron microscope, monkeys for vaccine production, and HPV vaccine
for cervical cancer were the tools of the day-


“virus technology became the
discovery of the century.”

The development of the “genetic mapping techniques has become the
discovery of the century.” Today, through mapping of the genome, everyone
knows that genetic defects cause everything from body odor to cancer and
mental disease. Sound familiar?

The truth is “genetic defects” are no more the root cause of all disease
than it is a fact that global warming is caused by human activity. The terrible
parallel between the medical fever over bacteria, viruses, and genetic engineering

is that preceding “the discovery of the century” was the development of
laboratory techniques; for example, we developed bacterial culturing with light
microscopes, viral culturing from cell cultures, and the electron microscope for
genetic mapping. Now there are amniocentesis and test tube babies (actually
veterinarians had been freezing semen and fertilizing and implanting eggs, the
“test tube babies,” for 50 years before medical doctors had ever dreamt of it). And
the ultimate “cloning” of Dolly, the lamb, accomplished by a veterinary technician
from Scotland, was a form of “genetic engineering.”

In both the “viral answer” and the “genetic answer” huge sums of money were
drawn out of government coffers and private pharmaceutical firms for research
and development, patents, and stock options, and public offerings on the stock
exchange flowed freely. Unfortunately none of these “answers” have yet won
the war on cancer, diabetes, Alzheimer's disease or any other of the theoretically
“genetically-transmitted diseases.”

The human does have a genetic potential for physical and emotional


perfection and an upper limit for height and longevity as does a flamingo, an
angel fish, a cat, a dog, and an elephant. The human genetic potential includes
a disease-free life with a programmed longevity potential for greater than 140


years. Attaining one's genetic potential for physical and emotional perfection

and optimal longevity begins before the beginning


Contrary to popular belief, our biological responsibilities as parents begin
long before conception! Preconception nurturing of one’s body—both male and
female, although the major responsibility is weighted toward the woman, as
embryonic success is dependent 100% on the females nutritional status—is
essential to success and is a must if one is sexually active and still in the child-
bearing years for a variety of reasons.

First of all, the beginning of a new life in animals and man is referred to as
an embryo until complete development occurs (90 days in humans), at which

===== Screenshot (562) -- Page 585 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

time the embryo becomes a completely developed fetus. The progression from
a fertilized egg (zygote) to the embryo to the fetus occurs in the first trimester,
the first one third of pregnancy, in all mammalian species with the exception
of the marsupials. In marsupials the baby is “born” as an embryo and finishes
development in the mother’s external pouch.

During the 90 days of embryonic development in man, all body tissues,
organs, and systems are constructed, connected, and jump-started, leaving only
the increase in size from a mouse-like human at 90 days of pregnancy to the six
to ten pound human fetus at term (birth).

The complexity of events following fertilization, the gastrula stage, leading
to the primitive streak on the embryonic disc, the generation of parallel neural
ridges, that quickly rise from the disc and meet to form the neural tube. This is
destined to become the brain and spinal cord, that includes the 12 pairs of cranial
nerves: the retina of the eye, the auditory nerves, glossal nerves that originate in
the brain and innervate the tongue, and the great vagus nerves (the 10*" cranial
nerves) that originate in the brain and innervate the organs of the chest and
abdominal cavity.

There is the segmental development of the muscular system, 44 vertebrae and
peripheral nerves and the wonder of the formation of the four chambered heart
that is intimately integrated with the entire vascular system made up of miles
of arteries, veins, and capillaries. The ventral enfolding of the embryonic disc
becomes the thoracic and abdominal cavities complete with heart, lungs, liver,
pancreas, stomach, gut, genito-urinary tract for reproduction and controlling
waste products from the blood. The endocrine system evolves that provides the
push/pull controls over the bodies development, physiological cycles, sexual and
metabolic control and maintenance. Lastly, but certainly not least, the DNA, RNA,
and tens of thousands of subcellular enzymes and enzyme cycles, pathways, and
systems that control emotions, sexual drive (and preferences), eye color, height

potential, and life itself are some of the “miracles” of life that ignite during this
period.

The nutritional requirements of the egg, sperm, the chromosomes in the egg
and sperm, and the genes on the chromosomes are exquisitely critical before
conception, during the embryonic period, during the fetal period, and during life
outside of the protective cocoon of the uterus until the moment that we die!!

Chromosomes and genes are critical in their second-by-second requirements
for minerals, trace minerals, rare-earth metals, vitamins, amino acids, and
essential fatty acids. There is no quarter, no room for deficit—the consequences
of failure are too devastating.

As a result of the failure of typical food supplies to meet the critical
biochemical needs of human and animal DNA, chromosome, and sperm and egg,
as many as 15% of American couples are “infertile,” which encourages fertility
clinics to prey on distraught couples. The sperm count of American men has
dropped by 50% over the last 100 years, and 10% of American babies are
born with learning disabilities, deafness, homosexuality, intersex complications,
antisocial behavior, ADD, ADHD, autism, “inborn errors of metabolism” of every
enzyme, chromosomal and/or physical neural tube defects (Down's syndrome,
spina bifida, anencephaly, hydrocephalus, cerebral palsy, etc.), necessitating the
creation of a dizzying number of fund raising and support groups to deal with
pediatric disabilities that are totally preventable and in many cases reversible (as.
in the case of cystic fibrosis, muscular dystrophy, cardiomyopathy heart disease,
Kawasaki disease, type 2 diabetes, lupus, and other diseases).

Additionally, millions of American babies are born each year with totally
preventable chromosomal and physical birth defects (e.g, Down syndrome,
cerebral palsy, intersexuals, cleft palate, cleft lip, deafness, heart defects, hiatal
hernias, umbilical hernias, extra, missing and webbed limbs and digits, and
others.).

===== Screenshot (563) -- Page 587 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Injury to the chromosomes, DNA, and genes of the human egg and sperm
can be caused by exposure to radiation and pollutants (such as in the Love Canal
contamination case) although very little of this type of injury occurs because of
our avoidance and awareness of this), toxic chemicals from industrial accidents or
mismanagement (such as from mercury, crude oil, farm chemicals of DDT, etc.),
prescription drugs (resulting in Thalidamide babies, etc.), and alcohol (that causes
fetal alcohol syndrome, retardation, etc.)

However, the most common cause of birth defects in American babies and
babies around the world are overt clinical deficiencies of one or more of the
90 essential nutrients of the mother-to-be and therefore of the embryo prior to
conception and for the first 90 days of pregnancy!

The 20th and 21st century OBGYN believed that the “trisomy” of Down's
syndrome is a delayed genetic or chromosomal defect that primarily manifests
itself in women over the age of thirty-five years. Statistically, the “over 35” rule of
thumb was true when women bore eight to ten children. The poor women would
be depleted of minerals, including zinc, by the time she was over thirty-five years
old, so the last two or three embryos were at a higher risk for trisomy and other
deficiency generated defects.

In the late 20th and early 21st centuries, the teenage mother is no longer
a rare phenomenon. Teens are having babies at an ever-increasing rate, and
they have a higher risk of producing babies with birth defects, including Down's
syndrome, than does the mother over thirty-five. Teenage mothers and their
babies are at a higher risk because of the teenagers poor dietary habits and
extremely low rates of serious nutritional supplementation. Teenage mothers
are in fact still children themselves and therefore require extraordinary levels of
supplementation to deal with physical growth and the nutritional requirements
of puberty. They in fact compete with their own embryos for limited or non-
existent levels of vitamins and minerals.

The animal industry has completely eliminated all birth defects in animals
{in livestock, pet animals, captive wild species in zoos and wild animal parks,
and laboratory animals), not out of altruistic reasons, but rather to enhance
profitability!!

When a rancher feeds one hundred breeding cows, he expects one hundred
uncomplicated pregnancies, one hundred uncomplicated deliveries, one hundred
perfect calves, and that the calves will reach reproductive age or shipping weight
for the food industry without the need for any veterinary care.

The pet industry and the laboratory animal industry has spent over $100
billion over the last 100 years in nutritional research that has resulted in the
tripling of life spans. Sixty years ago an “old dog” was eight years old, but
today an “old dog” is twenty-five years old, and this nutritional research has
eliminated all birth defects in all animal species and eliminated all “degenerative,
autoimmune, and genetic” diseases that continue to plague humans!!!

There are no health insurance policies private or government (no major
medical, no hospitalization, no Medicare, no Blue Cross/Blue Shield, etc.) to
cover clinical care costs or financial losses for animals, including pet, laboratory
species, and livestock. Therefore the pet owner, the laboratory manager, farmer,
the husbandryman, and the rancher must individually bear the financial burden
of animal health care alone. To reduce or eliminate his financial risk, the animal
industry has learned that it is simply cheaper and more efficient to eliminate
infertility, birth defects, and general healthcare for animals by properly enriching
their diets with optimal levels of all 90 essential nutrients (60 minerals, 16
vitamins, 12 essential amino acids, and 3 essential fatty acids) that is a basic
requirement of life for all vertebrates.

The clinical realities are that few nutritional deficiencies occur in the pure
state. In other words, if there is an obvious clinical deficiency, such as iron
deficiency anemia, the odds are that there are others, maybe dozens, since there

===== Screenshot (564) -- Page 589 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

are no laws that say “you can have only one deficiency disease at a time.” This
is why there are hundreds of thousands of American babies born each year
with catastrophic, tragic, family-rending birth defects and multiple birth defect
“syndromes"—not as the result of a “bad throw of the dice” type of genetic
tragedy, but rather from the short sighted “prenatal” vitamin mentality of the
allopathic OBGYN, who says, “I will prescribe a prenatal vitamin only after a
women is determined to be pregnant (a la Governor Sarah Palin's OBGYN!).

Many women who have had multiple pregnancies “know the ropes” of
pregnancy and the OBGYN process, so they will often wait for three or four
months into the pregnancy before beginning to supplement with vitamins and
minerals to “save money.” Remember, the embryo has become a fully formed
human (for better or worse) at 90 days post-conception!

After the 90-day mark, except for cystic fibrosis and muscular dystrophy
(which are preventable and reversible even after the birth of the child), and
certain “inborn errors of metabolism (most are managable with change of diet
and nutritional supplementation), and sickle cell anemia,” birth defects are like
the Humpty Dumpty poem, where “all of the kings horses and all of the kings
men couldn't put Humpty Dumpty back together again.

Frequently, twins (identical and fraternal) are born conjoined. This tragic
congenital defect of incomplete division of the embryo is 100% preventable
for $50 worth of the 90 essential nutrients per month taken for at least three

months prior to conception and throughout the pregnancy. Nobody knows more
about multiple births—think of litters of puppies, kittens, pigs, rats, mice, rabbits,
and so forth—than the animal industry, and through preconception nutrition
research and implementation, they have eliminated runts (low birth-weight
babies), and congenital and “genetic” birth defects, such as Down syndrome,
muscular dystrophy, cerebral palsy, cystic fibrosis, inborn errors of metabolism,
Huntington's disease, and others.).

Twin girls, Angela and Amy Lakeberg, were born in Indiana on June 29, 1993.
They were conjoined at the chest and shared a single severely defective heart and
a single liver. Following separation, one twin (Amy) was sacrificed in order to save
one (Angela).

After eleven months and nineteen days the surviving Lakeberg twin, Angela,
died. Without consideration of the human tragedy and family devastation, the
medical cost alone for the attempt to fix what could have been prevented for
forty dollars, was over $1 million to tax payers ($600,000 extracted from the
taxpayers of Indiana alone).

We must insist that our health dollars be spent more wisely. The Lakebergs
were on food stamps that they traded for street drugs, the conjoined twins were
detected early in pregnancy by ultrasound, and yet the medical community was
so eager to take everyone's money.

===== Screenshot (565) -- Page 592 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN


Nutrition: The Death of the Genetic
Theory of Disease Transmission

Nutrition science has evolved in three phases. In the first, during the
late nineteenth century, physicians, unaware of the effect of nutrients
within foods, began to associate whole foods with curative effects on
nutrient deficiency diseases. In the second, during the first few decades of
the twentieth century,(veterinarians), physicians and biochemists began
to identify the chemical composition of nutrients within whole foods that
were responsible for elimination of nutrient deficiency diseases. In the third,
during the remainder of the twentieth century and continuing to the present,
scientists from a number of disciplines (chemistry, biochemistry, biology,
(epigenetics), pharmacognosy, botany, medicine, pharmacology, nutrition
science, and animal science) have uncovered preventive and curative effects
of specific nutrients when consumed at levels in excess of those necessary to
arrest nutrient deficiency diseases.

—Jonathan W. Emord, Esq.

Global Censorship of Health Information

For thousands of years healers have recognized that specific foods can prevent
and heal diseases. During the 18th, 19th and 20th centuries, many of the specific
factors in foods (micro and macro nutrients) that can prevent and reverse diseases
in animals and humans had been identified. Unfortunately the universal belief
of the medical community is that humans who reside in the industrialized world
do not need supplementation of the essential nutrients. Classic examples of
scientific and medical ignorance and arrogance that negatively affect human life
include the work of Georges Buffon, an 18th-century naturalist who put to paper
the “truth” of his time (unfortunately a “truth” is limited by the number of facts
available):

If we consider the European, the negro, the Chinese, the American, the
highly civilized man, the savage, the rich, the poor, the inhabitant of the
city, the dwellers in the country, so different from one another in every
respect, agree on this one point, and have the same duration, the same
interval of time to run through “twixt the cradle and the grave," that the
difference of race, climate, of food, of comforts, makes no difference in the
duration of life, it will be seen at once that the duration of life depends
neither upon habits, nor custom, nor the quality of food, that nothing can
change the fixed laws which regulate the number of our years.

False, dangerous and criminal advice is given to the American public by the
ignorant group known as “Quack Busters,” who are doctors who joined together
to destroy legitimate alternative competition to the medical monopoly. Members
of this private group of doctors include Victor Herbert, MD (now a Dead Doctor)
who is the founder of this group he named The Committee Against Medical Fraud.
Other Quackbuster members include John Renner, MD, (now also deceased), as

===== Screenshot (566) -- Page 594 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

well as William Jarvis, MD (who now works for the CDC), and Stephan Barret, MD
(who continually draws up complaints against alternative healers from his dark
basement). Below is a statement by Dr. Victor Herbert:

It has been primarily in this century (the 20th century), however, that
researchers have identified the specific food substances—vitamins and
minerals—that are instrumental in preventing these deficiency diseases. As
a result of this increased knowledge and the availability of a variety of
foods rich in vitamins and minerals, deficiency diseases are now rare in
the United States and other affluent industrialized nations. Despite this,
millions of Americans believe that their foods do not supply adequate
vitamins and minerals, and therefore they take nutritional supplements,
often in potentially dangerous mega-doses, and sometimes resulting in
actual harm.

Victor Herbert, MD, also claimed the following:

Healthy adult men and healthy adult non-pregnant, non-lactating women
who eat a varied diet get all of the vitamins and minerals they need ...

The fact is, even a marginal diet will provide adequate vitamins and
minerals; if you are an average, healthy American, you really have to follow
an extremely limited or bizarre diet to develop vitamin (and mineral)
deficiencies.

In fact, you cannot guarantee the optimal intake of micro or macro nutrients,
even by “eating well.” In the animal industry, the perfect mix of micro and macro
nutrients is added to the diets to ensure perfect nutrition for maximum disease
resistance, fertility, healthy babies, and maximum production of meat, milk, and
eggs, and whatever nutrition is in the feed itself is considered “value added.” By
contrast, in the human nutrition arena we believe falsely because of misdirection

by the medical community, that if “one eats well they can get everything they
need to produce perfect babies, maximize lifespan and health"—not so!

In 1990 Lucian Lepe, the head of the Department of Public Health at Harvard
Medical School, published a survey in which they looked for the county in America
that had the highest average age. Lepe’s goal was to then have the healthcare
systems that were used by the members of the longest-living county employed
and duplicated by all American counties with the goal of raising the average
lifespan of all Americans, a lofty goal to be sure.

What Lepe found, however, was that the counties with the longest-living
people in America were clustered in the mid-west, the upper mid-west and the
plains states. Their common heritage was Scandinavian. They were Swedes, Swiss,
Finnish, Norwegians, Danish, Austrians. They were mainly dairy farmers who
cooked all their meals by poaching, stewing, roasting, grilling, and baking.

The counties of the shortest-living people in Lepe's study were those found
in the old Confederate States and Indian Reservations west of the Mississippi
River These cultures fried everything; it was how these people cooked their food,
whether or not they supplemented with essential nutrients, and it was what they
ate, not medical technology, that added or subtracted years from their life. The
maximum health benefit was provided by default and dumb luck by ingested raw
materials rather than the employment of modern medical technology!

Lepe noted that residents of all American counties had equal access to all
healthcare services. Even the uninsured “living under the bridge” had access to
all health care services through Medicaid, yet the old Confederate States were
the epicenter of the heart attack, stroke, diabetes, obesity, and cancer belt of
America.

In the April 16, 2012, issue of the journal Food Chemistry, there was a report
that showed in fact that “commercial baby foods contain less than 20% of
the minimum daily requirements of minerals and vitamins that are required by

===== Screenshot (567) -- Page 596 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

human infants." In contrast, dog food, cat food, chicken food, sheep, pig, horse,
and cattle feed all have 100% of the animal’s minimum daily requirements of all
90 essential nutrients.

In March 20, 2013, the University of Wisconsin Population Health Institute
reported that “Residents of the nation’s least healthy counties die at twice
the rate of those living in their state's healthiest counties, despite a major
improvement in the rate of premature deaths. It appears that access to quality
health care, however, accounts for only 20% of a county's ranking. The physical
environment (and nutrition) is weighed the most heavily in the rankings.”

The most blatant example of the Wisconsin study paradox was the fact that
“the county with the highest levels of health care and health services was
Philadelphia County (meaning the most doctors, the most hospitals, the most
health care funding, etc.), yet Philadelphia County had the worst level of health of
its residents than any other American County!"

To achieve maximum fertility and healthy outcomes of birth-defect free
pregnancies, healthful disease-free lives and maximum longevity one must
supplement with all 90 essential nutrients to warranty their optimal daily
intake. You cannot depend on your food to be your sole source of macro and
micronutrients. Failing to be proactive and to consume the optimal supplement
program based on body weight, you will contract nutritional-deficiency diseases
and spend excessive amounts of time and money on medical care and
prescriptions. The secret is to give your body the raw materials, the 90 essential
nutrients, rather than depend on technology to deal with diseases after they
appear.

You can be a member of any religion and successfully supplement with the 90
essential nutrients.

You can be a vegetarian and successfully supplement with the 90 essential
nutrients.

You can be a vegan and successfully supplement with the 90 essential
nutrients.

You can be a meat-eater and successfully supplement with the 90 essential
nutrients.

You can juice and successfully supplement with the 90 essential nutrients.

You can eat organic and successfully supplement with the 90 essential
nutrients.

You Are What You Absorb

There is an old adage that states “you are what you eat.” Unfortunately, this old
adage is not correct. It is more correct and accurate to say “you are what you
absorb.”

There are two major issues that have to be considered to ensure optimal
absorption: hypochlorhydria (i.e,, low stomach acid levels) and gluten intolerance:

Hypochlorhydria

The raw material for the Chief Cells, the acid-manufacturing cells of the
stomach, to make hydrochloric acid is NaCl, which is salt. Stomach acid is
required to keep the stomach environment sterile and free of bacteria, viruses,
yeast, and fungus. Failure to keep the stomach environment at a low pH below
2.0 results in organism overgrowth, gastric fermentation, and reflux. This acidic
gastric environment is also required to facilitate the absorption of vitamin
B,2 by activating the “intrinsic factor” that is produced by specialized cells
in the stomach wall; to activate the stomach enzyme “pepsin,” which in the
presence of stomach acid will breakdown proteins into amino acids, peptides,

===== Screenshot (568) -- Page 598 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

and polypeptides that faci


fates absorption; and to facilitate the absorption of
minerals.

Gluten Intolerance

Gluten intolerance, as a negative reaction to grain consumption, was recognized
by the Egyptians and Greek physicians thousands of years ago. Gluten intolerance
is not an allergy to wheat, barley, rye, or oat proteins. However, when a person
is intolerant of small-grain proteins, the consumption of gluten will produce a
“contact enteritis" similar to a contact dermatitis when an individual is exposed


to the juices of poison ivy. No one is allergic to poison ivy; however, just about
everyone is intolerant of poison ivy.

The gastrointestinal damage that is produced by the gluten-contact enteritis
includes celiac disease (wheat allergy that occurs concurrently with contact
enteritis), diverticulitis, appendicitis, irritable bowel syndrome, inflammatory
bowel syndrome, leaky gut syndrome, colitis, ulcerative colitis, Crohn's disease,
gastritis, bloating, and reflux.

The gradual and progressive loss of intestinal villi as a result of contact
enteritis produces a kaleidoscope of nutritional-deficiency diseases as a result
of malabsorption, including infertility, birth defects (muscular dystrophy, cystic
fibrosis, cerebral palsy, Down syndrome, intersex syndrome, gay behavior,


etc), colicky babies, keratosis, eczema, dermatitis, psoriasis, rosacea, asthma,
fibromyalgia, lupus, sarcoidosis, diabetes, kidney failure, kidney stones, arthritis,
obesity, osteoporosis, periodontal disease, dementia, heart disease, hypertension,
alopecia, macular degeneration, dental problems, cataracts, nutritional
secondary hyperparathyroidism, hypothyroidism, peripheral neuropathies, liver

disease, constipation, diarrhea, etc.

So you are what you absorb.

The following lists give the essential nutrients for good health.

The 60 Essential Elements, Metals, Minerals, Trace Minerals and Rare Earths


Aluminum Gold Rhenium
Arsenic Hafnium Rubidium
Barium Holi im Samarium
Beryllium Hydrogen Scandium
Boron lodine Selenium
Bromine Iron Silica
Calcium Lanthanum Silver
Carbon Lithium Sodium
Cerium Lutecium Strontium
Cesium Magnesium Sulphur
Chloride Manganese Tantalum
Chromium Molybdenum Terbium
Cobalt Neodymium Thutium
Copper Nickle Tin
Dysprosium Niobium Titanium
Erbium Nitrogen Vanadium
Europium Oxygen Yitterbium
Gadolinium Phosphorus Ytrium
Gallium Potassium Zine
Germanium Praseodymium Zirconium

===== Screenshot (569) -- Page 600 of 936 =====
The 16 Essential Vitamins for Humans and Non-human Vertebrates

Vitamin A

Vitamin 81 (Thiamin)
Vitamin B2 (Riboflavin)
Vitamin B3 (Niacin)

Vitamin B5 (Pantothenic acid)
Vitamin B6 (Pyridoxine)
Vitamin B12 (Cyanocobalamine)
Vitamin C

Vitamin D

Vitamin

Vitamin K

Biotin

Choline

Flavonoids and bioflavonoids
Folic Acid

Inositol

The 12 Essential Amino Acids

Valine

Lysine
Threonine
Leucine
Isoleucine
Tryptophane
Phenylalanine
Methionine

EPIGENETICS

Histadine
Arginine*
Taurine*

Tyrosine*

“While not generally considered to be a classic essential amino acid, their deficiency does result in specific
disease states.

The Three Essential Fatty Acids and Cholesterol

Linoleic Acid

Linotenic Acid

Arachidonic Acid

Cholesterol?
while not generally considered a classic essential pd, its deficiency does result in disease states (e..,
Alzheimer’s disease, type 2 diabetes, erectile dysfunction, low-T, menopause, adrenal exhaustion, etc).
The Recommended Dietary Allowances (RDAs) have been prepared by the Food
and Nutrition Board since 1941. "RDAs are defined as the levels of intake of
essential nutrients that, on the basis of scientific knowledge, are judged by the
Food and Nutrition Board to be adequate to meet the known nutrient needs
of practically all healthy persons." This definition has remained unchanged since
1974,

The RDAs are derived from several different sources of evidence:

1. Studies of human subjects maintained on diets containing low or
deficient levels of a nutrient, followed by a correction of the deficit with
measured amounts of the nutrient;

2. Nutrient balance studies that measure nutrient status in relation to
intake;

===== Screenshot (570) -- Page 602 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

3. Biochemical measurements of tissue saturation or adequacy of
molecular functions in relation to a specific nutrient intake;

4, Nutrient intakes of fully breastfed infants and of apparently healthy
people from their food supply;

5. Epidemiological observations of nutrient status in populations in
relation to intake; and

6. In some cases, extrapolation of data from animal experiments.

In practice and reality, other than animal studies, there are extremely limited
data from which one can estimate the optimal nutritional requirements of
humans. Because there are “uncertainties in the knowledge base (of human
nutrition), it is not possible to set the RDAs for all of the known essential nutrients
based on human data alone.

Vitamins

Vitamins are a collection of unrelated organic compounds that are necessary as
cofactors for metabolic chemical reactions within cells and essential for normal
growth and maintenance of health. Vitamins are essential nutrients in that most
cannot be manufactured in the body and many perform as coenzymes. Vitamins
do not supply calories or contribute to body mass.


Vitamins regulate metabolism, participate in the citric acid cycle and
conversion of fat, sugar, carbohydrates and proteins into energy.
There are three categories of vitamins:
1. Fat soluble

2. Water soluble

3. Flavanols-Epicatecchins


Historically, vitamin deficiencies (rickets, night blindness, scurvy, beriberi,
pellagra, arthritis, dementia, heart disease, birth defects, etc.) were literally the
cause of disabilities and death in millions of sailors, soldiers, pioneers, slaves,
minority races (such as Native Americans, Native Canadians, African-Americans,
etc.) and children. Because of the medical community's ignorance, bias, and lack
of interest in food factors that could prevent and cure diseases, millions of
humans have suffered terribly and died unnecessarily even after the truth was
known for thousands of years by many alert individuals.

In the 20th century, the medical community totally abandoned the greater
pursuit of knowledge on the benefits of vitamin nutrition and vitamin therapies
to bring improved health, vitality, and longevity to humans for their pursuit of the
new “Holy Grail"—mapping out the genome.

All vertebrates, including man, require a minimum of sixteen vitamins, carbon-
based essential nutrients that can prevent and cure hundreds of diseases and
extend life spans.

Itis well documented that longevity prediction can be attained by monitoring
telomere length. Telomere’s are short fragments of DNA that are described as
“caps” at the end of the DNA in each cell and are likened to the “protective plastic
tips at the end of a shoelace.”

A telomere is a zone of repetitive nucleotide sequences at the end of a
chromatid, which protects the end of the chromosome from deterioration and


additionally protects the end of the chromosome from fusing with a neighboring


chromosome. The term “telomere” is derived from the Greek “telos” (end) and
“meros" (part).

===== Screenshot (571) -- Page 603 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

During cell division, enzymes that promote the duplication of DNA are limited
on how many divisions they can support by how many nutritional cofactors are
available. Deficiencies of nutrients result in a stoppage of DNA division.

Every time a cell divides, the telomere at the end of the DNA string shortens.
‘As telomeres shorten, the risk of degenerative diseases and cell death increases
dramatically. Telemeres are looked at as markers for biological aging. It has been
demonstrated that supplementation with multivitamins has protected telomeres,
maintained telomere length and reduced oxidative damage and inflammation of
the telomere structure.

In 1975 Elizabeth Blackburn, a postdoctoral fellow at Yale University, with
Joseph Gall, identified the repeated DNA sequences composing the ends of
chromosomes. Elizabeth Blackburn, Carol Breider, and Jack Szostak were awarded
the 2009 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for the discovery of how
chromosomes are protected by telomeres and the enzyme telomerase.

In addition to its protein segment, telomerase additionally contains a segment
of template RNA (Telomerase RNA). In humans, this telomere sequence is a
repeating string of TTAGGG, between 3 and 20 kilobases in length.

In the early 1970s Russian theorist Alexi Olovnikov first recognized that
chromosomes could not completely replicate their end pieces. His theory built on
Leonard Hayflick’s observation that of limited somatic cell division (Hayflick limit
- 51 duplications), Olovnikov posited that DNA sequences were lost each time
that cellular DNA replicates until the deterioration reaches an end point, at which
time the ability of a cell to replicate come to an end.

A privately funded effort by Geron, a biotech company, isolated the genes
for the RNA and protein component of human telomerase and to prove the
relationship between telomere shortening in cellular and telomerase reactivation
in cell “immortalization.”

Itis now known that telomeres protect a cell's chromosomes from fusing with

a neighboring chromosome and from “rearranging-abnormalities” that can lead
to cancer. Most cancer cells are the product of “immortal” cells that have systems
that allow them to avoid apoptosis (programmed cell death).

Specifically, higher doses of supplemental vitamins C, D, and E in both in vitro
and in vivo studies maintained increased telomere length, delayed apoptosis (cell
death), and extended life spans of nematodes and vertebrates.

Fat Soluble Vitamins

Fat soluble vitamins, as the name implies, work in the fat (lipid) metabolism in
the vertebrate cell. Fat soluble vitamins can not be efficiently absorbed from the
intestine when humans consume low fat diets. Individuals who have their gall
bladder removed should supplement with ox bile to increase the volume of bile
salts which are required for the efficient absorption of the fat soluble vitamins A,
D, E, and K.

Vitamin A (retinol) function

This vitamin, isolated in 1913, which has many active forms including, retinol,
retinoic acid and retinyl esters and precursors. Beta carotene is a fat soluble
vitamin A precursor that is required for maintenance of vision and night vision
(the Egyptians employed beef liver juice, a natural source of vitamin A, to
cure night blindness in 2000 BC), to maintain healthy skin and healthy mucus
membranes, bones, and teeth; it has been shown to reduce the risk if epithelial
cancers.

Many symptoms of vitamin A deficiency were recognized in the middle of the
19th century, and were associated with an “inadequacy of the diet.” The condition

===== Screenshot (572) -- Page 605 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

known as ophthalmia Brasiliana (keratoconis), a disease of the eyes that primarily
afflicted poorly nourished slaves, was first described in 1865.

In 1887 endemic night blindness was recognized among the orthodox Russian
Catholics who fasted during the Lenten period. Of great interest was the
observation that nurslings of mothers who fasted were at high risk of sloughing
ulcers of the cornea. At the same time numerous reports of deficiency-induced
keratomalacia followed from the four corners of the earth including the United
States.

Experimental, rather than observational evidence, led to the discovery of
vitamin A in 1913. Two groups (Osborne and Mendel; McCollum and Davis)
independently reported that animals fed on artificial diets with lard as a
sole source of fat developed a nutritional deficiency that could be corrected
by the addition of foods such as butter, egg yolk, and cod liver oil to the
diet. A prominent deficiency symptom of this restricted experimental diet was
xerophthalmia. Clinical and experimental vitamin A deficiencies were recognized
as being related in WWI, when it became obvious that xerophthalmia in humans
was the result of a decrease in access to dietary butter.

The simple observations of Steenbock (1919) that the vitamin A content of
vegetables was directly related to the degree of pigmentation; Euler et al (1929)
and Moore (1929) found that the purified plant pigment carotene (provitamin A)
was a very potent source of vitamin A. Retinol, a primary alcohol, is present in
high concentrations of marine fish liver (cod liver oil, etc.).

Vitamin A has a number of functions in the body. It plays an essential role in
growth stimulation, the maintenance and function of epithelial tissue including
the retina, intestinal mucosa, and skin. Vitamin A is also known to function
in the synthesis of adrenocortical steroids, particularly in the conversions of
pregneno-lone to progesterone, of dehydroepiandrosterone to androstenedione,
and desoxycorticosterone to corticosterone. The conversion of squalene to

cholesterol, other oxygenase-dependent reactions, and codeine demethylation
are depressed by a retinol deficiency.

Vitamin A-deficiency health problems include:

Night blindness (Nyctalopia)
Conjunctivitis

Xerophthalmia

Keratomalacia (Keratoconus — corneal ulcers)
Infertility

Birth defects

Depression

Depressed immune system

Osteopenia, osteoporosis, osteoarthritis, osteomalacia
Failure to thrive, stunted growth

Acne

Dermatitis (dry skin, keratitis, etc.)

Hyperkeratosis (“goose flesh”)

Ichthyosis (shark skin, Darier's disease, etc.)

Increased cancer risk


Signs of overdose: too much vitamin A is indicated by headaches, blurred vision,
fatigue, dysmenorrhea, joint and bone pain, dry cracked skin, hair loss, itchiness,
birth defects (for example, malformation of the cranium, face, heart, thymus,
and central nervous system), liver disease, and pseudo-jaundice (when the skin
becomes orange or yellow as a result of high levels of beta carotene intake,
notably there is no yellowing or jaundice of the ocular sclera).

Signs of toxicity usually appear only with sustained daily intakes of 50,000 IU
of retinol for adults and 20,000 1U in infants.

===== Screenshot (573) -- Page 608 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Vitamin D function

This vitamin has two active forms: D, the plant source and D; the animal source,
which is created by exposing the skin deposits of cholesterol to UV light. Vitamin
D is required for the absorption, metabolism, and proper deposition of calcium
and phosphorus in the bones and teeth.

Rickets was a scourge of children from before medieval times through the
smog-filled days of the Industrial Revolution into the 20th century. Because
rickets was rarely associated with death, it was looked at with indifference and
was allowed to smolder amongst urban populations. People, particularly children,
with curved spines, bowed legs and enlarged joints were so common as to seem
normal. During the Industrial Revolution there were so many causes of miserable
deaths that people were too busy trying to survive, to spend any effort on a
malady that just made one uncomfortable or misshapen.

Unfortunately for kids living in the major cities, particularly in England during
the Industrial Revolution, work hours were so long (12 hours) that the children
were rarely outside during the day, and the sun was blocked by smog, smoke, and
coal dust so that the sun's light rarely shown through to the streets. And though it
was known for centuries that Scottish fisherman had learned how to prevent and
cure rickets with cod liver oil, doctors resisted the simple cure for centuries!

One of the earliest common-sense theories of the cause and cure of rickets
was posited by Francis Glisson in the mid-17th century. He concluded that “a bad
environment” caused rickets. While he didn’t consider a dietary deficiency as a
cause he did realize that a lack of exposure to sunlight was a causative factor. The
environmental association of lack of sunlight was cited over the next 150 years.
However, physicians continued to ignore the obvious and rickets continued to
deform millions, particularly in England and other coal-burning countries.

Cod liver oil, the Scottish fisherman's treatment for rickets, continued to be

used by the lay community throughout the 19th century. Armand Trousseau, a
French physician, treated his rickets patients with cod liver oil, sunshine, and
butter—proving to himself that diet and sunshine played a vital role in the cause,
prevention, and cure of rickets. Trousseau's findings, along with so many valid
observations of the day, were generally disregarded by the medical community
because they were obsessed in a search for the “rickets germ.”

Early in the 20th century, two separate theories were developed for the
cause of rickets. One postulated that rickets was due to environmental factors,
especially lack of sunlight, the second revisited Trousseau’s theory that diet was
involved. Dr. Kurt Hulschinsky, exposed rickets-deformed children from Berlin
to mercury quartz lamps, duplicating the sun's ultraviolet light, and their limbs
straightened out after two months.

‘At the same time, in England, Edward Mellanby proved the Scottish
fishermen’s tale of curing rickets with cod liver oil to be correct. EV. McCollum
of Johns Hopkins destroyed the vitamin A in cod liver oil with heat, and it still
had antirachitic activity and cured and prevented rickets. At the same time, Alfred
Hess of New York noted that rats whose food had previously been exposed to the
sun did not develop rickets. Fatty substances (ergosterol) in the food were being
activated by the ultraviolet rays to produce vitamin D, (calciferol).

Normal calcium and phosphorus absorption and metabolism is dependent
on proper levels of vitamin D. Blood levels of these ions are influenced
by gastrointestinal absorption, skeletal metabolism, and renal excretion, and
are predominantly under the control of vitamin D, parathyroid hormone,
and thyrocalcitonin. The concentration of ionized Ca is also dependent upon
blood pH and the concentration of plasma proteins. An understanding of the
close relationship between vitamin D to the parathyroid hormone is of major
importance when considering the variety of effects enacted by vitamin D

===== Screenshot (574) -- Page 610 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

resulting from a variety of dietary and hormonal conditions. Vitamin D is required
for the full range of parathyroid hormone functions.

There are some who consider vitamin D a hormone, as there are similarities
between vitamin D and hormone activity. Synthesis can take place in one site
(for example, on the skin) and the target organ found elsewhere (a bone). Its
mechanism of action, similar to that of aldosterone, estrogens, and testosterone,
is thought to be linked to an action on DNA-directed synthetic processes.


Studies indicate that the enhancement of intestinal absorption of Ca by
vitamin D or its 25-hydroxy metabolite is related to an action that increases
synthesis of a calcium-binding protein, and that this action takes place early
in the protein synthetic process, prior to, or at the step of, DNA-directed RNA
synthesis. The sequence of events: (1) location of vitamin D in the gut; (2)
formation of the 25-hydroxy derivative; (3) stimulation of RNA synthesis; and
(4) enhanced intestinal calcium absorption is consistent with the evidence that

suggests that synthesis of a new protein is required for vitamin D activity.


Deficiency: The universal deficiency of vitamin D in the 20th and 21st
centuries is a physician-caused disease. The doctor's instructions dictated by
the medical community to the American people to avoid exposure to the sun,
wear sun blocker, wear wide-brimmed hats, long-sleeved shirts and gloves, avoid
cholesterol in the diet (including egg yolks, chicken skin, dairy products, saturated
fats, etc), and not to take vitamin-mineral supplements turned out to be the

“perfect storm” to create a universal vitamin D deficiency.

Vitamin D-deficiency health problems include:

Facial tics, Tourette's syndrome
Twitches, muscle cramps
Tetany (full body cramp), convulsions

Childhood rickets (rachitic rosary), bowed legs, knock-knees, pigeon chest,
Profuse sweating

Restless leg syndrome

Enlarged wrists, osteopenia, osteoporosis, periodontal disease, arthritis,
osteoarthritis, degenerative arthritis, “bone to bone" arthritis, bone spurs,
Kidney stones.

Uterine fibroids

Vitamin D deficiency is a physician-caused disease in the 20th and 21st
centuries because of bad advice (e.g., stay out of the sun, wear sun-blocker,
wear long sleeves, do not eat egg yolks, do not take vitamins and minerals,
etc.) and as a result is quite common in the United States. In the 20th and
21st centuries, it has been determined that vitamin D deficiency can result in a
higher risk of cancer.


Signs of vitamin D overdose: hypercalcemia (this sign can also be produced by
raging Ca deficiency, nutritional secondary hyperparathyroidism, etc.), weakness,
fatigue, lassitude, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, Monkeyberg's sclerosis (vascular
calcification of the middle muscular layers of large and small arteries), myocardial
calcification, renal calcification, and soft tissue calcification (of lung, skin, etc).
Consumption of 1,800 IU of cholecalciferol per day has been associated with

signs of hypervitaminosis in young children.

Vitamin E functio1


This fat soluble vitamin, isolated in 1922, is actually a group of compounds
referred to as alpha-tocopherols. It has antioxidant functions, protects cell
membranes from oxidative inflammation, protects red blood cells from lyses, and

===== Screenshot (575) -- Page 612 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

in combination with the trace mineral selenium it can reduce the risk of certain
cancers. It slows down the aging process, preserves the length of telomeres and
reduces the risk of Alzheimer's disease, hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, muscular
dystrophy, and cystic fibrosis, etc.

The existence of vitamin E was first recognized in 1922 when it was learned
that female rats required a previously unknown dietary factor to maintain
pregnancies. Deficient females would ovulate and conceive properly; however,
at some point in the pregnancy a spontaneous miscarriage would occur;
additionally, lesions in the male's testes were reported.

Vitamin E-deficiency health problems include:


Alzheimer's disease
Anemia (hemolytic)

Infertility

Depressed immune system

Age spots, liver spots

Lipid peroxidation, cellulite

Ischemic heart disease

Fibrocystic breast disease

Muscle weakness, myalgia, polymyalgia, fibromyalgia

Cystic fibrosis (in conjunction with selenium deficiency)
Muscular dystrophy (in conjunction with selenium deficiency)


Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (in conjunction with selenium deficiency)
Increased risk of cancer

Signs of overdose: Compared to the other fat soluble vitamins vitamin E is
extremely safe when taken orally. Most adults have no problems taking up to 800
mg/day, showing no clinical or biochemical signs of toxicity.

Vitamin K (menaquinone) function:

This vitamin, isolated in 1939, is a fat soluble vitamin that is required by the liver
for the production of prothrombin and at least five other proteins (factors VII, IX,
and X, and proteins C and S) and other biologically active substances essential
for proper blood clotting and for the proper deposition of calcium in bones.
Approximately 50% of the requirement for vitamin K is produced by probiotic
bacteria in the colon,

Dam etal (1935, 1936) showed that hemorrhagic diseases that were not cured
or prevented by any known vitamins could be quickly resolved by feeding an as
yet unidentified fat-soluble substance, which he named vitamin K (Koagulation
vitamin). Early studies showed that vitamin K was a fat-soluble substance present
in hog liver fat and alfalfa (concentrated in the chloroplasts of plant leaves and in
vegetable oils). Considerable quantities of vitamin K are found in feces of humans
and animals because it is produced by enteric microorganisms.

Vitamin K occurs in two forms: (1) K, (phylloquinone) is produced by plants
and (2) K, (menaquinones) is synthesized by gram positive intestinal micro-
organisms and appears as several compounds. The normal physiological function
of vitamin K is to promote the hepatic biosynthesis of prothrombin, proconvertin
(factor VIN), plasma thromboplastin component (PTC, Christmas factor, factor IX),
and the Stuart factor (factor X).


K-deficiency health problems include:

Osteocalcin deficiency

Extended clotting time

Ecchymoses, epistaxis (nose bleeds), hematuria, Gl bleeding, etc.
Liver disease

Dysfunction of calcium absorption and deposition in bones.

===== Screenshot (576) -- Page 614 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Osteoporosis, spontaneous fractures
Osteoarthritis

Signs of overdose: Symptoms include jaundice (kernicterus) in newborn
infants; rapid intravenous injections of phylloquinone in adult humans can
produce flushing, dyspnea, chest pain, and death. Large doses of menadione
(not phylloquinone) administered to animals has produced hemolytic anemia,
polycythemia (too many red blood cells), splenomegaly, kidney and liver damage
(hyperbilirubinemia) and death.

Water Soluble Vitamins

The B-complex consists of 10 separate water-soluble vitamins. In general they
function as essential nutrients in the metabolic processes of all living cells by
acting as cofactors in multiple enzyme systems that drive the oxidation of food
and the production of energy.

Vitamin C is a water-soluble antioxidant that can be synthesized by many
mammals but not by guinea pigs or humans.

Vitamin B, (thiamine) function:

This water soluble vitamin was discovered in 1897 and isolated in 1911.
It is a cofactor required for energy production and optimal metabolism of
carbohydrates. Thiamine combines with phosphorous to form the coenzyme
thiamine pyrophosphate (TPP), which functions as a cocarboxylase enzyme. TPP
is required for the oxidative decarboxylation of pyruvate to form active acetate
and acetyl coenzyme A, the critical compound of the Krebs cycle. TPP is critical
for the oxidative decarboxylation of 2-ketocarboxylates produced from the amino
acids methionine, threonine, leucine, isoleucine and valine. In addition TPP is

also the coenzyme for the transketolase reaction, which functions in the pentose
phosphate shunt, an alternative pathway for glucose oxidation.

Thiamine is required for the metabolism of carbohydrates, protein, and
fat. Thiamine deficiency specifically produces disturbances of carbohydrate
metabolism, particularly in the brain (dementia) and heart (congestive heart
failure). The daily thiamine requirement is directly linked to the dietary
carbohydrate daily intake. This fact is indicative of the decarboxylation of
pyruvate, which is only connected to carbohydrate metabolism which is
dependent on the presence of thiamine (B,).

Events leading to the identification of thiamine occurred in the 19th century,
when Takaki, a Japanese naval officer, eliminated the death rate from beriberi in
the Japanese Navy simply by eliminating polished rice, replacing it with brown
rice, and adding a broad range of foods.

Eljkman, a Dutch physician in Java, showed that patients that developed
beriberi while eating polished rice could be cured by the reintroduction of the rice
bran to their diet. He also experimentally produced beriberi in chickens when he
fed them polished rice. Some years later, Funk produced a crystalline substance
from rice polishings and yeast that was effective in the prevention and cure
of experimentally produced beriberi. The substance contained a high pH (basic)
nitrogen (amine), so Funk called it a vit- (vital) amine. The term was accepted as a
broad label for dietary substances that were deemed to be dietary essentials.

Thiamine (B,)-deficiency health problems include:

Anxiety, hysteria, confusion
Nausea

Depression

Mental confusion

===== Screenshot (577) -- Page 616 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Anorexia

Muscular weakness

Fibromyalgia

Beriberi (muscle wasting, congestive heart failure, Korsakoff syndrome
[dementia] and Wernicke-Korsakoff syndrome [dementia & MS])

Paralysis.

Peripheral neuropathies

Signs of overdose: Vitamin B, overdose can result in a relative reactive deficiency
of B, and Bg.

Vitamin B, (riboflavin) function:

Vitamin B,, discovered in 1879 and isolated in 1932, is a key cofactor for
two flavin coenzymes that are required for oxidation-reduction reactions and

energy production flavin mononucleotide (FMN) and flavin adenine dinucleotide


(FAD). Among the enzymes that require riboflavin is the FMN-dependent oxidase
responsible for conversion of phosphorylated pyridoxine to functional coenzyme
and the FAD-dependent hydroxylase involved in the conversion of tryptophan to
niacin. Riboflavin is also required to maintain healthy skin, mucus membranes,
cornea of the eye, and nerve sheaths.


Riboflavin-deficiency health problems include:

Chelosis (cracks at the corners of the mouth and nostrils)
Angular stomatitis

Seborrheic dermatitis of the nasal folds

Soreness and burning of lips, mouth and tongue
Geographic tongue, magenta tongue

Photophobia

Lacrimation (tearing)
Capillary “injection” of cornea
Anemia

Neuropathy

Signs of overdos
B,


itamin B, overdose can result in a relative deficiency in B, and

6


Vitamin B, (niacin, nicotinic acid, nicotinamide, niacinamide) function:

Vitamin B,, isolated in 1900, functions in humans as a part of the coenzymes
nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) and nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide
phosphate (NADP), known as the pyridine nucleotides. These coenzymes interact
with cellular respiratory enzymes. They are essential to the oxidation-reduction
reactions in the release of energy from carbohydrates, fats and proteins. These
coenzymes in their reduced forms are NADH and NADPH. In addition NAD is
required for glycogen synthesis.

In the early part of the 18th century, a disease that was characterized by
a rough, red scaly dermatitis, flourished in Europe. Nearly 200 years later, the
disease was still devastating human populations, particularly in Spain, Italy, and

the southern regions of the United States. Pellegra, was an “epidemic” in the


U.S.in the period between the Civil War and the early 1900s. It appeared with
such frequency that medical experts were confident that it was an infectious
disease that was spred from one person to another; others thought it was caused
by eating rotten corn; others thought it was spread by a species of fly because it
occurred at higher rates in the spring when flies were attacking humans in noisy-
winged hords.

===== Screenshot (578) -- Page 618 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Even though pellagra was seen to be consistently related to corn-based diets,
again the medical doctors were convinced it was caused by germs and isolated
pellagra patients in “retardation centers" in much the same fashion as putting
tuberculosis patients in sanitariums for isolation and recovery.

Dr.Joseph Goldberger, was one of the first physicians to be convinced that
pellagra was a deficiency disease. He began to experiment with the diets of
children in a Mississippi orphanage who were on a corn-based diet and suffered
from pellagra. After adding meat, milk, and eggs to their diets, pellagra
disappeared.

In 1915 Dr. Goldberger conducted a classic experiment in human nutrition. For
six months Goldberger fed prisoners in a Mississippi prison farm the typical diet
of people who were hard hit with pellagra. After they developed symptoms of the
disease he changed their diets to include meat, milk, or yeast and the symptoms
rapidly disappeared.

Physicians remained skeptical until 1937, when Conrad Elvehjem at the
University of Wisconsin reported that dogs with experimentally produced
pellagra could be cured with a form of “niacin” named nicotinic acid. Purified
niacin was then used on human patients with classic signs of pellagra and their
disease was cured When niacin status was gauged by urinary metablyte levels,
the quantities of supplementary tryptophan required to give the same response
as one mg of niacin ranged from 39 to 86 mg. Convention allows that 60 mg of
tryptophan is equivalent to one mg of niacin,

Vitamin B, (niacin) deficiency health problems include:

Pellagra which includes the “three Ds” (diarrhea, dermatitis, dementia)
Retardation
Muscular weakness

Anorexia

“Beef tongue" (swollen, sore, red tongue)
Skin pigmentation

Sealy, itchy dermatitis

Signs of overdose: Vitamin B; (nicotinic acid only) overdose can result in hot
flushes of the skin, ulcers, liver disease, elevated blood sugar and uric acid, cardiac
arrhythmia, and dry, itchy skin.

The ingestion of a pharmacological dose of nicotinic acid ranging from three
to nine grams per day produces a variety of metabolic symptoms, including an
increased utilization of muscle glycogen stores, decreased serum lipids


lowers cholesterol, etc.), and decreased mobilization of fatty acids from adipose
tissue during exercise.

Vitamin B, (pantothenic acid) function:

When scientists discovered pantothenic acid in the 1930s, they were not
searching for a cause, prevention, or cure for any particular disease. In fact, they
were looking for a nutrient that would stimulate the growth of yeast. Along the
way, investigators found a substance that would support the growth of yeast, that
when missing in animal diets would produce deficiency diseases.

The symptoms of pantothenic acid deficiency varied from one animal species
to another. In general, however, animals that were placed on pantothenic acid-
deficient diets demonstrated a reduced growth rate, anemia, nerve degenerative
diseases, reduced immune functions, gastric ulcers, and a wide variety of birth
defects.

Pantothenic acid, aka vitamin Bg, was isolated in 1940. Its primary
physiological roles as a component of the coenzyme A molecule and within the
4’phosphopantetheine moiety of the acyl carrier protein of fatty acid synthetase,

===== Screenshot (579) -- Page 620 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

that serves in acyl-group activation and transfer reactions. These reactions are
essential for the release of energy from carbohydrates; in gluconeogenesis; in
the synthesis and degradation of fatty acids; in the synthesis of such essential
compounds as sterols and steroid hormones, porphyrins, and acetylcholine; and
in acylation reactions.

Pantothenic acid-deficiency health problems include:

Dermatitis

Burning feet

Muscle cramps

Anorexia

Anemia

Quarrelsome attitude

sullen

Depressed

Insomnia

Depressed immune system
Tachycardia

Fainting (“light headedness")
Gl distress (gas, diarrhea, gut pain)

Signs of overdose: Vitamin B, overdose (10 to 20 grams per day) can result in a
relative deficiency of thiamine, diarrhea, and edema.
Vitamin B, (pyridoxine) function:

Vitamin Bg, originally designated B3, is found as three chemically, metabolically,
and functionally related structures pyridoxine (pyridoxol, PN), pyridoxal (PL), and

pyridoxamine (PM). These structures are converted in the liver, red blood cells,
and other tissues to pyridoxal phosphate (PLP) and pyridoxamine phosphate
(PMP), which act primarily as coenzymes in transamination reactions. PLP
also participates in decarboxylation and racemization of A in amino acids, in
other metabolic transformations of amino acids, and the metabolism of lipids
and nucleic acids. In addition, Bg is the essential coenzyme for glycogen
phosphorylase. The phosphoric esters of the active forms of vitamin Bg are
hydrolyzed before release from cells. Also, PL can be further oxidized to pyridoxic
acid and other inactive oxidation products, which are excreted in the urine.

The various food forms of vitamin B, are absorbed by intestinal mucosal
cells through a nonsaturable process. Cellular Bg is metabolically phosphorylated,
and two of the phospho-forms (PNP and PMP) are oxidized to PLP. PLP is
largely present in the plasma as a PLP-albumin complex and in erythrocytes in
association with hemoglobin.

The Nationwide Food Consumption Survey done in 1980 revealed that the
US. consumption of pyridoxine fell below 70% of the RDA in 50% of the
individuals surveyed. The use of prescription medications including birth control
pills, steroids, or antibiotics such as isoniazid (for the treatment of tuberculosis)
or penicillamine, increases the need for pyridoxine. There are some individuals
with an inborn error of metabolism and sickle-cell anemia that will respond to Bg
supplementation.

Pyridoxine (B,) deficiency health problems include:

Depression, mental confusion

Inflammation of the oral mucus membranes
Nausea

Vomiting

===== Screenshot (580) -- Page 622 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

PMS

Seborrheic dermatitis,

Itchy scaly skin

Oral mucus membrane lesions
Carpal tunnel syndrome

T™J

Peripheral neuritis

y)


Ataxia (instabil
Hyperirritability.

Head tic (Tourette's syndrome)
Siezures. Convulsions

Signs of overdose: Vitamin B, overdose can result in peripheral neuropathies in
fingers and legs.
Vitamin B,, (cyanocobalamin) function:

The search for vitamin B,, began in 1926, following the observation that
individuals with pernicious anemia could cure the disease by consuming a pound


of raw liver per day. Dr. William Castle theorized that the liver contained
an antipernicious anemia (APA) factor. He also theorized that individuals who
developed pernicious anemia lacked an intrinsic factor (Castle's Intrinsic Factor)
that was required for the utilization of the APA factor.

The pursuit of the APA factor was slow and elusive until 1948 (because
humans stored and recycled vitamin B,,), when an unusual “experimental animal”
was discovered that could be used for testing. The ideal laboratory animal turned
out to be a microorganism, Lactobacillus lactis.

Later in 1948, two independent teams (one in the UK and the other in the U.S)
were able to isolate the pure APA factor: vitamin B,>. They were able to glean 20

mg of the B,, from a ton of liver.

The terms vitamin B,, and cobalamin are used for all of the cobalt-
containing corrinoids that can be converted to methylcobalamin or 5'-
deoxyadenosylcobalamin the two cobalamine coenzymes active in human
metabolism. Cyanocobalamin is the primary commercial form of vitamin B;>
found in vitamin pills and pharmaceuticals. This form is water soluble and heat
resistant, and when it is ingested or injected it is converted (by the removal
of cyanide) to the forms that are metabolically useful in vertebrates including
humans.

In plasma and tissue, the primary forms of B,, are methylcobalamin,
adenosylcobalamin, and hydroxocobalamin. Animal products and bacterial
fermentation are the most common sources of B,2. The most common forms
of By, in meat are adenosyl-and hydroxocobalamin; in dairy products (including
human breast milk) the most common forms are methyl-and hydroxocobalamin.

Bacteria, fungi, and algae can synthesize vitamin B,>. However, yeast, higher
plants and animals of all forms are unable to. Vitamin B,, and folate are both
required for the synthesis of DNA and RNA, which carry the human genome for
every living cell. Vitamin B,, is required to support the function of bone marrow
and the production of myelin (nerve fiber insulation coating) and a key role in
folic acid metabolism. It is required to release free folate from its bound form so it,
can be absorbed, transported and stored. A deficiency of vitamin B,, will result in
a folic acid deficiency even though the intake of folic acid is optimal. A deficiency
of either vitamin produces a similar form of macrocytic, megaloblastic anemia.

Deficiency: The deficiency of cyanocobalamine can result from an overt dietary
deficiency as well as secondary to hypochlorhydria (lack of stomach acid), salt
deficiency, and gluten intolerance.

===== Screenshot (581) -- Page 624 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Vitimin B,, deficiency health problems include:

Pernicious anemia (macrocytic, megaloblastic anemia)

Dementia

Neuropsychiatric behavior

Brain, spinal cord, optic nerve and peripheral nerve demyelination
Neuropathy

Sore tongue

General weakness

Liver disease

Signs of overdose: For vitamin B,, overdose: “No clear toxicity has been reported
from daily oral consumption of B,, in doses of up to 100 ug.”

Folic Acid (Folacin) vitamin By function:

Folic acid was identified in 1946. It is required for the synthesis of DNA and RNA
and erythrocytes. Folate and folacin are generic terms for compounds that have
nutritional activity and chemical structures like those of folic acid (pteroyglutamic
acid, or PGA). Metabolically active forms of folate have reduced (tetrahydro)
pteridine rings and many glutamic acids attached (polyglutamates).

Folates act metabolically as coenzymes that transport single carbon units
from one compound to another in amino acid metabolism and nucleic acid (DNA
and RNA) synthesis. Folates and vitamin B,, work interdependently. A deficiency
of either vitamin produces a megaloblastic, macrocytic anemia. In 1930 Lucy
Wills and her investigating team reported that “yeast contained a substance that
could cure macrocytic anemia in pregnant women. However, it was not until 1946
that folic acid was isolated.

Many medications interfere with folic acid absorption and metabolism

including methotrexate, aspirin, oral contraceptives, anti-convulsives, anti-
psoriatic, and cancer treatment pharmaceuticals.


Deficiency: The deficiency of folic can result from a diet lacking in
green leafy vegetables and from malabsorption problems (such as gluten
intolerance [includes bourbon, scotch and beer], celiac disease, leaky gut

syndrome, IBS, etc.) and can include:

Impaired cell division

Birth defects (Neural tube defects (hydroencephaloceole, spina bifida, etc.)
Failure to thrive

Anemia

Diarrhea

Bleeding gums

Weight loss

irritability


Overdose of folic acid: This can cause a relative zinc deficiency by impairing

absorption.

Biotin (B, or vitamin H) function:

In the early 1930s, an English investigator from the Lister Institute of
Preventative Medicine in London fed laboratory rats on egg whites for several
weeks, which produced an eczema type of skin inflammation, alopecia, paralysis,
and subcutaneous hemorrhaging. It was called the “egg white syndrome.” In 1940
Paul Gyorgy identified the substance to cure this as biotin or vitamin H. It is
required for glucose metabolism and for the production of fatty acids. Biotin is a
sulfur-containing vitamin. Biotin is an important part of enzymes that facilitate
the transport of carboxyl units and fix carbon dioxide in animal tissue. The

===== Screenshot (582) -- Page 626 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

conversion of biotin to the active form of the coenzyme is dependent on the
presence of magnesium and adenosine triphosphate (ATP).

Two biotin enzymes, pyruvate carboxylase and acetyl-coenzyme A (CoA)
carboxylase, are required for gluconeogenesis and fatty acid synthesis. A Fatty

liver and fatty kidneys, hypoglycemia, and reduced gluconeogenesis in the liver


are common in a biotin deficiency state. Two other biotin enzymes, propionyl-
CoA carboxylase and 3-methylcrotonyl CoA carboxylase, are essential for
proprionate metabolism and the breakdown of branched-chain amino acids.

The consumption of raw egg whites for weeks can produce a biotin deficiency
because it contains avidin, a substance that binds with biotin in the intestine and
prevents its absorption.

The deficiency of the biotin enzymes results in the urinary excretion of
organic acids, skin rash, and alopecia. Multiple carboxylase deficiencies are
commonly the result of defective holocarboxylase synthetase, which is required
for the conversion of inactive apocarboxylase to form active carboxylase by the
supplementation of biotin. This inborn error of metabolism can be “overcome” in
an epigenetic fashion by supplementation of large doses of biotin.


Biotin-deficiency health problems can result in:

Eczema, dermatitis
Alopecia (baldness)

Myalgia (muscle pain)
Fatigue

Fatty liver

Inborn errors of metabolism
Depression

Hyperesthesia, paraesthesia

Blephritis
Gray, silver or white hair
Anorexia

Insomnia.

Weight loss
Hallucinations

Signs of biotin overdose: The LDso is unknown and there have not been any
credible reports of toxicity from large doses of biotin, even with doses greater
than 10 mg daily.

Vitamin C (ascorbic acid) function:


Vitamin C required cofactor for the production of collagen, connective tissue,
cartilage, bones, teeth, blood vessel walls, capillaries, and it also increases the
efficiency of absorption of inorganic iron.

Scurvy, characterized by muscle weakness, lethargy, and subcutaneous
bleeding, was recorded before the Christian era. Ship’s logs reported a common
and widespread disease of sailors during the 16th century; it was a common
disease during the American Civil War and in Antarctic explorers, including
adventurer Captain Robert Scott and his crew who died of scurvy as late as 1912.

Cures for scurvy were recorded shortly after the naming of the disease,
including green salads, fruit, vegetables, pickled cabbage, scallions, young onions,
and drinks made from wormwood, horseradish, and mustard seed. In 1530 the
French explorer, Jacques Cartier reported how the natives of Newfoundland cured
his crew's scurvy with a tea made from pine trees.

Scurvy continued to be the “scurge of the navy” 200 years later when Dr.
James Lind, began an experiment that identified a cure for scurvy. Lind gave six

===== Screenshot (583) -- Page 628 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

different supplements to the ship's standard diet. To one pair of men in each
group, he gave a different supplement:

1. Sulfuric acid solution
2. Cider

3. Sea water

4. Vinegar

5. Blend of garlic, mustard seed, balsam of Peru and gum myrrh
6. Two oranges and a lemon daily

The sailors who consumed the fruit recovered quickly, the sailors that took
the cider had a small improvement in two weeks; however, none of the others
improved. Lind quickly published his experimental results, although it would be
another 50 years before the British navy added limes to their sailor's diets.

In 1932 vitamin C was isolated by C. G. King and W. A. Waugh from the
University of Pittsburgh, and by Albert Szent-Gyorgyi in Hungary. Szent-Gyorgyi
knew that the vitamin had some similarities to sugar, and he initially proposed
that the substance be named “ignosco,” Latin for “I do not know” and “ose”
the suffix common to sugars. The editor of a British journal refused to accept
the name, prompting Szent-Gyorgyi to offer the alternative name of “godnose.”
Ultimately, when Szent-Gyorgyi’s article was published, the vitamin was dubbed
hexuronic acid and later the name was changed to ascorbic—"without scurvy"—
acid.

The biochemical properties of vitamin C include its function as a cosubstrate
in hydroxylations requiring molecular oxygen, as in the hydroxylation of proline
and lysine in the formation of collagen, of dopamine to norepinephrine,
and of tryptophan to 5-hydroxytryptophane. It is also involved in reactions
involving a series of other compounds including tyrosine, folic acid, histamine,

corticosteroids, neuroendocrine peptides, and bile acids. Vitamin C also affects
the functions of white blood cells, macrophages, immune responses, wound
healing, and allergic reactions. Ascorbic acid increases the absorption efficiency of
elemental iron when they are consumed together.

Vitamin C deficiency can result in:

Bleeding gums
Loose teeth

Bruising

Dry rough skin

Anorexia

Poor growth

Elevated cancer risk

Slow wound healing

Scurvy

Skin hemorrhages

Swollen joints (particularly wrist and ankles)
Rib and cartilage fractures

Signs of overdose: Too much vitamin C can result in tissue deposits of oxalate
crystals, urinary tract inflammation, diarrhea, lyses (breakage of cell walls) of red
blood cells,


Choline functi

Choline has been known to be present in mammalian tissue, including human,
since it was initially discovered and isolated from hog bile in 1862. It can be
biosynthesized from ethanolamine and methyl groups derived from the essential

===== Screenshot (584) -- Page 630 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

amino acid methionine, however, it is believed that most of the humans source is
derived from dietary phosphatides.

Choline is a major structural component of larger molecules; as a component
of phosphatidylcholine (lecithin), it is essential to the structure of all cell
membranes, plasma lipoproteins, and pulmonary surfactants; in the central
nervous system, choline functions as a structural component of sphingomyelin
and the neurotransmitter acetylcholine.


Choline deficiency can resutt in

Fatty liver
Liver cirrhosis,

Kidney hemorrhage
Alzheimer's disease, dementia
Tardive dyskinesia
Huntington's disease

Overdose: None known

Inositol function:

Inositol—aka myo-inositol, is a cyclic alcohol (cyclohexanehexol) that is
chemically similar to glucose. There are nine inositol isomers, however, myo-
inositol is the only one of metabolic importance for plant and animal metabolism.
It is found in plants as phytic acid and in animals myo-inositol is a major
constituent of phospholipids in biomembranes. Myo-inositol is believed to be
an essential nutrient because myo-inositol triphosphate is a second messenger
for receptor-mediated hormonal stimuli for mobilizing intracellular calcium.
Additionally, myo-inositol appears to have a lipotrophic function that may
originate from its vital role as a substrate for the biosynthesis of phosphatidyl

inositol and polyphos-hoinositides, which are essential for the structure of
biomembranes.

Inositol defi


ney can result in:

Fat metabolism problems
Intestinal lipodystrophy

Fatty liver

Diabetes mellitus

Diabetic neuropathy

Slow nerve conduction velocity
Renal failure Galactosemia

Signs of overdose: none are known, even with “large supplemental doses.”

Bioflavonoids function:


Bioflavonoids, a diverse group of carbon compounds that are biologically active,
were isolated in 1936. While not generally considered essential nutrients, there
is more than enough evidence to support a claim for essentiality. The name,
flavonoids or bioflavonoids, was derived from the Latin, flavus, which translates
to the color yellow common in flavonoids. Flavanoids were originally referred
to as vitamin P, as they were related to the permeability levels of small blood
vessels.
There are three classes of flavonoids:

1. Flavonoids or bioflavonoids
2. Isoflavonoids (e.g., 3-phenylchromen-4-one)

3. Neoflavonoids (e.g., 4-phenylcoumarine)

===== Screenshot (585) -- Page 632 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Flavonoids are widely associated with plants. Flavonoids are plant pigments
that are found in flowers as yellow, red and blue petals, these colors are
attractants for pollinating insects and animals indirectly associated with the
annual sexual cycle of plants. In plants, bioflavonoids also act as chemical
messengers, physiological messengers, and cell cycle inhibitors.

Flavonoids are known to have a wide range of biological and pharmaceutical
effects in in vitro studies of human cell cultures. In the whole person
(in vivo studies) supplementation with flavonoids have demonstrated clinical
effectiveness for reducing or eliminating allergies, vascular and pulmonary
inflammation, for increasing ORAC antioxidant activity, antimicrobial properties
(eg,, bacteria, viruses, yeast, fungus), improving gastrointestinal function and
supporting the immune system in cancer patients.

Flavonoid containing grape-seed extracts have demonstrated protective
antioxidant properties against reactive oxygen species in the gastrointestinal
tract.

Studies at the Pauling Institute suggest that the antioxidant effects in human
blood are produced by bioflavonoids are due to an increase in the production of
uric acid related to the excretion of flavonoids.


Studies suggest that flavonoids produce an anti-inflammatory effect via a
modulation or through their ability to inhibit reactive oxygen and nitrogen
compounds. Flavonoids are also thought to inhibit the pro-inflammatory activity
of enzymes that produce free radicals including cycloioxygenase, lipoxygenase or
inducible nitric oxide synthase, and to modify intracellular signaling pathways in
immune cell species.

Procyanidins, a class of flavonoids, have been shown to have anti-
inflammatory mechanisms, including the modulation of the arachidonic acid
pathway, inhibition of gene transcription, protein expression and activity of
inflammatory enzymes as well as secretion of anti-inflammatory mediators.

It is well documented that flavonoids have a positive role in reducing the risk
of cardiovascular disease by:

1. Inhibiting coagulation, thrombus formation, and platelet aggregation
2. Reducing risk of atherosclerosis

3. Reducing arterial blood pressure and hypertension

4

. Reducing oxidative stress and related signaling pathways of vascular
cells

5. Modifying vascular inflammatory mechanisms
6. Improving endothelial and capillary function

7. Modifying blood lipid levels

8, Regulating carbohydrate and glucose metabolism

9. Modifying the mechanisms of aging

Bioflavonoid deficiency can result in:

Capillary hemorrhage
Reduced immune capacity

Widespread free radical injury and inflammation
Hemorrhoids

Venous insufficiency

Leg ulcers

Bruising

Nosebleeds

Increased cancer risk

Shortened lifespan

Reduced telomere length and viability

===== Screenshot (586) -- Page 634 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Amino Acids

‘Amino acids are a basic group of structural and biologically active organic
compounds. Amino acids are identified by the presence of amine (-NH,) and
carboxylic acid (-COOH) functional groups. The primary elements of amino acids
are carbon, hydrogen, oxygen and nitrogen; however, other elements are present
on side chains of each structure. About 500 different amino acids are known.

‘Amino acids are the basic structural unit of proteins, and are second only to
water in human muscle, cells, tissues and organs. Amino acids are also essential to.
the function of neurotransmission, transport. and biosynthesis.

In 1806 French chemists Louis-Nicolas Vauquelin and Pierre Jean Robiquet
isolated a substance from asparagus that they named “asparagine"—the first

amino acid had been identified.


There are nine amino acids that are classically considered to be “essential”
amino acids: Histidine, Isoleucine, leucine, Lysine, Methionine, Phenylalanine,
Threonine, Tryptophan and Valine. These amino acids can’t be synthesized
by humans and must be consumed on a daily basis to prevent deficiencies
and disease consequences. Three additional amino acids, Arginine, Taurine and
Tyrosine are not classically considered to be essential. However, the deficiency
of these amino acids does result in specific deficiency diseases and are therefore
considered here.

Arginine

Arginine (Arg) was first isolated in 1886 from a lupin seedling by the Swiss
chemist Ernst Schultze and is synthesized from citrulline by the sequential
employment of the cytosolic enzymes argininosuccinate synthetase (ASS) and

argininosuccinate lyase (ASL). This process is expensive in terms of energy
since the production of each molecule of argininosuccinate requires hydrolysis
of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) to adenosine monophosphate (AMP), and by


supplementing with arginine, more ATP is available to provide cell function fuel.

At the structural level of molecular genetics, the messenger ribonucleic acid
(mRNA), CGU, CGC, CGA, CGG, AGA, and AGG are the triplets of nucleotide bases
(codons) that code for arginine during protein synthesis.

Arginine is required for complete and efficient cell division, wound healing,
facilitating the biological use of and the excretion of ammonia, immune system
support, and the availability of stored hormones. The oral supplementation of
arginine is required for the synthesis of nitric oxide (NO), the reduction of healing
time following trauma, and is particularly useful for bone trauma; it reduces
blood pressure and increases blood flow through obstructed blood vessels.

Arginine (8%) toothpaste produces rapid and effective relief from dental pain
by producing a dentin-like material that is made up of calcium and phosphate
that is deposited in the dentin tubules and on the surface of dentin.

Arginine is commonly employed concurrently with proanthocyanidines or
yohimbine for the relief of erectile dysfunction.

Histidine


His jidazole


ine (His) is an amino acid with an alpha amino acid with an i
functional group. It is one of the 22 proteinogenic amino acids. Histidine was first
isolated in 1896 by the German physician Albrecht Kossel.

The imidazole sidechain of histidine is a coordinating ligand of
metalloproteins and is a part of catalytic sites in certain enzymes. In catalytic
triads, the basic nitrogen of histidine is used to abstract a proton from serine,
threonine, or cysteine to activate it as a nucleophile. In a histidine proton

===== Screenshot (587) -- Page 636 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

shuttle, histidine is used to quickly shuttle protons. Histidine is also required
for haemoglobin in helices E and F. Histidine supports the stabilization of
oxyhaemoglobin and the destabilization of CO (carbon monoxide) haemoglobin.
‘As a result, carbon monoxide binding is less than 200 times stronger in
haemoglobin, compared to 20,000 times stronger in free haem.

Isoleucine

Isoleucine (Ile) is an alpha amino acid with the codons AUU, AUC, and AUA. As
a result of its hydrocarbon side chain, isoleucine is classed as a hydrophobic
amino acid. In 1903 Felix Ehrlich, a German chemist, isolated isoleucine from
hemoglobin.

Isoleucine is both a glucogenic and ketogenic amino acid. Following
transamination with alphaketogluterate, the carbon skeleton can be converted
into Succinyl CoA, and then fed into the TCA cycle for oxidation, or converted
into oxaloacetate for gluconeogenesis (ie, glucogenic). In mammals, including
humans, Acetyl CoA can’t be converted back to carbohydrate; however, it can be
employed in the synthesis of ketone bodies or fatty acids - it is ketogenic.

Leucine

Leucine (Leu) is a branched chain alpha amino acid that is classified as a
hydrophobic amino acid. It has six codons (UUA, UUG, CUU, CUC, CUA, and CUG)
and is a significant part of the subunits of ferritin, astacin, and a class of “buffer”
proteins.

Leucine has major functions in the liver, adipose tissue, and muscle. In muscle
and adipose tissue, leucine is employed to synthesize sterols and its combined use
in these tissues is larger than that used by the liver. Leucine is solely responsible

for the synthesis of muscle proteins.

Leucine is important as a catalysts for muscle growth and muscle “insurance.”
Additionally, leucine activates the mammalian target of rapamycin kinase that
regulates cell growth.

Leucine toxicity, manifested as in decompensated Maple Syrup Urine Disease
(MSUD), produces delirium, neurologic compromise and can be life threatening.
Excessive leucine intake can produce clinical pellagra ("the four D's"), ie.,
diarrhea, dermatitis, dementia, and death.

Lysine

Lysine (Lys) is an essential amino acid with the codons AAA and AAG. Lysine is
a base, as are arginine and histidine. Lysine participates in hydrogen bonding
and a general base in catalysis. Common post-transitional modifications of lysine
include methylation producing methyl-, dimethyl-, and trimethyllysine.

Lysine in mammals is metabolized to produce acetyl-CoA through an initial
transamination with alpha ketogluterate. Allysine is a derivative of lysine and is
required for the production of elastin and collagen. It is produced by the activity
of the enzyme lysyl oxidase (requires a copper cofactor) on lysine and is essential
for the crosslink formation that acts to stabilizes collagen and elastin. Lysine
consumption contributes to the prevention and repair of spider veins, varicose
veins, hemorrhoids, and aneurysms.

In the 1993 big-screen film Jurassic Park (based on the 1990 Michael
Crichton novel) featured dinosaurs that were brought back by DNA engineering
from DNA collected from fossilized dinosaurs. The script featured the story that
the dinosaurs were altered so that they could not produce lysine (the “lysine
contingency”) that would prevent the dinosaurs survival outside of the park, thus

===== Screenshot (588) -- Page 638 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

forcing them to be dependent on lysine supplements provided by the park's
supplement program.

Methionine

Methionine (Met) is a nonpolar amino acid with a single codon, AUG. Methionine
is a sulfur-containing proteinogenic amino acid with the derivative S-adenosyl
methionine (SAM) which serves as a methyl donor. Methionine is an intermediate
in the biosynthesis of cysteine, carnitine, taurine, lecithin, phosphatidylcholine,
and other phospholipids. The AUG codon is the most common eukaryote “Start”
message for a ribosome that signals the initiation of protein translation from
mRNA when the AUG codon is in a Kozak consensus sequence.

Methionine is employed by plants for the synthesis of ethylene, the process is
known as the Yang Cycle or the methionine cycle.
converted to methionine

Methionine is (SAM) by

methionine adenosyltransferase. SAM serves as a methyl-donor in several

S-adenosyl

methyltransferase reactions, and is converted to S-adenosylhomocysteine (SAH).
Adenosylhomocysteinase converts SAH to homocysteine, which is then employed
to regenerate methionine or to synthesize cysteine.

Laboratory rats fed a methionine-free diet developed steatohepatitis (fatty
liver disease), anemia, and lost two thirds of their body weight over five weeks.
Supplementation with methionine resolved all of the disease problems of the
study group.

‘Some studies have shown that restriction of methionine can increase lifespans
of laboratory animals. A study, published in Nature, demonstrated that adding
methionine to the diets of fruit flies under dietary calorie restriction restored
fecundity without reducing the longer lifespans that are typical of dietary
restriction.

Phenylalanine

Phenylalanine (Phe) is an alpha amino acid that is classified as nonpolar because
of the hydrophobic nature of its benzyl side chain. Phenylalanine is one of twenty
amino acids employed biochemically to synthesize proteins coded for by DNA.
The codons for phenylalanine are UUU and UUC.

The first reports of the isolation of phenylalanine were made in 1879 by
Schulze and Barbieri, who isolated the amino acid from the yellow Lupine (Lupinus
luteus). In 1882, Erienmeyer and Lipp first synthesized phenylalanine from
phenylacetaldehyde, hydrogen cyanide and ammonia.

Phenylalanine is a precursor for tyrosine, the monoamine signaling molecules
dopamine, norepinephrine (noradrenaline), and epinephrine (adrenaline), and the
skin and hair pigment melanin (this procedure requires the cofactor copper).
Phenylalanine employs the same active transport channel as tryptophan to cross
the blood-brain barrier, in large doses it will interfere with the production of
serotonin.

The inborn error of metabolism known as phenylketonuria (PKU), falsely
believed to be a genetically-transmitted disease, is the inability to metabolize
phenylalanine. Avoidance of phenylalanine prevents the symptoms of PKU.

A non-food source of phenylalanine is the non-sugar sweetener aspartame
marketed as Equal and NutraSweet, both of which are metabolized into several
chemical byproducts including phenylalanine. Thus, all products in Australia, the
United States, and Canada that contain aspartame are labeled “Phenylketonurics:
Contains phenylalanine.” In the UK, foods containing aspartame must be labeled
“aspartame or E951” and they must be labeled with the warning “Contains a
source of phenylalanine.” In Brazil, the label “Contem Fenilalanina” (Portuguese
for “Contains Phenylalanine”) is mandatory for aspartame containing products.

===== Screenshot (589) -- Page 640 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

DL-Phenylalanine is marketed as a nutritional supplement as a sleep aid, an
anti-depressant and as an analgesic (pain reliever).

Taurine

Taurine (Ta) has many biological roles including the conjugation of bile acids,
acts as an antioxidant, osmoregulation, membrane stabilization, and modulation
of calcium signaling. Taurine is essential for the functioning of the cardiovascular
system, skeletal muscle, the retina and the central nervous system. Taurine is
unique in that it is a sulfonic acid, whereas the majority of biologically occurring
acids contain the carboxyl group.

Taurine is named after the Latin Taurus, which means bull or ox, as it was first
isolated from ox bile in 1827 by the German scientists Friedrich Tiedermann and
Leopold Gmelin.

Taurine is required for the maintenance of skeletal muscle and the
maintenance of healthy blood pressure. Taurine deficiency can produce cataracts
and retinal damage.

Doses of taurine in excess of 2 gm/day have been shown to contribute to the
genesis of psoriasis.

Threonine

Threonine (Thr) is an alpha amino acid that is classified as polar; its codons
are ACU, ACA, ACC, and ACG. Together with serine, threonine is one of only
two proteinogenic amino acids that bear an alcohol group. The threonine
residue is susceptible to numerous post-transitional modifications; it can undergo
glycosylation and phosphorylation through the action of threonine kinase.
Threonine is converted to pyruvate via threonine dehydrogenase, an

intermediate in this pathway can undergo thiolysis with CoA to produce acetyl-
CoA and glycine; it can also be converted to alpha ketobutyrate via the enzyme
serine dehydrogenase entering the pathway leading to succinyl-CoA.

Tryotophan

Tryptophan (Trp) is an essential amino acid encoded in the standard genetic code
as the codon UGG. Only L-tryptophan is used in structural enzyme proteins. The
D-tryptophan form is found in marine venom peptides called contryphan.

Tryptophan was isolated in 1901 by Frederick Hopkins via hydrolysis of
casein (milk protein). Tryptophan is employed as a building block of protein
biosynthesis and is a biochemical precursor of serotonin (a neurotransmitter),
synthesized via tryptophan hydroxylase. Serotonin can be converted to melatonin
(a neurohormone); niacin is synthesized from tryptophan via kynurenine and
quinolinic acids as essential biosynthetic intermediates; auxin (a phytohormone)
is produced when sieve tube elements undergo apoptosis (programed cell-death),
tryptophan is converted to auxins.

The disorders, fructose malabsorption, lactose intolerance, and gluten
intolerance cause a reduced state of tryptophan absorption from the intestine,
therefore causing reduced levels of tryptophan in the blood and clinical
depression. Tryptophan supplements are sold as sleep aids.

‘A metabolite of tryptophan, S-hydroxytryptophan (S-HTP), has been
suggested as a treatment for seizure disorders and depression. It rapidly
crosses the blood brain barrier and is rapidly decarboxylated to serotonin (5-
hydroxytryptamine or 5-HT).

In 1989 there was a large tryptophan-associated outbreak of eosinophilia-
myalgia syndrome (EMS) which caused at least 1,500 cases of permanent
disability and at least 37 deaths. The problem was traced to a supply of L-

===== Screenshot (590) -- Page 642 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

tryptophan that was produced and exported to the United States by a Japanese
manufacturer, Showa Denko KK. The final explanation for the outbreak of EMS,
was that “large doses of tryptophan gave rise to metabolites that inhibit the
normal rate of degradation of histamine, and excess histamine in turn was
proposed as the cause of EMS.”

Tyrosine

Tyrosine (Tyr ) is one of 22 amino acids that are employed by cells to synthesize
proteins; its codons are UAC and UAU. The origin of the word “tyrosine” is the
Greek word for cheese, as it was first isolated in 1846 from cheese by the German
chemist Justus von Liebig.

In addition to being a proteinogenic amino acid, tyrosine has a special function
because of its phenol functionality. Tyrosine is found in proteins that are part of
a signal transduction function. It acts as a receiver of phosphate groups that are
transferred by means of protein kinases. Phosphorylation of the hydroxyl group
alters the activity of the target protein.

In plants, tyrosine residues play an essential role in photosynthesis. In
chloroplasts, tyrosine acts as an electron donor in the reduction of oxidized
chlorophyll. In this process tyrosine undergoes deprotonation of its phenolic OH-
group. This radical is ultimately reduced in the photosystem Il by the four core
manganese clusters.

Tyrosine phosphorylation is believed to be one of the key steps in signal
transduction and regulation of enzymatic activity.

Tyrosine is a precursor for the synthesis of neurotransmitters, and particularly
for dopamine and norepinephrine. Several studies have shown tyrosine to be of
benefit for colds, stress, fatigue, loss of a loved one or divorce, prolonged work
hours, and sleep deprivation, with reductions of stress hormone levels, reductions

in stress-related weight loss, and improvements in cognitive and physical
performance. However, because tyrosine hydroxylase is the rate-limiting enzyme,
the beneficial effects of tyrosine are less than those of L-Dopa.

valine

Valine (Val) is an alpha amino acid with the codons GUU, GUC, GUA, and GUG.
Valine is a branched chain amino acid that was named for the plant valerian. In
1901 valine was isolated from casein by Emil Fischer. It functions in the nervous
system to support cognitive function, function and maintenance of muscle, and
the muscle tissue recovery and metabolism post-exercise and for increasing
exercise endurance.

In sickle-cell disease, valine can substitute for the hydrophilic amino acid
glutamic acid in hemoglobin. Valine is hydrophobic; therefore the hemoglobin is
more likely to aggregate.

Essential Fatty Acids

Essential fatty acids (EFAs) are fatty acids that all vertebrates (including humans)
must consume daily because they can not be synthesized and they are required
for numerous body functions. The term “essential fatty acids” refers to long-chain
fatty acids that are required for normal biological functions, however, the EFA
group does not include those fats that are primarily employed as fuel.


There are two fatty acids that are classically regarded as essential: alpha
linolenic acid (omega-3 fatty acid) and linoleic acid (an omega-6 fatty acid).


Some fatty acids are classified as “conditionally essential.” This group includes:
arachidonic acid (an omega-6 fatty acid), docosahexaenoic acid (an omega-3 fatty
acid) and gamma-linolenic acid (an omega-6 fatty acid).

===== Screenshot (591) -- Page 644 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

In 1923 the two essential fatty acids were identified, but they were originally
listed as “vitamin F." In 1929 laboratory rat studies indicated that these two fatty
acids were more properly classed as fats rather than being listed as vitamins.

In the human body the essential fatty acids serve multiple functions, all of
which require proper ratios between omega-3 and omega-6 forms. In an article
published in the journal Brain, Behavior and Immunity, research demonstrated
that supplementation of omega-3 fatty acids to sedentary, obese adults received
a benefit of lengthening of their DNA telomeres and a reduction in inflammation
markers.

The fatty acids are required for the production and maintenance of
eicosanoids, endocannabinoids (affecting mood, behavior, and inflammation),
lipoxins (a class of eicosanoid derivatives through the lipoxygenase pathway
from omega-6 EFAs), and resolvins from omega-3 (in the presence of
aspirin, downregulating inflammation), the isofurans, neurofurans, isoprostanes,
hepoxilins, epoxyeicosatrienoic acids (EETs) and Neuroprotein D. They form lipid
“rafts” that affect cellular signaling, and they act on DNA (activating or inhibiting


transcription factors such as NF-,B, which has been linked to pro-inflammatory
cytokine production.

Essential fatty acid deficiencies will produce thrombosis (i.e., cerebral stroke,
coronary thrombosis, pulmonary embolism, and deep vein thrombosis), skin
disease (including dry/cracked skin, dermatitis, eczema, psoriasis, rosacea acnea,
etc,), respiratory disease (including asthma, chonic bronchitis, unremitting cough,
etc,), and depression.

Omega-3 fatty acids, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid
(EPA) are essential for enzymatic pathways required to metabolize long-chain
polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA). Low plasma concentrations of DHA is a
marker for low cerebral spinal fluid levels of 5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid (S-HIAA).
Low brain concentrations of 5-HIAA is directly associated with increased rates of

depression and suicide.

Minerals

Unfortunately, Buffon did not know about the 90 essential nutrients (60 minerals,
16 vitamins, 12 essential amino acids and 3 essential fatty acids) that are
required daily and, in many cases, minute-by-minute by humans. His observations
and writings essentially doomed 18th, 19th, 20th, and 21st-century man to
pharmaceuticals and the surgeon's knife and wiped his scientific and medical
contemporaries’ slates clean from any notion that essential nutrients, minerals,
trace minerals, and rare earths are required to attain and fulfill one’s genetic
potential for health and longevity.

We already know the common denominators of the cultures with the longest
living people. They are few, simple, and very clear. Their basic truth for health and
longevity boils down to the routine daily availability of a highly-usable source of
90 essential nutrients, of which the most critical are the plant-derived colloidal
minerals—simple, yes, but it works, and it works and it works! Raw materials
that are required by biological systems will always trump medical technology
of genetically-engineered proteins, stem cells, organ transplants, etc.), when it
comes to preventing and reversing birth defects, and degenerative and chronic
disease.

The standard farms in the world, both subsistence and giant corporate farms,
have veins of minerals coursing through them, similar to the veins of chocolate in
chocolate ripple ice cream. Thus one field blessed with a “high mineral content”
can produce wheat with some mineral content and some wheat with very little
mineral content or none except for NPK.

There are three basic forms of minerals:

===== Screenshot (592) -- Page 646 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

1. Metallic minerals

Metallic minerals include egg shell, oyster shell, calcium carbonate, lime stone,
dolomite, clay, mineral salt, sea water, Great Salt Lake water, mineral oxides (from
iron oxide, copper oxide, etc.), vortex water, sea-bed minerals, “soils” (which are
usually some form of clay), sea-bed clay, clay, “rock flours,” and various antacids
such as Rolaids and Tums.

Typically metallic minerals are found in tablets and powders as gluconate
(calcium gluconate, zinc gluconate, etc), lactate, sulphates, carbonates, and
oxides (iron oxide is rustil!).


Metallic minerals, despite wild claims to the contrary, are only eight percent
to twelve percent biologically available to all vertebrates, including humans; after
attaining the age of 35 to 40 years the absorptive availability to humans is


reduced to somewhere around three to five percent.

We know of a man in Grand Rapids, Michigan with a “Porta Potty" business
who literally finds thousands of multiple vitamin/mineral tablets in the bottom
screens when the “Porta Potty” is pressure cleaned after a public event or
retrieval from a construction site. When asked, How do you know that the tablets
are multiple vitamin/mineral tablets?" and he replied, “Because the logos are
readable on the coatings (such as One-A-Day, Theragram M, Centrum, etc.)!! Over
the years he has accumulated a literal mountain of these hard to dissolve tablets!!

Atypical metallic mineral supplement alone or as part of a multiple is calcium
lactate. Calcium lactate can be obtained in 1,000 mg tablets, which breaks down
to 140 mg of metallic calcium and 860 mg of milk sugar or lactose. Two 1,000 mg
calcium lactate tablets do not give you 2,000 mg of calcium; they give you only
280 mg of metallic calcium, and at an estimated ten percent bioavailability rate,
you will absorb 28 mg of biologically available calcium; therefore, to meet your
needs, you would have to take 30 tablets with each meal (90 per day) and you

would still have to supplement with an additional 59 minerals.

Amounts of Metallic Calcium in a 1,000 mg Tablet


Calcium gluconat

10 mg

Calcium carbonats


Calcium acetate.
Calcium citrat
Calcium lactate.
Cow's milk per 1,000 mg fluid.


2. Chelated minerals

Chelated (Key-late) minerals were created by the livestock industry in the 1960s
to ensure maximum availability of dietary minerals to animals being fed and
fattened for market. The original chelating agent used was calcium EDTA, a man-
made amino acid that was invented by the Germans just prior to WW II as an
antidote to arsenic and lead exposure in chemical warfare attacks. (Calcium EDTA
is used today for intravenous chelation therapy to clean out arterial obstructions.)

The term “chelated” literally means “claw,” but is used to describe the process
by which an amino acid, protein, or enzyme (enzymes are proteins that do
work) is wrapped around the mineral atom, alloy. or molecule that enhances the
bioavailability of the metallic mineral.

3. Colloidal Minerals

Colloidal (Kol - oid) chemistry is not new, but it is not widely understood or known
about by the general public. Simply said, a colloid refers to a substance that
exists as ultra-fine particles (angstrom units) that are suspended in a medium of
different matter.

===== Screenshot (593) -- Page 648 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

The colloidal state is the state of a solute (i.e, mineral, paint pigment,
homogenized milk fat, etc.) in a solution when its molecules do not separate into
atoms as with a true solution (sodium chloride or salt separates into separate
sodium and chloride atoms while in a solution), but rather remain grouped
together to form solute particles.

The presence of these inorganic colloidal particles, which are approximately
one hundred-thousandth to ten-millionth of a centimeter in diameter (about 400
thousandths to four millionths of an inch), can often be detected by means of
an electron microscope. As a result of the grouping of the molecules, a solute
in the colloidal state cannot pass through a suitable semipermeable membrane
and gives rise to negligible osmotic pressure (they will pass through filter paper),
depression of freezing point and elevation of boiling point effects.

These ultra-fine particles of the colloid are just barely larger than most
molecules and so small they can't be seen with the naked eye. About one billion
of these colloid particles would fit into a cubic 0.01 of an inch.

The “solutions” part of a colloid provides a solid, gas, or liquid medium in
which the colloid particles are suspended. The suspended particles in a colloid can
also be a solid, a gas, a lipid, or a liquid.

Solutions were classified by H. Freundlich in 1925 into three categories:

1. True solutions
2. Colloidal solutions
3. Emulsions and suspensions

The four part method of classifying solutions is as follows:

1. Identify particle size

2. Determine presence of Brownian movement (random movement of
particles suspended in liquids or gasses resulting from the impact of
molecules of the fluid surrounding the particles)

3. Ability to pass through filter paper

4. Level of solubility

In 1975 S. S. Voyutsky (a Russian) wrote the classic text on colloidal
chemistry. Voyutsky referred to solutions as “molecular dispersion systems” and
“heterogeneous highly dispersed colloidal systems.”

The exact point between the molecular and colloidal degrees of dispersion
cannot be established because the transition from molecularly dispersed systems
to coarsely dispersed systems is a continuous range.

A colloidal system must have three basic characte


ics:

1.It must be heterogeneous (consists of dissimilar ingredients or
constituents).

2. The system must multi-phasic (i.e., solid/liquid, gas/liquid, etc.)
3. The particles must be insoluble (do not dissolve in the solution).

Each one of these classifications interacts with the others to give colloids
their unique qualities. The interesting thing about colloids is that they remain
heterogeneous, multi-phasic, and insoluble at different concentrations as long as.
a larger number, if not all of the particles, are within the range of sizes of colloids
(in to100n).

The molecular groups or particles of the colloid solute carry a resultant
electrical charge, generally of the same sign (negative) for all of the particles. A
small percentage of these inorganic colloids will pass through the intestine of a
living animal or human because a natural chelating process takes place in the gut
in the presence of protein-containing food.

===== Screenshot (594) -- Page 650 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Inorganic colloidal material readily passes through filter paper by placing
the mixture of mineral colloid and non-colloid in a parchment shell surrounded
by distilled water. The inorganic colloids are “too large” to pass through the
membrane, but the molecules of salt, starch, and sugar or any other dissolved
substance pass readily through the semipermeable membrane (they separate into
individual atoms or very small molecules). This kind of separation process is called
“dialysis.”

In the process of digestion the inorganic minerals in food or supplements soon
become inorganic colloids, and as an inorganic colloid they cannot penetrate the
intestinal wall to enter the blood stream. In the presence of amino acids a small
percentage of the inorganic colloids form chelated minerals and organic colloids
that are able to be dialyzed through the mucus membranes of the intestinal
walls into the blood stream this form of bioavailable mineral state is known as a
“crystalloid.

Crystalloids or organic colloids readily pass through cell walls, while inorganic
colloids are “too large.” Additionally in the living organism there are other
physiological forces at work, which interfere with or modify the expected osmotic
phenomenon.

Colloidal mineral supplements and commercial colloids are found in four
different forms

1. Unprotected colloids are made of bare “rock flour.” This is the form of
inorganic metallic colloid found in seabed minerals, clays, “soils,” and


“Glacial Milk." This form of inorganic colloid is in fact a metallic mineral
and is only available to plants when there is a healthy soil population of
bacteria and fungi.

2. The second type of mineral colloid is found in the living systems of

bacteria, fungi, green plants (food crops), animals and humans and

is coated by water-loving (hydrophilic) substances such as gelatin,
albumin, albuminoids, or collagen. This coating protects the now
“organic mineral colloid” and allows it to be a crystalloid for absorption,
storage and physiological uses and thus maximizing its bioavailability
to 98%.

3. The third type of organic mineral colloid has a protective coating of
carbon with a molecular chain length of 10 to 12 carbon atoms. This
type of colloid is also found in bacteria, fungi, plants (including some
forms of petrified wood), animals and humans and is thought to be the
most stable form of naturally occurring organic mineral colloids.

4.The fourth type of mineral colloid is not to be found in nature,
but rather is manufactured industrially by coating the metallic colloid
with sulfated castor oil (lipophilic or fat loving) to form commercial
detergents.

Bee pollen, blue green algae (the Aztecs tried this one and were forced
to employ cannibalism to meet their mineral needs), kelp (the Japanese who
consume the most kelp world-wide only live to be 79.9) and “green drinks”
contain some plant derived colloidal minerals. However, the number of minerals
found in each of these sources is highly variable depending on what is and what
is not in the soil or lakes they came from, and lastly, the concentrations of the
colloidal minerals are so small that a human would have to eat more than 400
pounds a day to meet the daily needs of essential minerals.

Juicing has been a popular method of obtaining maximum nutrition from
fresh fruits and vegetables, and in fact there is no better way to get vitamins
from fresh fruits and vegetables than to juice. When one talks about minerals
from juicing, the level of confidence drops precipitously. Remember, U.S. Senate
Document 264 says, "There are few if any nutritional minerals left in our farm and

===== Screenshot (595) -- Page 652 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

range soils; therefore, there are few if any nutritional minerals left in our grains,
nuts, fruits, or vegetables.” Even when a person juices, they must supplement
their diets with minerals to include all of the major minerals, trace minerals, and
rare earths.

“Humic shale" is a unique source of plant derived colloidal minerals. Humic
shale originated from plants that grew (according to argon-and carbon-dating
systems) some 75 million years ago, and those lush tropical plants took up the
60-plus metallic minerals available to them from a fertile soil that had as many
as 84 minerals. The ancient soil was so rich with minerals that some trees grew as

much as 25 feet per year, and the great brontosaurus or “thunder lizard” attained


a body weight of 140,000 pounds (70 tons) with a mouth no larger than that of
a horse. The ability of the brontosaurus to attain such a bulk with such a small
mouth meant the animal was consuming plants that contained concentrated
mineral nutrients.

A volcanic eruption, combined with global warming and a marine flood,
entombed the mineral rich forests with a 25-foot thick limestone cap—thick
enough to create an air-tight “vault” and dried or desiccated the plants into a
deep accumulation of “compost” or “hay,” but not deep enough or heavy enough
to pressurize the dried plant material into coal or oil.

The entombed humic shale never fossilized or petrified; in other words, they
never became rocks. They are just compressed, dried, prehistoric “compost” or
“hay” that contains large concentrations of plant derived colloidal minerals.

Humic shale, as a solid coffee-grounds-like granule or a liquid “tea,” can be
used as an organic soil conditioner for organic gardens, farms, and ranches. It
can supply a rich source of humus and no less than 60 plant-derived colloidal
minerals.

Humic shale can be ground into a fine compost “flour” and soaked for three to
four weeks in filtered spring water until it reaches a specific gravity of 3.0. It then.

provides a high-quality organic plant-derived colloidal mineral supplement that
contains 38,000 mg of plant-derived colloidal minerals per liter.

It takes 78 pounds of humic shale to produce a concentration of 38,000
mg of colloidal minerals per liter; the 78 pounds of humic shale represents
approximately 1034 pounds of lush prehistoric green mineral-rich plants. The
fluid extract of high grade humic shale contains no less than 60 plant derived
certified organic colloidal minerals and is 98% available for animals and humans.

If humans are to fulfill their genetic potential for health and longevity and
flourish they must supplement with all ninety essential nutrients including 60
minerals. Anything less, is to tragically throw away twenty-five to fifty years of
life.

The criteria for essentiality of a trace mineral or rare earth are:

+ Present in all healthy tissues of living organisms.

+ Concentration in tissue is relatively constant from one species to the
next.

+ Withdrawal from the body induces reproducible physiological and


structural abnormalities in several species.

+ Its replacement reverses (this one is not always true since deficiencies in
the embryo during development can result in certain congenital defects
or events that cannot be corrected in later life by supplementation) or
prevents the disease or abnormality.

+The abnormalities of the trace-mineral deficiency always have a
biochemical change.

+ The biochemical changes of the deficiency disease can be prevented or
cured when the deficiency is corrected.

===== Screenshot (596) -- Page 654 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Essential minerals function at the subcellular level as cofactors for the optimal
operation of genes, DNA, RNA, chromosomes, enzymes, vitamins, and hormones
in all organisms, plant and animal, including humans.

Essential minerals are also employed by all earthly organisms for structural
building blocks (for stems, roots, leaves, bones, teeth, cartilage, tendons,
ligaments, skin, hair, feathers, etc.). The deficiencies of essential minerals will
result in as many as 600 catastrophic diseases; however, the medical community


persists in its pursuit of the genomic map. It is as if the medical community
still believes that the earth is flat, the sun revolves around the earth, and that

infectious diseases are caused by “spontaneous generatior


Some 79 functional minerals have been detected in plant, animal, and
human tissue (for instance, in blood, liver, muscle, connective tissue, brain,
glands, etc.), which satisfies part of the requirements for essentiality. Literally
millions of animal (and human) studies on pregnant, suckling, weanling and
mature laboratory mice, rats, rabbits, dogs, cats, pigs, sheep, cattle, chickens,
turkeys, ducks, primates, and man have documented additional evidence for the
essentiality of at least 60 minerals.


Minerals associated with vertebrate, including humans, physiology (positive
and negative) and disease (deficiency and toxicity) are presented in alphabetical
order by chemical symbol for convenient access.

Ac - André-Louis Debierne, a French chemist, announced the discovery of a
new element, actinium, in 1899. He was able to separate it from the pitchblende
residues left by Marie and Pierre Curie after they had extracted radium. In 1899
Debierne described the new element as similar to titanium and (in 1900) as
similar to thorium.

Friedrich Oskar Giesel is credited with the first preparation of radiochemically
pure actinium (which he originally named “emanium") and with the identification

of its atomic number 89.

The name “actinium” originates from the ancient Greek aktis or aktinos,
meaning “beam” or “ray.” Ac is highly radioactive, and experiments with it
are carried out in special laboratory settings. When actinium trichloride is
administered intravenously to rats, approximately 33% of Ac is deposited into the
bones and 50% is deposited in the liver. Its toxicity is comparable to, but lower
than, that of americium and plutonium,

Actinium originates from igneous rocks and usually found at an extremely low
concentration of 5.5 x 10 -16 ppm. Actinium is readily absorbed by plant roots;
however, very little is transported to the stem, leaves, and shoots of the plant.
Actinium accumulates and presumably has metabolic functions in the bones and
liver.

Ag - Silver originates from igneous rocks and sedimentary rocks and is found at
the rate of 0.07 ppm in rocks and in soils at the rate of 0.1 ppm; fresh water
at 0.00013 ppm; sea water at 0.0003 ppm; marine algae at 0.25 ppm; terrestrial
plants from 0.06 ppm to 1.4 ppm in accumulator plants growing near silver ore.
Epiogonum ovalifolium isa silver indicator plant. Sliver is found at 3.0 to 11.0 ppm
in marine animals; in land mammals generally 0.05 to 0.7 ppm; muscle at 0.16 to
0.8 ppm and tortoise shell at 0.05 to 0.7 ppm.

Silver has been employed in human health care and in the search for
immortality since the days of the Chinese alchemist 8,000 years ago. Many feel
that silver is in fact an essential element, not because it is required for any known
biological system, but rather as a systemic disinfectant and immune system
support.

Silver is an anti-bacterial, anti-viral, anti-fungal anti-metabolite that disables
specific enzymes that micro-organisms use for respiration. Silver is such an

===== Screenshot (597) -- Page 656 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

efficient anti-bacteriacidal that our great grandmothers put silver dollars in fresh
milk to keep it from spoiling at room temperature.

Humans can safely consume 400 mg of silver per day. A silver “deficiency”
results in an impaired immune system. In the Body Electric Dr. Robert Becker
identified a relationship between low levels of tissue and dietary silver and the
rate of illness (such as flu, colds, etc.); he stated, “silver deficiency was responsible
for the improper functioning of the immune system, and silver does more than
just kill disease causing organisms. It also stimulated major growth (another
criteria for essentiality) and repair of injured tissue.” Human fibroblast cells were
able to multiply at a great rate, producing large numbers of primitive stem cells
in wounds that are able to differentiate into whatever cell types are necessary to
heal the wound.

According to Science Digest (Silver: Our Mightiest Germ Fighter.” March, 1978)
silver is an antibiotic that can kill over 650 disease causing organisms; resistant
strains fail to develop; silver is absolutely non-toxic to humans at standard rates
of consumption.

Al - Aluminum is found in igneous rocks at 5,000 ppm, shale at 82,000 ppm,
sandstone at 25,000 ppm, limestone at 4,200 ppm, and clay at 71,000 ppm.
Aluminum represents 12% of the earth's crust and 8% of the earth’s solid surface;
In fact, itis the most common metal in the earth’s crust, is the third most common
element only behind oxygen and silica, and is found in nature combined in over
270 mineral alloys. Aluminum is found in high concentrations in all plants grown
in the soil, including food crops.

Organic Colloidal Aluminum in Common Food Crops


Food Aluminum in PPM
Asparagus 20-200
Beans 20-250
Brussel sprouts 20-150
Celery 20-300
Cucumbers 20-200
Cabbage/lettuce 20-200
Spinach/mustard greens 50-150
Melons 20-150
Peas 10-80
Peppers 50-200
Potatoes 50-250
Turnips/carrots 20-300
Tomatoes 20-200
Alfalfa 40-300
Canola 90-150
Corn 20-300
Wheat 20-300
Soybeans 50-200
Mint 20-300
Peanut 50-200
Sunflower 50-100

===== Screenshot (598) -- Page 658 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Acid soils yield the highest levels of soil aluminum to plants. It is found in
marine plants at 60 ppm and is especially high in plankton and red algae; land
plants at (0.5 to 4,000 ppm) an average of 500 ppm; marine mammals at 19 to 50
ppm and is found at the highest levels in the hair and lungs.

The known biological function of aluminum is to activate the enzyme succinic
dehydrogenase; it increases the survival rate of the newborn, and according
to professor Gerhard Schrauzer, former head and professor emeritus of the
department of chemistry at UCSD, should be listed as an essential mineral for all
vertebrates including humans.

Aluminum is remarkably nontoxic, aluminum sulfate having an LDSO of 6207
mg/kg (oral/mouse), which would be the equivalent of 500 grams (more than a
pound) for an 80 kg human per day.

Aluminum can compete with calcium absorption, and increased amounts of
dietary aluminum can result in reduced skeletal mineralization (osteopenia). A
small percentage of individuals are sensitive to aluminum and had reported
contact dermatitis and digestive disorders when they ingest products containing
aluminum; however, toxicity studies have shown that aluminum is not toxic to
most people and certainly is not as toxic as heavy metals. Studies have shown
that aluminum cookware, deodorants, and antiperspirants are generally safe at
directed levels. There is no evidence that exposure to aluminum in food or liquid
causes any diseases, including Alzheimer's disease.

Ina study that appeared November 5, 1992, in the journal Nature, Frank Watt,
et. Al. (University of Oxford) employed a highly accurate laboratory technique to
quantify the levels of aluminum in the brains of Alzheimer’s patients. To their
great surprise, they found the same levels of aluminum in the brains of the non-
Alzheimer's controls as they did in their Alzheimer’s patients. Watt's believes
that the early reports of high aluminum levels in Alzheimer's brains was due to.
contamination by the aluminum trays that were used during the staining process,

but the use of glass trays proved that the level of aluminum was the same in both
groups.

According to the Alzheimer’s Society in 2013, the medical and scientific
opinion is that studies have not convincingly demonstrated a causal relationship
between aluminum exposure and Alzheimer's disease.

In the early 1700s, European chemists realized that a light-weight metal was
associated with clay. A particularly rich aluminum-bearing clay was found in Las
Baux, France, giving Bauxite, aluminum-rich clay, its name.

Aluminum does not occur as a free metal in nature, but is found only in
tight combination with oxygen forming a hard oxide known as alumina, When
contaminated with traces of other elements, alumina becomes a gem, such as
rubies or sapphires, which in addition to being used as jewelry, these gems have
also been used as medicine for thousands of years in the practice of Ayruvedic
medicine.

Sir Humphrey Davy, a distinguished English chemist of the 16th century gave
the name “aluminum’ to the metal of clay.

The Danish physicist, Hans Christian Oerstad in 1825 “discovered”
electromagnetics, and was the first to purify aluminum by treating alumina-
containing clay with carbon and a chlorine amalgam of potassium to get a
mixture of volatile mercury and aluminum; he boiled the mercury away as a vapor
which left a powdery metal that “in color and luster somewhat resembles tin.”

Napoleon III, realizing the potential military value of aluminum, personally
sponsored aluminum smelting research, and although production costs dropped,
aluminum remained a semiprecious metal.

Am - All isotopes of Americum are radioactive and have a 7,950 year half life.
Americum accumulates in mammalian bone.

===== Screenshot (599) -- Page 660 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Ar — Argon is found in igneous rocks at 3.0 to 5.0 ppm and can be used to
date ancient rocks using the potassium/argon dating system: fresh water and sea
water at 0.06 ppm and mammalian blood at 0.75 ppm.

As - Arsenic was first isolated and identified in 1250 by Albertus Magnus, and is
found in igneous rock at 1.0 to 8.0 ppm; shale at 1.0 ppm; fresh water at 0.0004
ppm; sea water sat 0.003 ppm; soils at 6.0 ppm (Argentina and New Zealand
have reported toxic levels of soil arsenic in some regions); marine plants at 30.0
ppm; land plants at 2.0 ppm; marine animals at 0.005 to 0.3 ppm (accumulated
by coelenterates, Mollusca and crustaceans); land animal at less than 0.2 ppm
(tends to concentrate in hair, claws and nails); and is known to be essential for
survivability of the newborn and neonatal growth.

Arsenic metabolism is affected by tissue and blood levels of zinc, selenium,


arginine, choline, methionine, taurine, and guaniacetic acid, all of which affect
methyl-group metabolism and polyamine synthesis, which is the site of arsenic
function in human physiology.

Arsenic promotes the growth rate of chicks at 90 to 120 ppm. The rate of
growth and metamorphosis of tadpoles is enhanced by the presence of arsenic.

The word “arsenic” was taken from the Syriac word al zarniga and the Persian
word Zarnikh, which translates to “yellow pigment," translated into Greek as
arsenikos, and which translates into “masculine.” The word was adopted in Latin
as arsenicum and Old French as arsenic from which the English word “arsenic” was
coined.

During the 18th, 19th and 20th centuries, a number of arsenic compounds
were used as stimulants and medicines, including arsphenamine (Paul Ehrlich)
and arsenic trioxide (Thomas Fowler). Arsphenamine as well as neosalvarsan was
indicated for syphilis and trypanosomiasis. Arsenic trioxide has been used in a

variety of ways over the past 500 years, but most commonly for the treatment of
cancer. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration in 2000 approved this compound
for the treatment of patients with acute promyelocytic leukemia.

In November of 1998, The New England Journal of Medicine reported that
arsenic may prove a life-saver against one type of leukemia. According to
researchers at the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in New York, it was
used in a study that involved twelve seriously-ill patients suffering from acute
promyelocytic leukemia, an often fatal type of cancer that affects the blood and
bone marrow The doctors were the first in Western medicine to show that low
doses of arsenic trioxide are effective in destroying such cancerous cells. "We now
know that arsenic can safely bring patients with APL into remission, which may
ultimately give them a second chance at life.” The Chinese reported the same
results in 1997 in the journal Blood. Survivors in the Chinese studies were still
leukemia-free after ten years.

Arsenic is also used as “Fowler's solution” for psoriasis.

Arsenic was first identified in dead human bodies in 1834 by the French
Academy. Arsenic typically appears in human female blood at 0.64 ppm, it rises
to 0.93 ppm during menstruation, and 2.20 ppm during months five and six of
pregnancy.

Eighteen percent of dietary As was stored in rat liver, whereas only 0.7 percent
of shrimp tissue arsenic was stored in rat livers (there is 65 times greater toxicity
potential from metallic arsenic than from organically bound arsenic).

Arsenic in combination with choline prevents 100 percent of perosis (“slipped
tendon”) in chickens, turkeys, ducks, peafowl, etc. Perosis in birds results in a
“carpal tunnel,” “TMj," “trigger finger,” and “repetitive motion” type degenerative
disease.

Arsenic has been linked to epigenetic changes, the heritable changes in gene
expression that occur without changes in DNA sequence. Arsenic disrupts ATP

===== Screenshot (600) -- Page 662 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

production through many pathways. At the level of the Citric Acid Cycle, arsenic
inhibits lipoic acid, which is a cofactor for pyruvate dehydrogenase. In addition, by
competing with phosphate, arsenate uncouples oxidative phosphorylation, thus
inhibiting energy-linked reduction of NAD+, mitochondrial respiration and ATP
synthesis.

At - All isotopes of Astatine are radioactive; they have an extremely short half-
life of 7.2 to 8 hours. It is accumulated by the mammalian and human thyroid
after ingestion but is rapidly excreted.

‘Au - Gold is found in igneous and sedimentary rocks at 0.004 ppm; fresh water
at 0.00006 ppm; sea water at 0.000011 ppm; marine plants at 0.012 ppm; land
plants at 0.0005 to 0.002 ppm (gold concentrates in the horse tail plant); marine
animals at 0.0003 to 0.008 ppm; land animals 0.00023 and in mammalian livers
it will form a colloid.

In medieval times, gold was often seen as beneficial for human health, with
the belief that it was the most noble of substances and would be the “panacea” or
medicine that would treat all disease. The “alchemists,” the earliest of chemists,
spent most of their efforts in trying to transmute lead and other base metals into
gold.

Gold leaf, either flake or dust, is used on and in some gourmet foods, notably
sweets and drinks, as a decorative ingredient. Gold flake was used by nobility in
medieval Europe as a decoration in food and drinks, in the form of leaf, flakes, or
dust, either to demonstrate the host's wealth or in the belief that something that
valuable and rare must be beneficial to one’s health.

Danziger Goldwasser (German: Gold water of Danzig) or Goldwasser
(Goldwater) is a traditional German herbal liqueur in what is today Gdansk,
Poland, and Schwabach, Germany, that contains flakes of gold leaf. There are

some $1,000 cocktails that contain flakes of gold leaf; however, as elemental
gold it is inert to all body chemistry and is not absorbed, is tasteless, provides no
known nutritional value, and leaves the body in the feces unaltered.

Gold compounds (gold sodium thiomalate and gold thioglucose that is also
known as aurothioglucose) are frequently given by allopathic physicians as an
add-on therapy with salicylates (aspirin) for arthritis when added pain relief
is required. Gold has been reported only to be effective against active joint
inflammation and is not usually helpful for advanced destructive rheumatoid
arthritis,


Gold is not an analgesic substance; however it may have anti-inflammatory
effects. Standard doses are given IM at weekly intervals: 10 mg initially, 25 mg
during second week, and 50 mg per week until a total of one gram has been
administered. Then the maintenance dose is reduced to 50 mg every two to four
weeks. Relapse is expected three to four months after the cessation of the gold
treatments.

Gold compounds are not to be used in patients with liver or kidney disease,
blood diseases, or SLE.

Toxic reactions to gold therapies include pruritus (itching), dermatitis,
stomatitis, Gl discomfort, increase in urine albumin, blood in the urine, aplastic
anemia, reduced WBC, hepatitis, and pneumonitis.

B - Boron is an elemental chemical rather than a metallic mineral. It is
produced by cosmic ray spallation and not by stellar nucleosynthesis. It is a low-
abundance element in both the solar system and in the earth's crust. Boron
is concentrated on earth by the water-solubility of its more common naturally
occurring compounds: the borate minerals. Borate minerals are typically mined
as evaporates, including borax, boric acid (sassolite), ulexite, colemanite, boracite,
tourmaline, and kernite.

===== Screenshot (601) -- Page 664 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

The name “boron” is derived from the Arabic word “buraq” or the Persian
word “burah,” which are the names for borax. Boron compounds were known
thousands of years ago and borax was known from the deserts of western Tibet
as “tincal” from the Sanskrit.

Borax glazes were used in China after 300 AD and some tincal even reached
the West, where the Persian alchemist Jabir ibn Hayyan refers to it in 700 AD.
Marco Polo brought some tincal glazes from China to Italy in the 13th century.
Agricola (1600) reported the use of borax as a flux in metallurgy. In 177 boric
acid was identified in the hot springs (soffioni) near Florence, Italy, and became
known as “sal sedativum” for medical use. The rare form of borax is found at
Sasso, Italy. Sasso was the primary source of European borax from 1827 to 1872,
after which American sources replaced it.

Even into the 21st century, borax is used in various household laundry and
cleaning products, including the iconic “20 Mule Team Borax” laundry booster
and “Boraxo” a powdered hand soap, and it is found in several tooth whitening
compounds.

Boric acid has antiseptic, antifungal, and antiviral properties, and mild
solutions of boric acid are used as wound disinfectants and as an eye antiseptic
wash.

Boron is an active ingredient in the first of its kind pharmaceutical as
Bortezomib (a proteasome inhibitor) used for the treatment of multiple myeloma
(bone marrow cancer) and certain lymphomas.

Boron is found in igneous rocks at 10 ppm; shale at 100 ppm; sandstones at
35 ppm; limestone at 20 ppm; fresh water at 0.013 ppm; sea water at 4.0 to 6.0
ppm; soil at 2.0 to 100 ppm (highest in saline and alkaline soils); in California
certain deserts have toxic levels; marine plants 120 ppm (highest in brown algae);
land plants at 50 ppm; Chenopodiaceae and Plumboginaceae are indicator plant
families; marine animals at 20 to 50 ppm; land animals 0.5 ppm.

In biology, borates have low toxicity in mammals (similar to table salt), but
are more toxic to arthropods (insects) and are used as insecticides. Boric acid is
mildly antimicrobial. Boron is essential to life for all organisms including plants
and animals.

Boron is essential for bone metabolism, including the efficient use of calcium
and magnesium and for the proper functioning of the ovaries, testes, and adrenal.
glands. Prior to 1981, boron was not considered an essential nutrient; boron was
1990


first shown to be an essential mineral for growing chicks. It was not u
that boron was universally accepted as an essential nutrient for humans.

Boron is required for the maintenance of bone and normal blood levels of
estrogen and testosterone; within eight days of supplementing boron, women
lost 40% less calcium, 33% less magnesium and less phosphorous through their
urine,

Women getting boron supplementation had blood levels of estradiol 178
doubled to “levels found in women on estrogen replacement therapy,” the levels
of testosterone in both men and women almost doubles!

Large deposits of borax or “diamond boron” were discovered in Death Valley
in1881. The Death Valley deposits were made famous by the 20 mule team
wagons that hauled out the mined borax. The rear wheels were seven foot high,
each wagon was sixteen foot long and could carry 24,000 pounds (12 tons) of
borax. Each twenty mule team pulled two wagons plus a 1,200 gallon water
wagon for a total of 36.5 tons in each load!! The total length of each team and
equipment was 120 feet long. The rail head in Mojave was 165 miles from the
Death Valley mine site.

Ba - Barium is found in igneous rocks at 425 ppm; shales at 580 ppm; sandstone
at 50 ppm; limestone at 120 ppm; fresh water at 0.054 ppm; sea water at 0.03
ppm; soil at 500 ppm (can be “fixed” or tightly bound by clay minerals); marine

===== Screenshot (602) -- Page 666 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

plants at 30 ppm (highest in brown algae); land plants at 14 ppm (the fruit of
Bertholletia excelea is a barium concentrator and can have up to 4,000 ppm);
marine animals at 0.2 to 3.0 ppm (highest in hard tissues such as bone and
shell); land animals 0.0 to 75 ppm (highest in bone, lung and eyes). Essentiality in
mammals was established in 1949 (Rygh, O.: Bull Soc Chem Biol.31:1052 & 1403.
1949).

The most common naturally occurring minerals of barium are barite (barium
sulfate) and witherite (barium carbonate). Both are insoluble in water. Barium’s
name is derived from the alchemy “baryta” which comes from the Greek word
barys, which translates as “heavy.” Barium was isolated as an element in 1774;
however, it was not classed as a metal until 1808. A barium containing mineral,
“benitoite” (barium titanium silicate) occurs as a very rare blue fluorescent
gemstone and is the official state gem of California.

Barium sulfate has a very low toxicity and relatively high density and has
a high opacity to X-rays. It is used as a contrast media in X-ray imaging of
the digestive system, such as "barium meals” for upper GI studies and “barium
enemas" for lower GI studies.

Be - Beryllium is found in igneous rocks at 2.0 to 8.0 ppm; shale at 3.0 ppm;
sandstone and limestone at less than 1.0 ppm; fresh water at 0.001 ppm; sea
water at 0.000006 ppm; soil at 0.1 ppm; marine plants at 0.001 ppm (highest
in brown algae); land plants at less than 0.1 ppm (highest in volcanic soils); land
animals at 0.0003 to 0. 002 ppm in soft tissue.

Beryllium is a relatively rare element in the universe and the crust of the earth.
It is a divalent element that occurs naturally only in alloys with other elements
or minerals. Gemstones that contain beryllium include beryl (aquamarine and
emeralds) and chrysoberyl.

The mineral beryl, which contains beryllium, has been known at least since

the Ptolemaic dynasty of Egypt. In the first century CE, Roman naturalist, Pliny
the Elder, noted in his encyclopedia, Natural History, that beryl and emerald
(‘smaragdus") were similar. The Papyrus Graecus Holmiensis, written in the third
or fourth century CE, contains notes on how to prepare artificial emerald and
beryl.

In a 1798 paper read before the Institut de France, Louis-Nicolas Vauquelin
reported that he had found a new “rare earth” by dissolving aluminum hydroxide
from emerald and beryl in an additional alkali. The editors of the journal Annales
de Chimie et de Physique named the new rare earth “glucine” for the sweet taste
of some of its compounds.

Martin Heinrich Klaproth preferred the name “beryllina” due to the fact that
yttria also formed sweet salts. The term “beryllium” was first used by Wohler in
1828. For about 160 years, beryllium was also known as glucinum, or glucinium
with the chemical symbol of Gl, the naming derived from the Greek word sweet
for the sweet taste of the pure substance.

Pure powdered beryllium and its compounds should be handled with care
because of the potential for acute beryllium disease or chemical pneumonitis,
which was first reported in Europe in 1933 and in the United States in 1943.
Chronic berylliosis resembles pulmonary sarcoidosis.

Bi - Bismuth is found in igneous rocks at 0.17 ppm; shale at 1.0 ppm; sea water at
0.000017 ppm; land plants at 0.06 ppm; marine animals at 0.09 to 0.3 ppm; land
animals at 0.004 ppm. Bismuth chemically resembles arsenic and antimony. It is
a brittle metal with a silvery white color when freshly produced. However, after a
brief contact with the oxygen in the air it will oxidize into a pink color.

Miners in the days of alchemy gave bismuth the name “tectum argenti,” or
“silver being made,” in the sense of silver still in the process of being formed

===== Screenshot (603) -- Page 669 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

within the earth. Bismuth was also known to the Incas and commonly used along
with copper and tin in a special bronze alloy for knife blades.

Bismuth subsalicylate is used as an antidiarrheal; it is the active ingredient
in “Pink Bismuth” compounds such as Pepto-Bismol, as well as the 2004
reformulation of Kaopectate.

A combination of bismuth subsalicylate, bismuth subcitrate, and the antibiotic
tetracycline has been used in pigs since 1952 to treat gastric ulcers. The same
formula was approved by the FDA in February and in 1994 for curing gastric
ulcers in humans. Stress has historically been blamed as the boogy-man causing
stomach and peptic ulcers of the stomach and duodenum; however, the same
bacterium that causes gastric ulcers in pigs (Helicobacter pylori) has been proven
to be the cause of gastric ulcers in humans.

Australian gastroenterologist Barry Marshall, M.D. and pathologist J. Robbin
Warren proposed their theory for the bacterial cause of gastric ulcers in humans
in 1983.

Br - Bromine is a “halogen” related to iodine, fluorine, and chlorine. It is found
in igneous rocks at 3.0 to 5.0 ppm; shale at 4.0 ppm; sandstone at 1.0 ppm;
limestone at 0.2 ppm; fresh water at 0.2 ppm; sea water at 65 ppm; soil at 5.0
ppm; marine plants at 740 ppm (highest in brown algae); land plants at 15 ppm;
marine animals at 60 to 1,000 ppm; land animals at 6.0 ppm.

Bromine was discovered independently by two chemists, Carl Jacob Lowig
(1825) and Antoine Balard (1826). Balard isolated bromine from the ash of
seaweed collected from the salt marshes of Montpellier. The seaweed was used
to obtain iodine but it also contained bromine. Lowig isolated bromine from a
mineral water spring from his hometown of Bad Kreuznach.

Bromine compounds, such as potassium bromide, were used as sedatives in
the 19th and 20th centuries. The FDA removed over-the-counter sedatives such

as Bromo-Seltzer from public sale in 1975.
Toxic reactions from an overdose can resemble acne-like skin eruptions.

C-- Carbon is found in igneous rocks at 200 ppm; shale at 15,300 ppm; sandstone
at 13,800 ppm; limestone at 113,500 ppm; fresh water at 11.0 ppm; sea water
at 28.0 ppm; soils at 20,000 ppm (up to 90% of the carbon in soil is bound in
the humus); marine plants at 345,000 ppm; land plants at 454,000 ppm; marine
animals at 400,000 ppm; land animals at 465,000 ppm (280,000 ppm in bones).
Carbon is derived from the Latin carbo for coal and charcoal (the French word
is charbon). Carbon is one of the few elements known since antiquity. Carbon
functions as an essential structural atom for all organic molecules (i.e., genes,
DNA, RNA, chromosomes, carbohydrates, lipids, amino acids, enzymes, vitamins,
etc.) including stored, transported, and functioning organic colloidal minerals.
Carbon was identified in prehistory in the form of soot and charcoal. Diamonds
were known by the Chinese as early as 2500 BC, and charcoal was commercially
produced in the days of the Roman Empire. In 1722 René Réaumur demonstrated
that iron could be made into steel by adding some form of carbon. In 1772
Antoine Lavoisier demonstrated that diamonds were in fact an allotrope of
carbon when he burned samples of both, showing that no water was produced
and that both released the identical amount of carbon


ioxide per gram burned.

Carbon is the fifteenth most abundant element in the earth’s crust and the
fourth most abundant element in the universe by mass after hydrogen, helium
and oxygen.

It is present in all known life forms, and in the human body carbon is the
second most abundant element by mass (18.5%) after oxygen. The abundance,
together with the unique diversity of organic compounds and their polymer-
forming ability at temperatures favorable to life on earth, make carbon the
chemical basis of all known life-forms.

===== Screenshot (604) -- Page 671 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Under earthly conditions, conversion of one element to another is rare. This
includes carbon, which is found at a constant level. Therefore processes that
employ carbon must procure from some source and dispose of it by some
method. The known paths of carbon circulation in the earth’s environment and
biomass are known as the “carbon cycle.” Plants consume carbon dioxide drawn
from the environment and use it through photosynthesis to build biomass (i.,
carbon respiration, etc,, or the “Calvin cycle"), a process known as carbon fixation.

Plant material biomass is consumed by micro-organisms, animals, and humans
with carbon dioxide being released back into the environment as the result of
metabolism (fermentation, digestion, metabolism, respiration, etc.

Carbohydrates typically act as a basic source of energy for biological processes
including movement, work, and the basic biochemical functions of life at the rate
of 4.5 calories per gram. The chief sources of carbohydrates used by humans
include grains, vegetables, fruits, and sugars. In their simplest form the formula
for carbohydrate is CH,0. The hydrogen and oxygen are present in the same ratio.
as that found in water (H,0) with one carbon atom for each molecule of water.

Plants are able to manufacture carbohydrates (sugar and starch), amino acids,
fatty acids, and vitamins. The plant leaves take in CO, from the atmosphere and
in the presence of chlorophyll (Mg carbon ring structure similar to the Fe carbon
ring structure of hemoglobin) and with the energy derived from sunlight (the
process known as photosynthesis or solar energy) manufacture carbon chains
including carbohydrates and release O, into the atmosphere as a by-product of
the reaction.

Carbohydrates are classified as monosaccharides (glucose or “grape sugar,”
fructose, etc.), disaccharides (sucrose = glucose and fructose; maltose =
glucose and glucose; lactose = glucose and galactose), oligosaccharides and
polysaccharides (starch, dextrin, fiber, cellulose, and glycogen or “animal starch”

which are all complexes of glucose units).

Lipids or fats, like carbohydrates, are composed of carbon, hydrogen, and
oxygen. Lipids have the common property of being insoluble in water, and are
universally soluble in organic solvents such as ether and chloroform and are
utilizable for a source of energy by all living organisms.

Fats as a group of carbon compounds include ordinary fats, oils, waxes and
related compounds. The primary food sources of fats for humans include butter,
seed oil, olive oil, animal fat (from pork, poultry, fish, beef, lamb, etc), nuts, seeds,
whole grains, olives, avocados, egg yolks, dairy products, etc. Fats serve as a
source of energy at the rate of 9 calories per gram, both as a source of immediate
fuel and stored fuel (body fat).

Triglycerides (the primary component of fats and oils) are composed of
carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen. Structurally they are esters of a trihydric alcohol
(glycerol) and fatty acids. The fatty acids can have from four to 30 carbon atoms
and constitute the bulk of the triglyceride mass. One hundred grams of fat or oil
will contain 95 grams of fatty acids.

A fatty acid or hydrocarbon chain is described with regard to three
characteristics: chain length, degree of “saturation” with hydrogen, and the

The length of the chain is a reference to the number of carbon atoms in the
chain (e.g., Cyg has 16 carbons in the chain). The term “short chain” (less than 6
carbons), “medium chain" (7 to 11 carbons) and “long chain” (12 or more carbons)
are used to describe the length of the chains of fatty acids in the structure of
triglycerides.

The degree of hydrogen “saturation” in fatty acids is defined by the number
of double bonds between carbon atoms in the fatty acid chains. A chain can
contain all the hydrogen it can hold and have no double bonds, in which case
it is referred to as a saturated fatty acid - lard. It can contain one double bond

===== Screenshot (605) -- Page 673 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

(monounsaturated fatty acid - coconut oil) or it may contain more than one
double bond (polyunsaturated fatty acids - olive oil).

The location of the first double bond as counted from the “tail” or methyl end
of the fatty acid is referred to as the “omega” number (ie., omega-3, omega-6,
omega-9, etc).

Three polyunsaturated fatty acids (linoleic, linolenic, and arachidonic acids)
are known as the essential fatty acids (EFA). However, because arachidonic acid
can be synthesized from linoleic acid by humans and animal, many nutritionists
don't designate arachidonic acid as an EFA.

The EFA play essential roles in fat metabolism and fat transport, in
maintaining the function and integrity of cell walls (bi-lipid layer membranes),
hormones (i.e., prostaglandins, etc.) and brain structure and physiology (myelin
and neurotransmitters, etc.). They are also part of the fatty acids of cholesterol
esters and phospholipids in plasma lipoproteins and mitochondrial lipoproteins.
Serum cholesterol can be maintained in the normal range (i.e., 220 to 270) by the
consumption of EFA.

EFA are also the raw material required by the human to manufacture
prostaglandins that regulate blood pressure, heart rate, vascular dilation,
blood clotting, bronchial dilation (prevents and reverses asthma), and
neurotransmitters of the central nervous system (brain and spinal cord).

EFA deficiency in human infants will result in poor growth rate, eczema,
dermatitis, psoriasis, rosacea, asthma, thrombotic stroke, and a lowered
resistance to infectious disease.

Cholesterol is a member of a large group of fats known as sterols. They all
have a complex carbon ring structure. Cholesterol is only found in animal tissue,
however, similar sterols are found in plants. Cholesterol is an essential part of
the structure of cell walls, brain and spinal cord (myelin), and is the raw material

for the human body to manufacture vitamin D, bile acids, steroid hormones (for
instance, adrenocortical hormones, testosterone, estrogen, and progesterone).

A cholesterol deficiency produces Alzheimer’s disease, makes menopause a
living hell and results in “low-T" and “ED” in males. In February 28, 2012, the FDA
added new safety warnings regarding the increased risk of statin drugs used to
lower blood cholesterol that results in increased rate of memory loss (Alzheimer’s
disease) and increased blood sugar (diabetes).

In Science News, June 16, 2012, an article that had been published in Lancet,
was featured that reported, “Good cholesterol is not so beneficial and higher
HDL (good cholesterol) levels don’t reduce heart attacks.” The article indicates
that “good” cholesterol (HDL) itself doesn’t protect the heart itself; rather it is an
indicator or barometer of some other negative event (meaning that more good
cholesterol and less bad cholesterol, that is the LDL, are indicators of less vascular
inflammation and less exposure to free radicals).

Ergosterol, a yeast sterol, is converted to vitamin D, on exposure to sunlight or
ultraviolet light. Beta-sitosterol, another plant sterol, is usually absorbed in small
amounts, however, high levels of consumption or supplementation will actually
raise blood cholesterol levels into the normal range.

Proteins are the fundamental structural components of the living cell
(cytoplasm), they are essential parts of the cell nucleus and protoplasm. Proteins
are the most abundant of all of the carbon containing organic compounds in the
human body. The greatest mass of body protein is found in the skeletal muscle,
the remainder is found in other organs (liver, kidney, stomach, etc.), bones,
teeth, blood and other body fluids (lymph). Hormones, enzymes, DNA and RNA,
chromosomes and genes are proteins that do work.

Proteins like carbohydrates and fats contain carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen,
and in addition they also contain 16% nitrogen (the amine group), sometimes

===== Screenshot (606) -- Page 675 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

along with sulfur and other elements such as phosphorous, iron, sulfur, and
cobalt. The basic structural unit of a protein is the amino acid. They are united by
“peptide bonds” into long chains of various geometric structures to form specific
proteins. Digestion of proteins breaks the peptide bonds resulting in fragments of
the protein chain (poly peptides) or complete digestion to release the individual
amino acids. Use of protein for an energy source produces 4.5 calories per gram.

Classically there are nine essential amino acids that are required in the daily
diet as they can’t be manufactured by the human body. Forty-three percent
of protein for infants must be the essential amino acids, 36% is essential for
the growing child, and only 19% essential amino acids are required for adult
maintenance. To this list of the nine classic essential amino acids we would add
three additional essential amino acids as over the long haul they prevent certain
diseases from cancer and high blood pressure (arginine), macular degeneration
(taurine), to goiter (tyrosine).

Essential Amino Acids

Valine
Lysine

Threonine
Leucine
Isoleucine
Tryptophan
Phenylalanine
Methionine
Histidine
Argininet
Taurine*
Tyrosine*


“These amino acids are not considered a classic essential amino acid; however, thelr deficiencies do result
in specific deficiency diseases.

An individual consuming protein at 300 grams per day (almost % pound of
meat per day) will not have any adverse effects if they supplement properly and
do not have liver disease or kidney disease.

===== Screenshot (607) -- Page 677 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Fatty Acids

Essential fatty acids include the linoleic, linolenic and arachadonic fatty acids,
which are further divided into the Omega-3 (DHA and EPA), Omega-6, Omega-9,
and cholesterol.

In 1971 Wallach published a paper that compared the coronary artery disease
of several species of vegetarians with the coronary artery disease of several
species of carnivores. The study was part of the NIH/Center for the Biology of
Natural Systems project. It reported that vegans and vegetarians actually had
coronary artery disease equal to or greater than that of carnivores by actual
visualization at autopsy.

George Rene Francis, a black man, was born June 6, 1896, in New Orleans
and died at age 112 years and 204 days as the oldest man in America December
20, 2008. Francis lived through nineteen U.S. presidents (who were cared for
medically by doctors whose average age at death is fifty six—exactly half Francis’
age!). Francis was rejected by the U.S. Army during WWII because he was too
small to carry a S0-pound pack; he smoked cigars until he was 75 and slept less
than six hours per night.

The important part of Francis's story is that “he broke all the rules of healthy
eating with a diet heavy on dairy and eggs and lard sandwiches.” His diet was
heavy with cholesterol and saturated fat and he became the oldest man in
America, a feat that has never been achieved by a nutritionist or physician who
has graduated from Harvard and was anti-saturated fat and anti-cholesterol.

For at least the first fifty-three years of Francis's life he put wood ashes
(plant minerals) into his garden. Two weeks before his death, Francis developed
pneumonia. He was taken to a Sacramento, California hospital where he died of
“congestive heart failure (aka beriberi: a simple nutritional deficiency of a single

vitamin!).”

Ca - Calcium is found in igneous rocks at 41,500 ppm; shale at 22,100 ppm;
sandstone at 39,100 ppm; limestone at 302,000 ppm; fresh water at 15 ppm; sea
water at 400 ppm; soils at 7,000 to 500,000 ppm (lowest levels in acid soils and
highest in lime stone or alkaline soils); marine plants at 10,000 to 300,000 ppm
(highest in calcareous tissues red, blue-green and green algae and diatoms; land
plants at 18,000 ppm; marine animals at 1,500 to 20,000 ppm (up to 350,000 in
calcareous tissues: sponges, coral, molluscs, echinoderms, etc.); land animals at
200 to 85,000 ppm (260,000 ppm in mammalian bone, 200 to 500 ppm in soft
tissue and less than 5.0 in RBC). Calcium was not isolated as a pure metal until
1808 by Sir Humphrey Davy in England.

Calcium, combined with phosphate forms hydroxyapatite, which is the mineral
portion of animal and human bones and teeth; the mineral content of some
corals are made up of hydroxyapatite.

The functions of calcium include part of the structural component of cell walls
of plants, all calcareous tissues in humans and all other animal species, cofactor in
biological electrochemical reactions; functions in cells and enzymes as a reaction
facilitating cofactor (i


., in blood clotting, etc.).

Calcium is the fifth most abundant mineral in the crust of the earth and the
biosphere and is essential to all earth dwelling life forms. There is evidence that
clearly shows humans are designed to consume and use high-calcium diets. The
late Paleolithic Period of 35,000 to 10,000 years ago was the most recent time
that our human ancestors lived in the bios for which they had been biochemically
designed. The agricultural revolution occurred 10,000 years ago, and it reduced
the wide variety of wild foods in the human food chain and increased the supply
of food energy. These changes in food sources universally and forever decreased
man's dietary intake of minerals, trace minerals, and rare earths.

===== Screenshot (608) -- Page 679 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

The uncultivated food plants and wild game commonly available to Stone
‘Age humans would supply 1,600 mg of calcium at the basal energy intakes and
between 2,000 and 3,000 mg of calcium at the energy levels required for hunting
and work.

Lime as a building material has been used since prehistoric times, going as far
back as 14000 BC. The first lime kiln dating back to 2500 BC was from Khafajah,
Mesopotamia. Notes were found dated back to 975 AD, that describes the use of
“plaster of Paris” (calcium sulfate) was used for casts to set bone fractures.

Approximately 99% of the total human body calcium is found in the
bones and teeth. The remainder of the body's calcium reserve is employed for
exocytosis, especially for neurotransmitter release and muscle contraction. In the
electrical conduction system of the heart, calcium replaces sodium as the mineral
that depolarizes the cell, proliferating the action potential. In cardiac muscle,
sodium influx commences an action potential, but during potassium efflux, the
cardiac myocyte experiences calcium influx, prolonging the action potential and
creating a plateau phase of dynamic equilibrium.

Historically high-calcium intakes were believed by medical doctors to cause
kidney stones; however, it has been reported in the 20th century (by Wallach) that


a high intake of dietary calcium in fact reduces the risk of nutritional secondary
hyperparathyroidism, hypercalcemia, and kidney stones.

During the 20th century, American adults have an average calcium intake of
only one fifth to one third as much as did Stone Age humans. The National
Health and Nutrition Examination Survey II reported a median calcium intake for
‘American women of between 300 and 508 mg per day and only 680 mg per day
for American men.

Other nutrients in the American diet aggravate the national calcium deficiency
problem. Un-supplemented diets that are rich in salt and protein (phosphates)
result in an increased calcium “cost,” that, in effect, increase the requirements for

calcium, When food is heavily salted, urinary calcium increases from 96 mg per
day to 148 mg per day. As protein (phosphate) intake is doubled, the output in
urinary calcium increased by 50%,

There are no less than 147 different deficiency-diseases that are directly
attributed to a calcium deficiency or imbalance. The most recent clinical research
clearly points out that the entire scope of American diets are critically deficient
in calcium and that the only practical way to assure sufficient calcium intake
is to supplement. Again, the allopaths who did the study failed miserably by
recommending that each adult in American eat five cups of broccoli each day as.
a valuable source of calcium. Try to get a kid, a U.S. president, or an MD to eat
that much broccoli. (And there is no guarantee how much calcium there is in the


broccol

Common Calcium-Deficiency Diseases


Disease Complicating factors


Osteoporosis (kyphosis, scoliosis,
Dowagers Hump, lordosis, Legg-
Perthe’s, spontaneous fractures)

Deficiencies of: Mg, B, Cu, S,
Se, St, Ac, Fl; Excess Fl, P, Cd,
dietary lipids & NaCl
Receding gums (osteoporosis of
face & jaw)

Same as osteoporosis

Osteomalacia (failure to Same as osteoporosis

mineralize the matrix)


Myelosclerosis (bone marrow Same as osteoporosis

dysplasia, Osteofibrosis, etc.)

Arthritis (degenerative, osteo, Same as osteoporosis

bone on bone)

===== Screenshot (609) -- Page 681 of 936 =====
Spondylitis (ankylosing
spondylitis)

Bone spurs (tendon & ligament
attachments)

Kidney stones (cystic calculi)
NSH (nutritional
hyperparathyroidism)
Hypertension (high blood
pressure)

Insomnia (sleep apnea, snoring,
etc.)

Calcium deposits (vascular,
tendons, ligaments, restless leg,
atrial-fibrillation, etc.)

Cramps & twitches (Tourette's
syndrome, foot, calf, hamstring,
eyelids, etc.)

PMS (emotional & physical
symptoms)

Low back (sciatica, spasm, disc,
etc.)

Neuropathy (Bell’s palsy,
trigeminal neuralgia, sciatica,
restless leg, etc.)

Tetany (total body “cramp” or

‘Same as osteoporosis,

Same as osteoporosis

Same as osteoporosis

‘Same as osteoporosis,

Same as osteoporosis

Same as osteoporosis

‘Same as osteoporosis,

‘Same as osteoporosis,

‘Same as osteoporosis,

‘Same as osteoporosis,

Same as osteoporosis

Same as osteoporosis


EPIGENETICS


convulsion, NSH, etc.)

Panic attack (hyperirritability) Same as osteoporosis


The more common calcium-deficiency diseases are easy to recognize and
range from poor clotting time of the blood when people nick themselves shaving
(calcium is a cofactor for the blood clotting mechanism), osteoporosis (that
allopaths think of as a disease of aging), arthritis (for which allopaths prescribe
pain killers and surgery), to kidney stones (which allopaths say is too much
calcium).

Famous people who have suffered unnecessarily from calcium deficiency
include President (41) George Bush (he “required” hip replacement surgery),
Pope John Paul II (suffered a fractured hip/osteoporosis), Elizabeth Taylor
(had osteoporosis/hip replacement surgery), “Bo” Jackson (had fractured hip/
osteoporosis), Bill Walton, a vegan of professional basketball fame (had knee,
foot, and bone spur problems) and Ted Williams, Baseball Hall of Fame, (had
osteoporosis/arthritis), etc.

Calcium is the most abundant mineral in the human body. The average male
has 1,200 grams (approximately 3 pounds) and the average female has 1,000
grams (approximately 2 pounds), which makes up about two percent of the
human body weight (water makes up 65 to 75%) and up to 39 percent of the
total mineral reserves of the human body (ash). Ninety-nine percent of the total
body calcium is found in the bones and teeth, and the remaining one percent is.
found in the blood, extracellular fluid, and within cells where it is a cofactor and
activator for numerous chemical, DNA, and enzymatic reactions.


The calcium in bones is in the form of hydroxyapatite salts composed of
calcium phosphate and calcium carbonate in a classic crystal structure bound
to a protein framework (put a chicken “drumstick” bone into a quart of vinegar

===== Screenshot (610) -- Page 683 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

at room temperature for 30 days and the calcium will be leached out of the
bone, leaving a collagen matrix). Similar types of hydroxyapatite are found in the
enamel and dentine of teeth; however, little is available from teeth to contribute
to rapidly available calcium to supply and maintain proper blood levels.

In addition to being a major structural mineral, Ca is also required for the
release of energy from ATP for muscular contraction, blood clotting (ionized
Ca stimulates the release of thromboplastin from the platelets, converts


prothrombin to thrombin, and thrombin facilitates the conversion of fibrinogen
to fibrin. Fibrin creates the protein “web” that traps the RBCs to form blood clots);
Ca mediates the transport function of cell and organelle membranes; Ca effects
the release of neurotransmitters at synaptic junctions; Ca mediates the synthesis,
secretion and metabolic effects of hormones and enzymes; Ca helps to regulate
the heartbeat, muscle tone and muscle receptiveness to nerve stimulation and
communication.

Calcium is absorbed primarily through the duodenum, where the intestinal
environment is still acid. Once the food in the intestine becomes alkaline, the
absorption of Ca drops significantly. Calcium is absorbed from the small intestine
by active cellular transport and by simple diffusion, Metallic calcium absorption
may be limited to 10 percent or less and is affected by many substances in the
gut. Calcium is absorbed more efficiently in its plant derived colloidal form and
water soluble chelates.

Lack of vitamin D and stomach acid (hypochlorhydria which is produced by
a NaCl deficiency) will both produce a Ca deficiency. Lactose intolerance, celiac
disease, gluten intolerance, a high-fat diet and a low protein intake, and a high
phytate consumption (phytic acid is a phosphorus containing acid compound
found in raw vegetables, nuts, bran of grains and seeds as well as the stems of
many plants, especially oatmeal and whole wheat that combine with Ca to form
calcium phytate which is insoluble and thus unavailable to humans) all result

in a Ca deficiency. Oxalic acid in rhubarb, spinach, chard, and greens combine
with Ca to form an insoluble calcium oxalate which is not absorbed; fiber
itself, besides the phytate content, prevents Ca absorption; an alkaline intestine,
gut hypermobility, pharmaceuticals (anti-seizure drugs, diuretics, etc.) result in
a decreased efficiency of absorption and retention; excess of consumption of
caffeine will leach Ca from bone reserves.

Parathormone secreted by the parathyroid gland and calcitonin secreted by
the thyroid gland maintain a serum Ca level of 85 to 10.5 by increasing
absorption of Ca and by drawing on Ca reserves from the bones. Parathormone
also affects the kidney so that it encourages the conservation of Ca. When
the blood levels of Ca begins to rise above normal levels because of too
much parathormone activity, calcitonin reduces the supply of Ca from the bone
reserves.

In 1980 McCarron et. al. theorized that chronic Ca deficiency led to
hypertension, More than 30 subsequent studies supported the original theory
of Ca deficiency as the cause of hypertension. Additionally, recent studies have
shown, that serum ionized Ca is consistently lower in humans with untreated
hypertension. In a recent review article, Sowers, et. al. noted that the association
of Ca intake and blood pressure is most clear in people with daily Ca intakes of
less than 500 mg a day.

The phenomenon of salt sensitivity consists of a rise in blood pressure and
sustained increase in urinary loss of Ca in response to salt consumption. Among
black and elderly whites with essential hypertension, restricted intakes of Ca
and K, rather than elevated salt consumption itself, is responsible for the “salt
sensitivity.” In a four-year study of 58,218 nurses, hypertension was more likely to


develop in females who took in less than 800 mg of Ca per day.
In a 19-year observational study of 1,954 men, 49 cases of colorectal
cancer were identified. Analysis of the results showed very clearly that the

===== Screenshot (611) -- Page 685 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

incidence of colorectal cancer increased 300% as the Ca intake decreased from
160mg/100kcal to 24.9 mg/100kcal of diet.

Up to 75% of consumed Ca is lost in the feces, two percent is lost in the urine
and sweat (15 mg per day is lost in normal sweating, This can double or triple in
active athletes); in cases of excess urine loss of calcium (osteoporosis, NSH, excess
dietary P, etc.) it will produce kidney stones, bone spurs, and calcium deposits.

Bone spurs, heel spurs, and calcium deposits always develop at the sites
of insertions of tendons and ligaments during a raging osteoporosis. Bone
spurs, heel spurs, and calcium deposits can be reversed and eliminated by
supplementing with significant amounts of chelated and colloidal calcium
sources.

Not only are farm soils and food sources deficient in calcium; additionally the
typical human diet is rich in P, which is found in just about every cultural diet,
ferti


er and food additives.

Ideally, the Ca:P ratio in the diets of all vertebrates including humans should
be 2:1; however, this ideal ratio is not found naturally in the human diet without
proper supplementation and avoidance of high P junk food (such as soft drinks,
etc).

Cd - Cadmium is found in igneous rocks at 0.2 ppm; shale at 0.3; sandstone at
0.05 ppm; limestone at 0.035 ppm; fresh water at 0.08 ppm; sea water at 0.00011
ppm; soils at 0.06 ppm; marine plants at 0.4 ppm; land plants at 0.6 ppm; marine
animals at 0.15 to 3.0 ppm; land animals at 0.5 ppm (can accumulate in the
kidney).

Cadmium was isolated in 1817 by Friedrich Strohmeyer. The name “cadmium”
comes from the Latin word cadmia, which translates to “calamine" or zinc
carbonate. In 1907 the British Pharmaceutical Codex listed cadmium iodide as a
therapy for enlarged joints, scrofulous glands (tuberculosis), and chilblains.

Cadmium is a soft, bluish-white metal that can easily be cut with a knife; it is
similar in many respects to zinc, and it will produce a characteristic “scream” when
a cadmium bar is bent.

Functions of cadmium include stimulating the hatching of nematode (worm)
cysts. Cadmium-bound proteins have been isolated from molluscs and horse
kidney. Cadmium can substitute for zinc in zinc deficiency states by its ability
to activate some zinc dependent enzymes (that is, cadmium-dependent carbonic
anhydrase in marine diatoms).

Ce - Cerium, a “Rare Earth” element, is found in igneous rocks at 60 ppm; shale
at 59 ppm; sandstone sat 92 ppm; limestone at 12 ppm; sea water at 0.0004 ppm;


soil at 50 ppm; in land plants it can accumulate up to 320 ppm by Corya spp; land
animals at 0.003 ppm (accumulates in bone).

Cerium was named for the dwarf planet Ceres (which was named after the
Roman goddess of agriculture). Cerium is the most abundant form of the rare
earth elements. Cerium was discovered in Bastnas in Sweden by Jons Jakob
Berzelius and Wihelm Hisinger and also in Germany by Martin Heinrich Klaproth
in 1803.

Cerium can function in a similar fashion to calcium an all organisms, so it is
deposited in bones and has been shown to stimulate metabolism. Cerium can
be commonly found in tobacco plants, barley, and in the wood of beech trees.
Cerium nitrate is used as a topical disinfectant for severe burn victims.

Cl - Chlorine is found in igneous rock at 130 ppm; shale at 180 ppm; sandstone
at 10 ppm; limestone at 150 ppm; fresh water 7 to 8 ppm; sea water at 19,000


ppm; soil at 100 ppm (higher in alkaline soils, near the sea and in deserts —
a major exchangeable anion in many soils); marine plants at 4,700 ppm; land

===== Screenshot (612) -- Page 687 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

plants at 2,000 ppm; marine animals at 5,000 to 90,000 ppm (highest in soft
coelenterates); land animals at 2,800 ppm (highest in mammalian hair and skin).

The most common compound of chlorine, sodium chloride (salt), has been
known since ancient times; archaeologists have discovered evidence that rock salt
was used as early as 3000 BC and as a brine since 6000 BC In 1630, chlorine was
identified as a gas by the Belgian chemist and physician Jan Baptist Van Helmont.
In 1774 Swedish chemist Carl Wilhelm Scheele isolated elemental chlorine.

In 1810 Sir Humphry Davy concluded that chlorine is an element not a
compound, and he named the new element chlorine from the Greek word chloros
or “green-yellow.” In 1811 the term “halogen”


\r “salt producer” was introduced
by Johann Salomo Christoph Schweiger to describe chlorine; however, it later
became a generic term for all elements found in the chlorine halogin family
(including fluorine, bromine, and iodine).

In France there was a need for animal intestines to produce the strings for
musical instruments, Goldbeater’s skin, etc. These processes were performed
in “gut factories” (boyauderies), which were by their very nature smelly and
dangerous because of the quantities of “germs” in the animal intestines.

In 1820 the Societe d’encouragement pour l'industrie nationale offered a
reward for the development of an industrial process, chemical or mechanical, to
separate the peritoneal membrane from animal intestines and at the same time
prevent putrefaction. The prize was awarded to Antoine-Germain Labarraque, a
‘44 year old French chemist and pharmacist who had discovered that chlorinated
bleaching solutions ("Eau de Javel”) would prevent and eliminate the odor of
putrefaction and prevent decomposition itself.

Labarraque's research produced chlorides and hypochlorites of lime (calcium
hypochlorite) and of sodium (sodium hypochlorite) that were used, not only in
the boyauderies, but also for the daily disinfection and deodorizing of latrines,
sewers, markets, slaughter houses, anatomy laboratories, and morgues. These

chloride products were also employed in hospitals, lazarets, prisons, infirmaries
on land and at sea, zoological parks, stables, barns, exhumations of human
bodies, embalming, disinfection during epidemics, fever, black leg in cattle, and
so forth.

Labarraque’s chlorinated lime and soda solutions were recommended in 1828
to prevent infections (“contagious infections” transmitted by “miasmas") and
to treat putrefaction of existing septic wounds. In his 1828 work, Labarraque
recommended that doctors breathe chlorine, wash their hands with chlorinated
lime, and sprinkle chlorinated lime on the patient's bed in cases of “contagious
infectio


” In 1828 it was universally accepted that some infections were
“contagious” even though the germs had not yet been identified.

During the 1832 cholera outbreak in Paris, large volumes of chloride of lime
were used to disinfect the capital. Labarraque'’s methods helped to eliminate the
smell of decay from hospitals and dissecting rooms—effectively deodorizing the
Latin Quarter of Paris.

In 1854 a cholera outbreak occurred in London and was traced to
contaminated water being drawn from the Broad Street pump. The epidemic was
stemmed by the sprinkling of chloride of lime in the streets surrounding the
pump.

The most well-known application of Labarraque’s chlorine solution was in
1847, when Ignaz Semmelweis used chlorine water to “deodorize” the hands
of Austrian doctors, which Semmelweis noticed still carried the stench of
decomposition from the autopsy room to the delivery room.

Semmelweis, long before the germ theory, had theorized that “cadaveric
particles" were somehow transmitting decay from dead bodies to live patients,
and that soap and water alone failed to solve the problem, so he employed
the famous Labarraque's solution as the only known method to remove the
smell of decay and decomposition from the hands of doctors. His choice of the

===== Screenshot (613) -- Page 689 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

chloride solutions as a hand disinfectant for doctors brought to an end to the
transmission of childbed fever (“puerperal fever") from doctors to patients in
the maternity wards of theVienna General Hospital in Austria in 1847. For his
efforts, Semmelweis was forcibly committed to an insane asylum by his fellow
doctors, and shortly thereafter was found dead from blunt trauma to the head.
His medical colleagues claimed that he committed suicide.

By 1918 the U.S. department of the Treasury decreed that all public drinking-
water systems must be disinfected by the use of chlorine. Chlorine in water is
more than three times as effective as a disinfectant against Escherichia coli, than
an equivalent concentration of bromine, and is more than six times more effective
than an equivalent concentration of iodine.

Essential for all living organisms and electrochemical and catalytic functions,
activates numerous enzymes and is the basic raw material for the gastric “chief”
cells to manufacture HCl for stomach acidity to keep the stomach sterile, increase
the digestive capacity of pepsin (the protein digesting enzyme), and increase the
absorption of minerals and B,, (intrinsic factor). Salt (sodium chloride) is the
universal source of chloride ions.


Cm — Curium is found in igneous rocks at 0.0001 ppm; all isotopes are radioactive
with a 2.5 x 108 years half-life. It exists in some molybdenites, and this radioactive
mineral accumulates in mammalian bone.

Curium was first synthesized, isolated, and identified by Glenn T. Seaborg,
Ralph A. James, and Albert Ghiorso in 1944 at the University of California,
Berkeley. The new element was named after Marie Sklodowska-Curie and her
husband Pierre Curie for their discovery of radium and their pioneering studies in
radiation.

Co - Cobalt is found in igneous rocks at about 25 ppm; shale at19 ppm;

sandstone at 0.3 ppm; limestone at 0.1 ppm; fresh water at 0.0009 ppm; sea
water at 0.00027 ppm; soils at 8 ppm (highest in soils derived from basalt or
serpentine). Vast areas of the earth's surface are known to be absolutely devoid
of cobalt.

Marine plants contain cobalt at 0.7 ppm; land plants at 0.5 ppm (accumulator
plants include Nyssa sylvatica and Clethra spp,).

Marine animals contain cobalt at 0.5 to 5.0 ppm; land animals at 0.03 ppm
with the greatest concentrations found in the bone and liver.

Cobalt-based blue pigment (cobalt blue) has been used since ancient times
for jewelry and paints and to give a blue tint to glass. Miners had given cobalt
the name Kobold ore (German for goblin ore) for some of the blue-pigmented
minerals. They were named “goblin ore” because they contained very little of
the known metals, and when they were smelted they gave off poisonous arsenic-
containing fumes. In 1735 goblin ore was reducible to a new metal (the first such
discovery since ancient times) and it was named Kobold. In modern times the
main source of cobalt is as a byproduct of copper and nickel mining.

Cobalt is essential for blue-green algae, some bacteria and fungi, some plants,
insects, birds, reptiles, amphibians, and mammals including man. Cobalt is the
active center of coenzymes called cobalamins, they function as a cofactor and
activator for enzymes, fixes nitrogen during amino acid production; a single
cobalt atom is the central metal component of vitamin Bj, which itself is a
cofactor and activator (cobamide coenzymes) for several essential enzymes.

B,2 cobalt is chelated in a large tetrapyrrole ring similar to the porphoryn
ring found in hemoglobin and chlorophyll. The original B,, molecule isolated in
the laboratory contained a cyanide group; thus the name cyanocobalamine; there
are several different cobalamine compounds that have vitamin B,, activity, with
cyanocobalamine and hydroxycobalamine the most active.

===== Screenshot (614) -- Page 691 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Vitamine B, is a red crystalline substance that is water soluble; the red color is
due to the cobalt in the molecule. Vitamin B,,. is slowly deactivated by acid, alkali,
light, and oxidizing or reducing substances; about 30 percent of B,, activity is lost
during cooking (by electric, wood, gas, or microwave).

In 1948, By was isolated from liver extract and it clearly demonstrated an
anti-pernicious anemia activity.

The essentiality of cobalt is unusual in that the requirement is for a cobalt
complex known as cyanocobalamine or vitamin B,». A pure cobalt requirement is
only found in certain bacteria and algae, and the need for B,, cobalt is thought
by some to represent a symbiotic relationship between microbes, which generate
and manufacture B,, from elemental cobalt, and vertebrates that require B, >.

Rumenants (i.e., cows, sheep, goats, deer, antelope, bison, giraffe, etc.) can use
elemental cobalt as a raw material to manufacture B,>. However, the microbes
fermenting and digesting plant material in their first stomach (rumen) convert
elemental cobalt into vitamin B,, which the animal can use.

Carnivores can get their By» from the rumenant by consuming stomach
contents, liver, bone, and muscle from their kills.

Poultry, lagomorphs (rabbits and hares), and rodents actively eat feces during
the night (coprophagy) and in the process obtain B,, that is manufactured by
intestinal microorganisms.

Metallic cobalt, itself, is absorbed at the rate of 20 to 26.2 percent in mice and
humans if intrinsic factor is present in the stomach and the gastric ph is 2.0 or
less. Intrinsic factor is a mucoprotein enzyme known as Castle's Intrinsic Factor
and is part of normal gastric secretions.

If a person has hypochlorhydria (low stomach acid—usually a NaCl deficiency)
the intrinsic factor will not work, and By, cobalt is not absorbed. This is
why doctors frequently give By, shots to older people on salt-restricted diets.
Sublingual (under the tongue) and oral spray B,, is available; plant derived cobalt

is very bioavailable, however, because of low salt diets and cobalt depleted soils,
vegetarians will frequently acquire a B,, deficiency.

The B,2 Intrinsic Factor complex is primarily absorbed in the terminal small
intestine or ileum; calcium is required for the B,, to cross from the intestine
into the bloodstream as well as an active participation by intestinal cells. Simple
diffusion can account for one to three percent of the B,, absorption.

There is an enterohepatic (intestine direct to the liver) circulation of B,, that
recycles B,, through bile and other intestinal secretions, which explains why By.
deficiency may not appear in un-supplemented vegans for five to ten years.

The maximum storage level of B,, is 2 mg, which is slowly released to the
bone marrow as needed. Excess intake of B,, is shed in the urine.

Vitamin B,,/cobalt joins with folic acid, choline, and the amino acid
methionine to transfer single carbon groups (methyl groups) in the synthesis
of the raw materials to make RNA and synthesis of DNA from RNA (directly
involved in gene function—remember preconception nutrition is necessary to


prevent birth defects!). Growth, myelin formation (converts cholesterol into the
insulating material myelin found surrounding the nerve fibers in the brain and
large nerve trunks), and RBC synthesis, are dependent on adequate dietary levels
of cholesterol and B,».

The discovery of the essentiality of cobalt came from veterinarians observing
a fatal disease called “bush sickness” in cattle and sheep from Australia and New
Zealand. It was observed that “bush sickness” could be successfully treated and
prevented by cobalt supplementation.

Bush sickness in livestock was characterized by emaciation (un-supplemented
vegans), dull stare, a listless, starved look, pale mucus membranes, anorexia (loss
of appetite), anemia (microcytic/hypochromic), and general un-thriftiness.

In humans, a failure to absorb B,,/cobalt results from a surgical removal of
parts of the stomach (eliminates areas of Intrinsic Factor production), or surgical

===== Screenshot (615) -- Page 693 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

removal of the ileum portion of the small bowel, a small intestinal diverticula,
parasites (tapeworm), celiac disease, gluten intolerance, and other malabsorption
diseases. Pernicious anemia and demyelination of the spinal cord and large nerve
trunks are classics for B, »/cobalt deficiency.

Less than 0.07 ppm Co in the soil results in cobalt deficiency in animals and
people who eat crops grown from those soils; 0.11 ppm Co in the soil prevents
and cures Co deficiency.

The RDA for B,,/cobalt is 3 to 4 mcg per day, we prefer “expensive urine”
and like 250 to 400 mcg per day, especially while preparing for a pregnancy and
nursing (remember: a baby being nursed by a nutritionally-deficient mother has
their deficiency extended over a long period of time and may result in serious
permanent nerve damage.

Cobalt excess in man (20 to 30 mg/day) may create erythropoiesis (excessive
RBC production) with increased production of the hormone erythropoietin from
the kidney. Cobalt is also a necessary cofactor for the production of thyroid
hormone.

Cr - Chromium is found in igneous rock at 100 ppm; shale at 90 ppm; sandstone
at 35 ppm and limestone at 11 ppm; fresh water at 0.00018 ppm; sea water at
0.00005 ppm; soils at 5.0 to 3,000 ppm (highest in soils derived from basalt and
serpentine); marine plants at 1 ppm; land plants at 0.23 ppm; marine animals 0.2
= 1.0 ppm; land animals 0.075 ppm; and it is accumulated by RNA and insulin.

Chromium oxide was employed by the Chinese in the Qin dynasty over 2,000
years ago in the late 34 century BC to coat the metal weapons found in Xi'an
with the Terracotta Army. The ancient bronze tips of crossbow bolts and swords
found at the site had very little oxidation or corrosion because the bronze was
deliberately coated with a thin layer of chromium oxide.

Chromium activates phosphoglucosonetase and other enzymes and is tightly

associated with GTF (glucose tolerance factor, a combination of chromium
Ill, dinicotinic acid and glutathione). The reported plasma levels of chromium
in humans over the past 20 years has ranged from 0.075 to 13 ng/ml.
Concentrations of chromium in human hair is ten times greater than in blood,
making hair analysis a much more accurate view of chromium stores and function
in the human (there is an average of 1.5 mg in the human body under optimal
conditions).

Very little inorganic chromium is stored in the human body; once inorganic
chromium is absorbed, it is almost entirely excreted in the urine (therefore urine
chromium levels can be used to estimate dietary chromium status). Dietary sugar
loads (such as colas, apple juice, grape juice, honey, candy, table sugar, fructose,
etc.) increase the natural rate of urinary Cr loss by 300% for 12 hours.

The average human daily intake of 50 to 100 ug of inorganic Cr from food
supplies only 0.25 to 0.5 ug of usable chromium, by contrast 25% of chelated
chromium is absorbed. The chromium RDA for humans is a range of 50 to 200 ug
per day for adults.

The concentration of Cr in human tissue tends to be higher in newborn
animals and newborn humans than it is in later life. If fact, the tissue Cr levels
of unsupplemented humans steadily decreases throughout life. Of even more
concern has been the steady decline in the average American serum chromium
since 1948:


Mean Cr blood levels (u/l) Year

28-1,000 1948
13 1971
10 1972

===== Screenshot (616) -- Page 695 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS


1973
0.73-1.6 1974
0.16 1978
0.43 1980
0.13 1985


The fasting chromium plasma level of pregnant women is lower than that of
non-pregnant women. Increasing impairment of glucose tolerance in “normal”
pregnancy is well documented and reflects a chromium deficiency oftentimes
resulting in pregnancy-onset diabetes. One study demonstrated abnormal
glucose tolerance in 77 % of clinically “normal” adults over the age of 70.
According to Richard Anderson, a USDA spokesperson, stated that “90 percent of
Americans are deficient in chromium.”

Gary Evans, of Bemidji State University, Minnesota, very clearly demonstrated
an increased life span in laboratory animals by 33.3 % when they were
supplemented with chromium. Prior to this study, gerontologists, led by Roy
Walford, felt a severe restriction of calories was the only way to extend life past
the extended average.

Deficiencies of Cr in humans are characterized by a wide variety of clinical
diseases as well as a shortened life expectancy. The clinical manifestations
of chromium deficiency diseases are aggravated by a concurrent vanadium
deficiency and an increase in dietary carbohydrates and sugars.

Diseases and Symptoms of Chromium Deficiency

Low blood sugar
Reactive hypoglycemia

Bed wetting
Pre-diabetes

Diabetes (Type 2)

Hyperinsulinemia

Hyperactivity

Learning disability

ADD/ADHD

Hyperirratability

Depression

Manic depression

“Bi-polar” disease

Dr. Jekyll/Mr. Hyde rages ("Bad Seeds")
Impaired growth

Peripheral neuropathy

Negative nitrogen balance (protein/muscle loss)
Elevated blood triglycerides (> 200)

Elevated blood cholesterol (> 270)

Coronary artery disease

Aortic cholesterol plaque

Infertility (anovulation and low sperm count)
Shortened life span


Cs - Cesium (caesium) is found in igneous rocks at 1 ppm; shale at 5 ppm;
sandstone and limestone at 0.5 ppm; fresh water at 0.0002 ppm; sea water at
0.00005 ppm; soils at 0.3 to 25 ppm; marine plants at 0.07 ppm. Land plants at

0.2 ppm; and land animals at 0.064 ppm (highest concentrations in the muscle).

===== Screenshot (617) -- Page 697 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Two German chemists, Robert Bunsen and Gustav Kirchhoff, isolated cesium
from mineral water collected in Durkheim, Germany, in 1860 using the new
“flame spectroscopy” technique.

As an alkaline mineral, cesium behaves similarly to sodium, potassium,
and rubidium chemically. Cesium and potassium enter into a solute complex
which participates in ion antagonism, osmosis, permeability regulation and
maintenance of the colloidal state in the living cell. The increase in dietary and
supplemental potassium increases the rate of excretion or loss of cesium.

Cesium chloride is used as part of alternative cancer therapy. Cesium provides
“high pH therapy for cancer by entering the cancer cell and producing an alkaline
environment.” Cesium has been recommended for the treatment of many types
of cancer including sarcomas, bronchiogenic carcinoma, and colon cancer.

Cu - Copper is found in igneous rocks at 55 ppm; shale at 45 ppm; sandstone at 5
ppm; limestone at 4 ppm; fresh water at 0.01 ppm; sea water at 0.003 ppm; soils
at 2 to 100 ppm (copper is strongly absorbed by humus; there are known areas in
the world with extreme copper deficiency); marine plants at 11 ppm; land plants
at 14 ppm; marine animals at 4 to 50 ppm (accumulates in the blood of annelids/
worms, crustaceans and molluscs, especially cephalopods); land animals at 2 to 4
ppm with highest levels in the liver.

The metal that is copper, has been used for thousands of years. In the Roman
Era, copper was primarily mined in Cyprus; hence it had the name cyprium (metal
of Cyprus), later shortened to cuprum. Its compounds are commonly found in
nature as azurite and turquoise.

Alloying copper with tin to make bronze was first employed about 4,000
years after the discovery of copper smelting and approximately 2,000 years
after “natural bronze” had come into common use. The Bronze Age began in
Southeastern Europe about 3700-3500 BC, and in Northwestern Europe about

2500 BC. It ended at the beginning of the Iron Age, 2000-1000 BC in the
Near East, and 600 BC in Northern Europe. Brass, an alloy of copper and zinc,
is a relatively new technique. It was known to the Greeks, but only became a
supplement to bronze during the Roman Empire.

Aphrodite and Venus represented copper in mythology and alchemy, because
of its lustrous beauty, its ancient use in producing mirrors, and its association with
Cyprus, which was sacred to the goddess. The seven heavenly bodies known to
the ancients were associated with the seven metals known in antiquity, and Venus
was assigned to copper.

Copper proteins have a wide role in biological electron transport and oxygen
transportation, processes that make use of the simple interconversion of Cu(!)
and Cu(ll). The biological role of copper started with the formation of oxygen in
the earth's atmosphere. The protein hemocyanin is the oxygen carrier for most
mollusks and some arthropods (such as the horseshoe crab, Limulus polyphemus).
Because hemocyanin is blue, these invertebrates have blue blood, not the red
blood found in vertebrates that use hemoglobin.

Copper is also a component of other proteins that are used to process oxygen.
In cytochrome c oxidase, which is required for aerobic respiration, copper and iron
cooperate in the reduction of oxygen. Copper is also found in many superoxide
dismutases, the proteins that catalyze the decomposition of superoxides, by
converting them (by disproportionation) to oxygen and hydrogen peroxide.

Copper is essential to all living organisms and is a universally important
cofactor for many hundreds of metalloenzymes. Copper deficiency is widespread
and the resultant diseases in humans appear in many forms. Copper is required in
many physiological functions (including RNA, DNA, lysil oxidase cofactor, melanin


production (hair and skin pigment), electron transfer of oxygen subcellular
respiration, tensile strength of elastic fibers in blood vessels, skin, vertebral discs,

etc).

===== Screenshot (618) -- Page 700 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Diseases and Symptoms of Copper Deficiency

White hair, gray hair, silver hair

Dry brittle hair (“steely wool” in sheep)

Enzootic ataxia in sheep

Mad cow disease (BSE cattle)

Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (BSE in humans)

Ptosis (ie., sagging tissue—eye lids, skin, breasts, belly, etc.)
Hernias (congenital and acquired)

Varicose veins/ spider veins (hemorrhoids)

Aneurysms (aortic, cerebral, coronary, gastric, etc.)

Kawasaki Disease (congenital aneurysms with streptococcal infection)
Marfan's syndrome

Anemia (vegan and high milk diets)

Hypo and Hyper thyroid

Arthritis (especially when growth plate is involved)

Ruptured & bulging vertebral discs

Liver cirrhosis

Violent behavior, blind rage, explosive behavior, criminal behavior
Learning disabilities

Cerebral palsy and hypoplasia of the cerebellum (congenital ataxia)
High blood cholesterol

Iron storage disease (hemosiderosis)

Reduced glucose tolerance (hypoglycemia, reactive hypoglycemia)
Neutropenia (low white blood cell count)

Neonatal enzootic ataxia (sway back, lamkruis) was recognized as a clinical
entity in 1937 as a congenital manifestation of a copper deficiency in pregnant
sheep. Copper supplements prevented the syndrome which was characterized by

demyelination of the cerebellum (cerebral palsy) and spinal cord.

The lesions of enzootic ataxia in sheep are consistent with the lesions of
“mad cow" disease (Bovine Spongeoform Encephalitis or BSE in cattle and
CreutzfeldtJakob disease in humans), which in both cattle and humans is thought
by the medical community to be transmitted by prions (a non-RNA/non-DNA
protein). Despite finger pointing about this hysteria-driven theory, no one has of
yet satisfied Koch's postulates by transmitting the disease by injecting pure prions
into susceptible cattle or humans, and the existence of aneurysms and loss of hair
color, both the result of a copper deficiency, are predictably found concurrently
with CJD. This would not be the first time in medical history where the prevailing
medical thought for the cause of certain diseases was an infectious agent (i.e.,
this happened with scurvy, beriberi, pellagra, cardiomyopathy, gingivitis, Bell’s
palsy, multiple sclerosis, etc.), when in fact the disease was caused by a nutritional
deficiency.

Congenital copper deficiency can produce cavitation or gelatinous lesions of
the cerebral white matter, chromatolysis, nerve-cell death, myelin aplasia (failure
to form), and a congenital cerebellar hypoplasia (under development). These are
all changes identical with human cerebral palsy.

Famous people affected or dying of an obvious copper deficiency include
Albert Einstein (white hair, ruptured aneurysm), Paavo Aerola (ruptured cerebral
aneurysms), Conway Twitty (ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm), George and
Barbara Bush (thyroid disease, white hair). Four to six of every100 Americans
autopsied had died of a ruptured aneurysm, and an additional 40% had
aneurysms that had not yet ruptured.

The average well-nourished adult human body contains between 80 and 120
mg of copper. Concentrations are higher in the brain, liver, heart, and kidneys.
Bone and muscle have lower percentages of copper but contain SO percent of
the body total copper reserves because of their greater mass. It is of interest that

===== Screenshot (619) -- Page 702 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

the greatest concentration of copper is found in the newborn, and their daily
requirement is 0.08 mg/kg; toddlers require 0.04 mg/kg and adults only 0.03 mg/
kg.

The average plasma copper for women ranges from 87 to 153 mg/dl and for
men it ranges from 89 to 137 mg/dl; about 90 percent of the plasma copper is
found in ceruloplasmin.

Copper functions as a co-factor and activator of numerous cuproenzymes
that are involved in the development (deficiency of Cu in the pregnant female
results in congenital defects of the heart and major blood vessels (incorrectly
thought to be genetic, including Kawasaki Disease and Marfan’s syndrome) and
defects of the brain, such as cerebral palsy and hypoplasia of the cerebellum),
and maintenance of the cardiovascular system (deficiency results in reduced
lysyl oxidase activity causing a reduction in conversion of pro-elastin into elastin
causing a decrease in tinsel strength of arterial walls, dissecting aneurysms and
ruptured aneurysms, and skeletal integrity. Copper deficiency results in a specific
type of arthritis of the young in the form of spurs in the bone's growth plate;
deficiency of copper can produce myelin (BSE) defects, anemia, and poor hair
keratinization and loss of hair color.

Neutropenia (reduced numbers of neutrophilic WBC) and leukopenia (reduced
total WBC) are the earliest indications of copper deficiency in infants; infants


whose diets are primarily cow's milk frequently develop anemia; iron storage
disease can result from a chronic copper deficiency.

Menkes’ Kinky Hair Syndrome is thought to be a “sex-linked recessive defect”
of copper absorption. This syndrome can be produced in gluten-intolerant
children born to gluten-intolerant mothers (sex-linked but not genetically t
ransmitted). The affected infant's exhibit retarded growth, defective hair and skin
keratin, and a loss of hair pigment, low body temperature, degeneration and

fracture of aortic elastin (aneurysms), arthritis in the growth plates of long bones,

and a progressive mental deterioration because brain tissue is totally free of the
essential enzyme cytochrome c oxidase.

Serum and plasma copper increase 100% in pregnant women and in women
using oral contraceptives. Serum copper levels are also elevated during acute
infections, liver disease, and pellagra (niacin deficiency).

Dy - Dysprosium, a rare earth metal, is found in igneous rocks at 3 ppm; in shale
at 4 to 6 ppm; in sandstone at 7.2 ppm and limestone at 0.9 ppm. Concentrations
in terrestrial animals (0.01 ppm) are highest in the bones.


Dysprosium was first identified in 1886 by a French chemist, Paul Emile Lecoq
de Boisbaudran while he was studying holmium oxide. He gave it the name
dysprosium from the Greek word dysprositos meaning “hard to get,” however,
it was not isolated in its pure form until the development of ion exchange
techniques in the 1950s.

Dysprosium has never been found as a free element but rather is found in
many minerals including xenotime, fergusonite, gadolinite, euxenite, polycrase,
biomstrandine, monazite, and bastnasite; often with erbium and holmium or
other rare earth elements.

Er - Erbium, a rare earth metal, is found in igneous rock at 2.8 ppm; shale at
1.9 ppm; sandstone at 1 ppm; limestone at 0.36 ppm; land plants up to 46 ppm
in Carya spp.; marine animals at 0.02 to 0.04 ppm and land animals primarily in
bone.

Erbium (for Ytterby, a village in Sweden) was discovered by Carl Gustaf
Mosander in 1843. Mosander separated “yttria” from the mineral gadolinite into
three fractions which he called yttria, erbia, and terbia. Erbium oxide has a
distinctive pink color.

===== Screenshot (620) -- Page 704 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

A large variety of medical applications (dermatology and dentistry) utilize
erbium.

In Carl Sagan's novel “Contact", a machine is constructed from a
blueprint received through an extraterrestrial radio transmission. Important (and
unexplained) components of the machine are dowels made of erbium.

Eu - Europium is a “light” rare earth metal found in igneous rock at 1 to 2 ppm;
shale at 1.1 ppm; sandstone at 0.55 ppm; limestone at 0.2 ppm; land plants at
0.021 ppm (accumulates up to 16 ppm in Carya spp.); marine animals at 0.01 to
0.06 ppm; land animals at 0.00012 ppm in soft tissue and 0.2 ppm in bone.

In the late 1880s William Crookes observed the phosphorescent spectra of the
rare earth elements; however, the discovery of europium is generally credited to
the French chemist Eugene-Anatole Demarcay, who isolated europium in 1901.

Europium has extended the life of laboratory species (e.g., Tetrahymena
pyriformis) over their normal expected lifespan by 100%. Europium is found in
higher concentrations in breast milk from women in third world countries than in
American women.

F -Flourine is found in igneous rocks at 625 ppm; in shale at 740 ppm; sandstone
sat 270 ppm; limestone at 330 ppm; fresh water at 0.09 ppm; sea water at 1.3
ppm; soils at 200 ppm (fluoride can be “fixed” or tightly bonded in several types
of clay). Certain F rich soils in Madras, Spain and South America are toxic to
grazing livestock.

Flourine is found in marine plants at 4.5 ppm; land plants at 0.5 to 40.0
ppm (accumulated by Dichapetolum cymosum); marine animals at 2.0 ppm
(accumulates in fish bone); land animals at 150 to 500 ppm in mammalian soft
tissues and 1,500 ppm in bone and teeth.

Prior to 1972, flouride was considered essential in animals because of its

apparent benefit for tooth enamel in warding off dental caries (“cavities”). In
1972 Schwarz proved that fluoride was in fact an essential mineral.

The skeletal reserves of fluoride in an adult man reach 2.6 grams; the average
daily intake by Americans is 4.4 mg from combined sources of food, tooth paste,
supplements and water.

Fluoridation of drinking water is still highly controversial. Some studies show
that fluoridated water helps reduce fractures from osteoporosis while other
studies showed an increase in hip fractures.

Clinical toxicity is observed as dental fluorosis at fluoride concentrations of 2
to 7 ppm and osteosclerosis at 8 to 20 ppm; chronic system toxicity appears when
the fluoride levels reach 20 to 80 mg per day over a period of years.

Approximately 10,000 American towns and cities serving 100 million people
have added fluoride to their drinking water at the rate of 1 mg/l, which has
reportedly reduced dental caries by 60 to 70 percent. In certain western states in
the United States, there is an excess of fluoride, reaching levels of 10 to 45 ppm
with a resultant “mottling” of teeth in children.

As a result of epidemiological studies by Yiamouyiannis and Burk in 1977,
full scale congressional hearings were held to examine the charge that 10,000
excess cancer deaths were caused by fluoridation of certain public water systems.
Following the committee hearings, the U.S. Public Health Service was given
a mandate to conduct animal studies to confirm or refute the theory that
fluoridated water increased cancer deaths. The studies were carried out by the
National Toxicology Program under the supervision of the U.S. National Public
Health Service with a special focus on oral, liver, and bone cancers.

In 1990 the results of the fluoride study showed an increase in rat
precancerous lesions in the oral mucus membrane cells; there was an increase
in cancers of the oral mucus membranes (squamous cell carcinoma); a rare
form of osteosarcoma appeared at double the rate in males as females; and

===== Screenshot (621) -- Page 706 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

there was a significant increase in thyroid follicular cell tumors and liver cancer
(hepatocholangiocarcinoma).

Fe - Iron is found in igneous rocks at 56,000 ppm; shale at 47,200 pp; sandstone
at 9,800 ppm and limestone at 3,800 ppm; fresh water at 0.67 ppm; sea water
at 0.01 ppm; soils at 38,000 ppm (iron content is responsible for most soil color);
iron is most available in acid soil and availability is greatly influenced by bacterial
activity in the soil; marine plants at 700 ppm (very high in plankton); land plants
at 140 ppm; marine animals at 400 ppm (high in the blood of annelids ‘worms;
echinoderms, fish, and in eggs of cephalad molluscs); iron is essential to all land
animals.

Iron is the most common element (by mass) forming the planet Earth as a
whole, forming much of Earth’s outer crust and inner core.

Iron metal has been used since ancient times, though copper alloys, which
have lower melting temperatures were used first. Pure iron is soft (softer than
aluminum), but is unobtainable by smelting. Iron is hardened and strengthened
by impurities from the smelting process, including carbon. A certain level of
carbon (between 0.002% and 2.1%) mixed with iron produces steel, which is
1,000 times harder than iron.

Iron objects of ancient times are rare compared with those made from gold or
silver due to the rapid oxidation of iron. Beads made from meteoric iron dated
back to 3500 B.C. were found in Gezah, Egypt. The beads were 7.5 percent nickel
which is a signature of meteoric iron.

Boussingault in the 1860's was the first to regard iron as an essential nutrient
for animals. During the 1920s an animal model for iron deficiency research was
created by feeding rats on an exclusive milk diet.

Iron is a necessary element found in nearly all living organisms. Iron containing
enzymes and proteins, often containing heme prosthetic groups, participate in

many biological oxidations and in transport. Examples of iron containing proteins
found in higher organisms include hemoglobin, cytochrome, and catalase.

In a healthy adult human there is an average of 3 to 5 gms of total iron.
The newborn infant has nearly double the amount of iron per kg than adults.
Sixty to 70 percent of tissue iron is classed as essential or functional iron, and
30 to 40 percent as storage iron. The essential iron is found as an integral part
of hemoglobin, myoglobin (muscle oxygen storing pigments, and is particularly
rich in deep-diving animals such as whales, walrus, seals, etc.), and respiratory
enzymes involved with intracellular oxidation-reduction processes.

Functions of iron include cofactor and activator of enzymes and metallo
enzymes; respiratory enzymes (hemoglobin: iron is to hemoglobin what Mg is to
chlorophyll) and electron transfer for utilization oxygen.

Iron is stored in bone marrow and liver (as hemosiderin and ferritin). Heme
iron from meat is 10 percent available for absorption while iron from fresh plant
sources are only one percent available because of phytates which combine tightly
with iron. Absorption of iron takes place primarily in the duodenum where the
intestinal environment is still acid.

Experimental evidence shows very clearly that “pica” is a specific sign of
iron deficiency. Pica (obsessive cravings) can drive children and adults to eat ice
{pagophagia), dirt (geophagia), lead paint chips, and high calorie snack foods
(that can result in weight gain and obesity).

Iron deficiency can result from an unsupplemented pregnancy, menstruation,
chronic infections, hypochlorhydria (low stomach acid from salt-restricted diets
or use of proton pump inhibitors), chronic diarrhea, chronic bleeding (from illness
from cancer, uncers, parasites, etc.) and impaired absorption (caused by high-fat
diets, high phytate diets, gluten intolerance, etc).

Symptoms of iron deficiency include listlessness, fatigue, heart palpitations
on exertion, rapid pulse (tachycardia), reduced cognition, memory deficits, sore

===== Screenshot (622) -- Page 708 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

tongue, angular stomatitis, dysphagia (pica), hypochromic microcytic anemia,
weight gain, obesity, etc.

‘Stomach hydrochloric acid is required for optimal absorption of iron, ascorbic
acid increases absorption of iron. Clays and phytates decrease the efficiency of
iron absorption. The RDA of 18 mg per day as metallic iron is very low if one is a
vegan eating a high fiber, high phytate plant material diet.

Excess storage of iron can be caused by deficiencies of selenium, copper, zinc,
etc,, and is falsely blamed for liver cirrhosis, fibrosis of the pancreas, hypertrophic
cardiomyopathy and diabetes. These diseases are not the direct result of iron
excess.

Fr — Francium is found only as radio-active isotopes; the longest lived has
a halflife of 22 minutes. Francium was formerly known as eka-caesium and
actinium K. Francium is a highly radioactive metal that decays into astatine,
radium, and radon.

Francium was discovered by Marguerite Perey in France in 1939. It was the last
element found in nature rather than by synthesis.

Ga - Gallium is found in igneous rocks at 15 ppm; shale at 19 ppm; sandstone
at 12 ppm; limestone at 4 ppm; fresh water at 0.001 ppm; sea water at 0.00003
ppm; soils at 0.4 to 6.0 ppm to 30.0 ppm; marine plants at 0.5 ppm; land plants
at 0.06 ppm; marine animals at 0.5 ppm; and land animals at 0.006 ppm.
Gallium (Ill) is found in nature as trace amounts in bauxite and zinc ores.
Elemental gallium is a brittle solid at cold temperatures but will melt and become
a liquid when held in the hand. Because gallium and ferric salts behave similarly
in biological systems, gallium ions often mimic iron ions in medical applications.
In 1871 the existence of gallium was predicted by the Russian chemist Dmitri
Mendeleev, who named it “eka-aluminum" on the basis of its position on the

periodic table.

Gallium was claimed to be essential in 1938 and again in 1958. Gallium
has specific areas of metalloenzyme activity in the human brain and has been
reported to specifically reduce the rate of brain cancer in laboratory animals.

British research shows that supplemented diets of pregnant women will
reduce the rate of brain cancer in children. Gallium maltolate, an orally
absorbable form of gallium (Ill) ion, is used in medical treatments for brain cancer,
inflammation, and certain infectious diseases.

Gd - Gadolium, a rare earth mineral, is found in igneous rocks at 5.4 ppm; shale
at 4.3 ppm; sandstone at 2.6 ppm; limestone at 0.7 ppm; land plants at up to
70 ppm by Carya spp.; marine animals at 0.06 ppm; land animals accumulate
gadolium in bone and liver very quickly after absorption.

Ge - Germanium is found in igneous rocks at 5.4 ppm; shale at 1.6 ppm;
sandstone at 0.8 ppm; limestone at 0.2 ppm; sea water at 0.00007 ppm; soil at
1.0 ppm in humus, especially in alkaline soils; marine animals at 0.3 ppm.

The existence of the element germanium had been predicted by Mendeleev in
his periodic table, however, it was not until 1886 that a German chemist, Clemens
Winkler, isolated this element and named it Germanium,

Radio do-it-yourself kits from the 40s and 50s utilized the germanium diode
crystal to attract the radio signal to your radio. The germanium atom is
structured so it accepts and transmits electrons, thus acting as a semiconductor.
It is therefore not too surprising that germanium is closely related to silica and
carbon.

Biologically, germanium is a highly efficient electrical impulse initiator
intracellularly and acts as a metallic cofactor for oxygen utilization.

===== Screenshot (623) -- Page 710 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

In 1950 Dr. Kazuhiko Asai, a Japanese chemist, found traces of germanium in
fossilized plant life. Russian researchers quickly attributed anti-cancer activity to.
germanium. Dr. Asai was able to connect the healing properties of certain herbs
to relatively high levels of germanium. Many of these herbs are accumulator
plants for germanium. Germanium is known to enhance the immune system by
stimulating the production of natural killer cells, lymphokines such as IFN(Y),
interferon, macrophages and T-suppressor cells.

Asai synthesized GE-132, carboxyethyl germanium sesquioxide in 1967 by a
hydrolysis method. This organic germanium structure forms a cubic structure
with three negative oxygen ions at the base of a cubic triangle.

As an organic or chelated form of germanium GE-132 is absorbed at the rate
of 30 percent efficiency and the total intake is excreted in one week.

Food plants and animals contain small amounts of germanium (e.g., beans at
4.67 ppm; tuna at 2.3 ppm). Healing herbs such as garlic, aloe, comfrey, chlorella,
ginseng, watercress, Shiitake mushroom, pearl barley, sanzukon, sushi, waternut,
boxthorn seed, and wisteria knob contain germanium in amounts ranging from
100 to 2,000 ppm.

The “holy waters" at Lourdes, known worldwide for their healing properties,
contains large amounts of germanium and lithium.

Deficiencies of germanium are typified by a severely reduced immune status,
arthritis, osteoarthritis, low energy, and cancer.

Twenty to 30 mg per day is the recommended maintenance dose for
germaniui


; 50 to 100 mg per day is commonly used when an individual has a
serious illness that requires an increased oxygen level in the body.

H ~ Hydrogen is found in igneous rocks at 1,000 ppm; shale at 5,600 ppm;
sandstone at 1,800 ppm; limestone at 860 ppm; fresh water at 111,000 ppm;
sea water at 108,000 ppm; soil at 600 to 24,000 ppm (in very acid soils it

can become the major exchangeable cation); marine plants at 41,000 ppm; land
plants at 55,000 ppm; marine animals at 52,000 ppm; land animals at 70,000
ppm; additionally hydrogen makes up a small portion of the gaseous atmosphere.

Hydrogen functions as a major constituent of water (70% of the human body
is water) and all organic molecules. The regulation of the acid-base balance in the
human body is in fact the regulation of the hydrogen ion (H+) levels of cellular
and extracellular fluids.

The acidity of the body is critically regulated within a very narrow range
by numerous and complex homeostatic mechanisms. The pH of healthy blood
ranges from7.36 to 7.44; when the pH falls below 7.30, the patient has acidosis,
and when the pH rises above 7.44, the person has alkalosis.

Blood pH levels below 6.8 and above 7.8 are rapidly fatal. Intracellular pH
ranges between 6.0 and 7.4; rapid metabolism (hyperthyroid) or decreased blood
flow (heart attack) increases the carbon dioxide levels and therefore decreases pH
or acidifies the blood.

In contrast to the internal body, the pH of secretions (saliva, gastric acid) and
excretions (urine) can be more variable and range from 1.0 in the stomach to 8.2
in pancreatic juice and alkaline saliva and urine in vegans.

Hydrogen ions circulate in the body in two forms, volatile and non-volatile
(metabolic hydrogen ions). Volatile hydrogen ions are found as a weak (carbonic
acid), which must continuously be excreted from the lungs as carbon dioxide and
water.

Non-volatile (metabolic) hydrogen ions are produced by the normal metabolic
processes of the body or are consumed as part of food. The largest amounts of
hydrogen ions are produced by normal and abnormal metabolism. Large amounts
of hydrogen ions may be generated and/or retained as part of a disease activity
(ie., emphysema, diabetes, anxiety or loss of chloride ions NaCl deficiency, cystic
fibrosis, Addison's disease, etc.)

===== Screenshot (624) -- Page 712 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) is controlled by the human body by means of
dilution, buffering, respiratory control of the volatile hydrogen ion concentrations
and kidney control of the non-volatile hydrogen ions. Buffer systems react to
hydrogen ion concentrations in fractions of seconds, respiratory controls react
in minutes, and the kidneys may require as much as an hour to several days to
respond.

Metabolic hydrogen ions must be excreted by the kidney in one of three forms:

1. 60% as ammonium ions
2. 40% as weak acids
3. Trace amounts as free hydrogen ions

It is the amount of free hydrogen ions in the urine that determines the urine’s
pH. Bladder infections (cystitis) can often times be controlled by acidifying the
urine with unsweetened cranberry juice.

He — Helium is found in igneous rocks at 0.008 ppm and sea water at 0.0000069
ppm.

Hf - Hafnium is found in igneous rocks at 3 ppm; shale at 2.8 ppm; sandstone
at 3.4 ppm; limestone at 0.5 ppm; sea water vat 0.000008 ppm; soil at 3.0 ppm;
marine plants at 0.4 ppm; land plants at 0.01 ppm; land animals at 0.04 ppm.

Hg - Mercury is found in igneous rocks at 0.08 ppm; shale at 0.4 ppm; sandstone
at 0.03 ppm; limestone at 0.3 ppm; fresh water at 0.000008 ppm; sea water at
0.00003 ppm; soil at 0.03 to 0.8 ppm (lowest in the surface layers of the soil
because of leaching and also it volatilizes); marine plants at 0.03 ppm; land plants


at 0.015 ppm (Arenria setacea is an accumulator plant); land animals at 0.046
ppm (accumulates in the brain, kidney, liver and bone); marine animals at 0.0009

to 0.09 ppm.

Mercury occurs universally in the bios and has long been known as a
potentially toxic element (although early Chinese alchemists insisted that the
regular consumption of mercury or “potable gold” was the path to immortality)
that could be concentrated by industry, mining operations, agriculture, dental
repairs (amalgams), and microorganisms that “methylate” mercury in the
sediments at the bottom of fresh-water or salt-water rivers, lakes, oceans, and
seas.

Mercury has been detected in all tissues of fatal accident victims, with no
known mercury exposure except for dental mercury amalgam fillings.

Mercury in fish is present as methyl mercury. People who rarely eat fish have
very low levels of mercury (2-5 ug/kg); moderate fish consumers have 10 ug/kg;
high fish consumers (especially if they eat the large predator fish such as shark,
tuna, or swordfish) will typically have higher levels of up to 400 ug/kg.

Mercury mine workers can accumulate mercury which can reach levels that
produce disease.

Mercury Mine Workers (Cinnabar Miners) Tissue Hg Levels (ppm)


Thyroid Pituitary Kidney Liver Brain
Miners 35.2 a 84 0.26 0.70
Controls 0.03 0.04 0.14 0.3 0.0042


The biological half time of methyl mercury in humans is 70 days and four
days for inorganic mercury. The placenta acts as a barrier against the passage of
inorganic mercury but not methyl mercury; methyl mercury transfers very easily
to the fetus ("congeni


I” Minamata disease in infants).

‘The main industrial source of mercury is the chloralkali industry; paint, dental


amalgams, pharmaceuticals, slimicides and algicides (paper and pulp industry),

===== Screenshot (625) -- Page 714 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

seed treatments as agricultural fungicides, especially dangerous as methyl
mercury; burning of fossil fuels.

The metabolic antagonism between mercury and selenium produces a
protection from selenium poisoning by mercury and the protection against
mercury poisoning by selenium. A mutual antagonism between Hg and Se exists;
Se protects the human kidney from necrosis (tissue death) by mercury poisoning
and the placental transfer of mercury.

Mercury vapor from dental amalgam has been shown to increase the percent
of antibiotic-resistant bacteria in the gut from 9 percent to 70 percent in monkeys
given dental mercury fillings; the drug-resistant bacterial population dropped to
12 percent when the fillings were removed.

Mercury poisoning from inhalation of mercury vapors was reported during the
Victorian Age in “haters” who used mercuric nitrate paste to prevent mold from.
growing on felt hats (remember “mad as a hatter” from Alice in Wonderland),
goldsmiths and mirror workers; in modern times dentists have developed mental
disease from chronic exposure to mercury vapors (they have the highest rate
of suicide amongst all the health professionals); dental patients have developed

several disease syndromes including multiple sclerosis, ALS (Lou Gehrig's Disease)


and Parkinson's Disease depending on what part of the brain was most severely
affected.

Annette Funicello of the Micky Mouse Club, was diagnosed with multiple
sclerosis in 1994 (she died in April of 2013), which is “known” and theorized by
many to be caused by vapors from dental mercury amalgams.

The manifestations of direct Hg poisoning are primarily neurological
(ie, tremors, vertigo, irritability, moodiness [suicidal], depression, salivation,
inflammation of the mouth [stomatitis] and diarrhea).


In poisoning with inorganic mercury, the liver and kidneys are the target
organs primarily affected; poisoning with the more toxic alkyl mercury results in

progressive loss of coordination, loss of vision, heart palpitations, loss of hearing
and mental deterioration caused by a toxic neuroencephalopathy in which the
neuronal cells of the cerebral and cerebellar cortex are selectively affected.

In 1962 in Minamata, Japan, mercury-contaminated factory effluent (waste
water) was dumped into Minamata Bay, which in turn contaminated aquatic plant
life that was eaten by fish; the contaminated fish were eaten by the bay residents
with disastrous results.

The Minamata Bay disaster was characterized by a high incidence of congenital
damage to the newborn from mental retardation, cerebral palsy, and high infant
mortality.

In Iran, a large-scale methyl mercury poisoning was reported when large
numbers of people were fed bread made with mercury fungicide-treated seed
grain and meat (liver and kidneys) from animals fed the treated grain.

The result of consuming the mercury-contaminated grains was thousands of
babies born retarded and a high incidence of congenital brain defects including
cerebral palsy.

Ho - Holmium, a Rare Earth, is found in igneous rocks at 1.2 ppm; in shale at
0.6 ppm; sandstone at 0.51 ppm; limestone at 0.17 ppm; land plants at 16 ppm
in Carya spp.; marine animals at 0.005 ppm to 0.01 ppm; and land animals at 0.5
ppm in bone.


lodine is found in igneous rocks at 0.5 ppm; in shale at 2.3 ppm; sandstone
at 1.7 ppm; limestone at 1.2 ppm; fresh water at 0.002 ppm; sea water at 0.06
ppm; soil at 5 ppm (strongly bound in humus; large areas of Earth are known to
be devoid of |); marine plants at 30 to 500 ppm; land plants at 0.42 ppm; marine
animals at 1.0 to 150 ppm; land animals at 0.43 ppm (concentrated in the thyroid
gland and hair).

===== Screenshot (626) -- Page 716 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

lodine is known to be essential to red and brown algae and all vertebrates.
lodine in combination with the amino acid tyrosine is manufactured into the
thyroid hormone thyroxin. lodine intake in the human diet is usually low to begin
with, but since Americans have begun restricting their salt intake at their doctors
instruction, the rate of “allopath” caused goiter and hypothyroidism has become
epidemic.

The average American takes in 170 - 250 mcg/day of |; humans lose
considerable amounts of | in their sweat (i.e,, as high as 146 meg/day in sweat
with only moderate exercise). Metallic | is not toxic up to 2,000 meg/day.

Goiter develops in Japanese living along the sea coast despite high daily iodine
consumption. Japanese subjects were fed Chinese cabbage, turnips, buckwheat,
noodles, 2.0 mcg, 2.0 mcg |, soybean or seaweed. Goiter developed in all groups
except the seaweed group.

Northern parts of the Adriatic Islands had more clinical goiter than the
southern areas, while the southwest was goiter-free (46% of the population of
Pisils;


(0% of the population of Polje and only 3% of the population of Milahnici);
there is identical | content of the soil in all three locations; however, there is


a severe copper deficiency in the soil of the north and the south (copper is a
required cofactor for vertebrates to be able to utilize iodine).

Some 11 million Americans have either a hypothyroid (low, underactive) or
a hyperthyroid (overactive) condition. Thyroid hormones control and regulate
digestion, heart rate, body temperature, sweat gland activity, nervous and
reproductive system, general metabolism, and body weight.

Many foods and food additives are known to be “goitrogens” because they
interfere with the normal thyroid metabolism and function including:

Dietary nitrates (e.g,, deli slices, sandwich meats, etc.)
Water borne nitrates

Cruciferous vegetables (e.g., cabbage, broccoli, cauliflower, Brussel sprouts,
kale, etc.)

Gluten intolerance

Pituitary problems

General nutritional deficiencies


‘Symptoms of Hypothyroidism (Hashimoto's Disease)

Fatigue
Cold intolerance

Muscle aches & pains

Heavy or more frequent menstrual periods
Low sex drive

Brittle nails

Weight gain

Hair loss

Muscle cramps

Depression

Constipation

Elevated blood cholesterol

Puffy face

Dry skin and hair

Inability to concentrate

Poor memory

Goiter

Infertility

Congenital birth defects (Cretinism)

===== Screenshot (627) -- Page 718 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Symptoms of Hyperthyroidism (Grave's Disease)

Insomnia
Heat intolerance

Excessive sweating
Lighter/less frequent periods
Hand tremors

Rapid pulse

Exophthalmos ("bug eyes")
Weight loss

Increased appetite

Muscle weakness

Frequent bowel movements
Irritability

Nervousness

Goiter


In - indium is found in igneous rocks at 0.05 to 1.0 ppm; shale at 0.1 ppm;
sandstone and limestone at 0.05 ppm; land animals at 0.016 ppm.

Ir - Iridium is found in igneous rocks at 0.001 ppm; land plants at 0.62 ppm; land
animals at 0.00002 ppm.

K - Potassium is found in igneous rocks at 20,000 ppm; shale at 26,000 ppm;
sandstone at 10,700 ppm; limestone at 2,700 ppm; fresh water at 2.3 ppm; sea
water at 380 ppm; soil at 14,000 ppm (a major exchangeable cation in all soils,
however, the highest levels are found in alkaline soils); marine plants at 52,000
ppm; land plants at 14,000 ppm; marine animals at 5,000 to 30,000 ppm; land

animals at 7,400 ppm (highest levels found in soft tissues).

Potassium is essential to all organisms and is the major cation in cellular
cytoplasm, with a wide variety of electrochemical and catalytic functions for
enzyme systems. Potassium constitutes five percent of the total mineral content
of the human body; it is the major cation of the intracellular fluid and there is


a small amount in the extracellular fluid. With sodium, the other “electrolyte,”
K participates in the maintenance of normal water balance, osmotic equilibrium
and acid-base balance. Potassium participates with Ca in the regulation of
neuromuscular activity.

Potassium is easily absorbed, 90% of ingested K is excreted through the urine;
there is essentially no storage of K in the human body, thus requiring a significant
daily intake of 5,000 mg.

Muscular weakness and mental apathy are features of chronic K deficiency;
hypokalemic cardiac failure is the most serious K deficiency event. Diuretics,
both natural and prescribed, sweating from colds, flu and/or exercise, vomiting,
and diarrhea increase the rate of loss of all minerals including K compared with
normal expected daily excretion rate.

Kr - Krypton is found in igneous rocks at 0.0001 ppm; sea water at 0.0025 ppm.
Krypton is legendary for having debilitating effects on “Superman” but in reality
is totally harmless for humans, and in fact is thought to be an essential element.

La - Lanthanum is a “light” rare earth metal and is found in igneous rocks at
30 ppm; shale at 20 ppm; sandstone at 7.5 ppm; limestone at 6.2 ppm; sea
water at 0.000012 ppm; soil at 30 ppm; marine plants at 10 ppm; land plants at
0.085 ppm (accumulated by Carya spp. and by the yeast Candida albicans up to
370 ppm/day. This may be how Candida infestations cause a debilitating energy
sapping “chronic fatigue-like” disease by “stealing” La from the patient); marine

===== Screenshot (628) -- Page 720 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

mammals at 0.1 ppm; land animals at 0.0001 ppm in soft tissue and 0.27 ppm in
bone.

The growth of the protozoa Blepherisma and Tetrahymena pyriformis is
stimulated and life span doubled by the presence of La at concentrations of 0.32
ppm.

Li - Lithium is found in igneous rocks at 20 ppm; shale at 66 ppm; sandstone at
15 ppm; limestone at 5 ppm; fresh water at 0.0011 ppm; sea water at 0.18 ppm;
soil at 30 ppm (Li+ is freely mobile in the soil); marine plants at 5 ppm; land plants
at 0.1 ppm; marine animals at 1 ppm; land animals at 0.02 ppm.

“Some of us it seems are born to be bad.” Scientists say they are on the verge


of pinning down genetic and biochemical abnormalities that predispose their
bearers to violence. An article in the journal Science in the summer of 1993 carried
the headline: EVIDENCE FOUND FOR A POSSIBLE AGGRESSION GENE.

Waiting in the wings are child-testing programs, drug manufacturers,
insurance companies, civil rights advocates, defense attorneys, and anxious
citizens for whom the violent criminal has replaced the beady-eyed communist as
the bogeyman. Crime thus joins homosexuality, smoking, divorce, schizophrer


alcoholism, shyness, political liberalism, intelligence, religiosity, cancer, and blue
eyes among the many aspects of human life for which it is claimed that biology
(genetics) is destiny. Physicists have been pilloried for years for this kind of
reductionism, but in biology it makes everybody happy; the scientists and the
pharmaceutical companies expand their domain; politicians have “progress” to
point to; the smokers, divorcees and serial killers get to blame their problem on
biology (genetics), and “we get the satisfaction of knowing they are sick and—not
like us at all.”

A great study was done by Dr. Gerhard Schrauzer, professor and head of the
department of chemistry at the University of California, San Diego relating the

violent crime and hard drug use rate of Texas counties to the lithium levels in the
counties drinking water:

Using data for 27 counties from 1978 to 1987, it is shown that the
incidence rates of suicide, homicide, and rape are significantly higher
in counties whose drinking water supplies contain little or no lithium
than in counties with water lithium levels ranging from 70 - 170 ug/
L the differences remain statistically significant (p<0.01) after corrections
for population density. The corresponding associations with the incidence
rates of robbery, burglary, and theft were statistically significant with
p<0.05. These results suggest that lithium has moderating effects on
suicidal and violent criminal behavior at levels that may be encountered
in municipal water supplies. Comparisons of drinking water lithium
levels in the respective Texas counties, with the incidence of arrests for
possession of opium, cocaine and their derivatives (morphine, heroin, and
codeine) from 1981 to 1986 also produced statistically significant inverse
associations...

Since 1915, the risk of clinical depression nearly doubles with each succeeding
generation. Myrna M. Weissman, a psychiatrist at Columbia University, New York
City, says that, "Depression is a worldwide phenomenon happening at younger
and younger ages.”

In 1935, the age of early onset of depression was during the late 20s; in
1955 onset of depression dropped to between 15 and 20. One in four women
and one in ten men will develop depression. While the professional psychiatrist
verbally says that depression and manic depression are due to “feelings that
we are out of control of our lives, negative thinking, self-recrimination (“I'm a
loser") are the root cause of depression,” they treat depression successfully with
the trace mineral Li. Depression and manic depression with all that the diagnosis

===== Screenshot (629) -- Page 722 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS


implies are simply a lithium deficiency aggravated by a high sugar or alcohol Name Daw Gatlin Ltn
tla itis
consumption. = 2

Prozac, America’s “leading” antidepressant pharmaceutical was introduced in <oeent aa fa ligtgcamk”

30
‘iiionth Moots tarde 16s Mancheder URS
1987, sales soared to $350 million in 1989, more than what was spent totally —— pe Seon
on all antidepressants just two years earlier. Projections estimate Prozac sales to ery brads = ow
DatcherofRingbury Run 1935-1939 Yer ona 2
Vampire of sacramento
650,000 prescriptions of the drug per month! as
‘Norman jolts
‘ola Contanea
infertility, reduced growth rate, shortened life expectancy and serious behavioral Perel
KarlDenke
esto Stanger
“Dr. Jekyll/Mr. Hyde” and “Bad Seed” behavior, hyperactivity, ADD, ADHD and ian
‘Aber Fh
fot W Gacy
Edvard Gen
tesla Bacher
Human Behavioral Acts Resulting From Lithium Deficiency: ec aoe
Ince
Mass murder (Austin, TX, Waco TX, Oklahoma, Columbine, Fort Hood, Virginia fan Kr
i Vampire of Dusit
Tech, Batman theater, Sandy Hook, Boston Marathon, Washington Navy Henri Landra
Monster othe Andes
Yard) Henry Lee
tae syd
Serial killers (Jack the Ripper, Boston Strangler, Jeffrey Dahmer, Green ‘Gennady Maserich
River Murderer, Michigan Old Man Stabber, etc.) ‘ined oder
East Mom
Cannibalism Herman get. MD.
Dena Nien
Domestic violence Marcel Pett MLD,
fl Jee omeoy
Violent crime (arson, murder, rape, assault, armed robbery, etc.) Tecan tania
oc an
Suicide (Civilian, military, teenagers, etc.) ‘erthie Ripper
(Green River ir
Suicide bombers Henry wale
Dany Kling
in
WWaneta Hoyt
Saton Strangler
Larry Ele
707-35 Kile
(OM Man Saber


exceed $1 billion in sales by 1995 as a result of allopathic doctors generating


Animal studies show that a deficiency of Li results in reproductive failure,

*

problems. In humans, manic depression, clinical depression, “bi-polar” disease


autism are hallmarks of Li deficiency. Minos

ageuepen es


il
weagarss eggs

eape eee TEE

i

Notorious Serial Killers (Vampires, Werewolves, and Cannibals)


egreeee
i

===== Screenshot (630) -- Page 725 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

“At the peak of Elias Abuelazam's (Old Man Stabber) killing spree (20 stabbed and Skilled), Wallach was
approached late at night at an intersection in Grand Rapids, Michigan by a man who pulled up in a Chevy
Blazer (the killer's vehicle) and stated, “Hey old man, hop in and Il end your pain,” where upon Wallach
responded, “Hop out and I'll end your pain!" The driver (presumably Elias Abuelazam) sped off

The anthropological debate over cannibalism, mass murder, and serial
killers has raged over three theories of origin: (1) The satisfaction of certain
psychosexual needs; (2) Utilitarian adaption—humans adapt to extreme famine
by eating other humans; (3) a cultural logic of the cycle of life, death, and
reproduction (usually endocannibalism or “mortuary” cannibalism).

Statistically cannibalism can be tied to hunger, but hunger for calories and
protein alone cannot be tied to cannibalism, so we will add a fourth category
of cannibalis


: (4) the ultimate extension of pica (bizarre cravings and behavior


resulting from extreme mineral deficiencies, such as Fe, P, Li, Ca, etc).

The 1973 movie Soylent Green, starring Charlton Heston as a police
investigator, portrayed a “benevolent” government in the year 2022, that had to
deal with mindboggling overpopulation. There were 40 million people in New
York City alone and a depleted food supply.

Chelated Li supplemented at 1,000 to 2,000 ug/dl caused a dose-dependent
increase in hair Li levels; hair Li levels increased after four weeks of
supplementation and leveled off and became stable after three months; when
the Li supplementation was stopped, hair levels dropped to pre-supplement
values in two months. This scenario does not appear with the use of lithium
carbonate (metallic).

A comparison of 2,648 subjects showed that 65% had hair Li values ranging
between 0.04 to 0.14 ug/G; 16% contained more than 0.14 ug/G and 18.4% had
less than 0.04 ug/G. The highest levels of Li were found in university students
from Tijuana, Mexico and the lowest levels were found in Munich, Germany.

According to Wallach and Ma in the book Rare Earths: Forbidden Cures, normal

controls showed almost 400 times more hair Li than do the violent criminals from
California, Florida, Texas, and Oregon.

The estimated daily intake of Li by the EPA ranges from 650 to 3,100 ug/
d; however, much of this Li is metallic and not biologically available. Lithium
supplementation increases the hair concentrations of V, Al, Pb, AS, and Co.
Short term supplementation of Li elevates serum B,, levels; with long term
supplementation of Li serum B,, drops.

Lu - Lutecium, a rare earth element, is found in igneous rocks at 0.5 ppm; shale
at 0.33 ppm; sandstone at 0.096 ppm; limestone sat 0.067 ppm; land plants at up
to 4.5 ppm by Carya spp.; marine animals sat 0.003 ppm; land animals at 0.00012
ppm in soft tissue and 0.08 ppm in bone.

Mg - Magnesium is found in igneous rocks at 23,300 ppm; in shale at 15,000
ppm; sandstone 10.700; limestone at 2,700 ppm; fresh water at 4.1 ppm; sea
water at 1,350 ppm; soil at 5,000 ppm (highest in soil derived from basalt,
serpentine or dolomite) - Mg is the second most common exchangeable cation in
‘most soils; marine plants at 5,200 ppm; land plants at 3,200 ppm; marine animals
at 5,000 ppm; land animals at 1,000 ppm (accumulates in mammalian bone).

Magnesium is essential to all living organisms and has electrochemical,
catalytic and structural functions, activates numerous enzymes, and is a
constituent of all chlorophylls.

The adult human contains 20 to 28 grams of total body magnesium.
Approximately 60% is found in bone, 26% is associated with skeletal muscle and
the balance is distributed between various organs and body fluids. Serum levels
of Mg range from 1.5 to 2.1 mEq/L; it is second to K as an intracellular cation —
half of the Mg, including most that is bound in the bone is not exchangeable.

===== Screenshot (631) -- Page 727 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Magnesium is required for the production and transfer of energy for
protein synthesis, for contractility of muscle and excitability of nerves, and as
a cofactor in myriads of enzyme systems. AN EXCESS OF MG WILL INHIBIT
BONE CALCIFICATION. Calcium and magnesium have antagonistic roles in normal
muscle contraction—calcium acting as the stimulator and Mg as the relaxer. An
excessive amount of Ca can induce signs of Mg deficiency.

The rate of absorption of Mg ranges from 24 to 85%. The lesser absorption
rate is for metallic sources of Mg, the higher levels are associated with plant
derived colloidal sources. Vitamin D has no effect on Mg absorption; the presence
of fat, phytates and calcium reduces the efficiency of Mg absorption. High
performance athletes lose a considerable amount of Mg in sweat.

The RDA for Mg is 350 mg/day for adult males, 300 mg/day for adult females
and 450 mg/day for pregnant and lactating females. If kidneys are healthy there
is no evidence of toxicity at up to 6,000 mg/day.

Deficiencies of Mg produces a wide variety of deficiency diseases and
symptoms.

Magnesium-Deficiency Diseases:

Asthma

Anorexia

Menstrual migraines
Growth failure

ECG changes
Neuromuscular problems
Tetany (convulsions)
Depression

Muscular weakness
Muscle “Ties”

Tremors

Vertigo

Calcification of small arteries
“Malignant” calcification of soft tissue

Mn - Manganese is found in igneous rocks at 950 ppm; shale at 850 ppm;
sandstone at 50 ppm; limestone at 1,100 ppm; fresh water at 0.012 ppm; sea
water at 0.002 ppm; soil at 850 ppm (can be a major exchangeable cation in very
acid soil); marine plants at 1 to 60 ppm (lowest in fish); land animals at 0.2 ppm
(highest in concentrations in mammalian liver and kidney); the total body content
of Mn in humans is only 10 to 20 mg.

Manganese is essential to all-known living organisms; it activates numerous
enzyme systems including those involved with glucose metabolism, energy
production and superoxide dismutase; it is a major constituent of several
metalloenzymes, hormones, and proteins of humans. Manganese is part of the
developmental process of and the structure of the fragile ear bones and joint
cartilage.

Excessive levels of Mn found in certain community water supplies and in
some industrial processes can produce a Parkinsonian syndrome or a psychiatric
disorder (“locura manganica") resembling schizophrenia.

Deficiency diseases of Mn are very striking, ranging from severe congenital
birth defects (such as congenital ataxia, deafness, chondrodystrophy, etc),
asthma, convulsions, retarded growth, skeletal defects, disruption of fat and
carbohydrate metabolism to joint problems in children and adults (tendon
and ligament degeneration, TMJ, repetitive motion syndrome, carpal tunnel
syndrome, etc.)

Diseases of Manganese Deficiency:

===== Screenshot (632) -- Page 729 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Congenital ataxia
Congenital Deafness (malformation, hypoplasia, or aplasia of otolithes)
Asthma

Chondromalacia

Chondrodystrophy

“Slipped Tendon”

Defects of chondroitin sulfate metabolism (tendons and ligaments)
T™J

Repetitive Motion Syndrome

Carpal Tunnel Syndrome

Convulsions

Infertility (.e., failure to ovulate, testicular atrophy)

Still births (miscarriages)

Loss of libido in both males and females

Retarded growth rate

Shortened long bones

In 1994 Mn deficiency cost corporate America $20 billion dollars per year and
accounts for 56% of the 331,600 gradual onset work related illnesses. In 1991
orthopedic surgeons performed 100,000 unnecessary carpal tunnel syndrome
surgeries ($4,000 per surgery) with lost work, wages, and medical cost of $29,000
per case.

At risk for the repetitive motion syndrome are those with a Mn deficiency,
those working in the fields of computers (in journalism, airline reservations,
directory assistance, law, data entry, graphic design and securities brokerage).
Chief among the blue collar victims are the auto assembly workers, chicken
pluckers, meat cutters, postal employees, dock workers, etc.

Repetitive motion syndrome was observed three centuries ago in monks

who were scribes and was described in 1717 by Bernardo Ramazzini, an Italian
physician (considered to be the father of occupational medicine).

Repetitive motion syndrome victims (people with Mn deficiency) have reached
such numbers that federal legislation has been passed in the form of OSHA and
the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) to attempt to ensure workplace safety.
Asa result, large numbers of ergonomically correct keyboards and devices have
been developed. We see millions of people at work with Velcro wrist, neck, elbow,
finger, knee, back and hip supports—all for Mn deficiencies!

The allopathic medical system would still prefer to spend the patient's,
corporation's, tax payer's, and government's money on devices, surgery, and pain
relief, rather than to eliminate a problem by simply supplementing the patient
with proper biochemical nutrition.

Mo - Molybdenum is found in igneous rocks at 1.5 ppm; shale at 2.6 ppm;
sandstone at 0.02 ppm; limestone at 0.4 ppm; fresh water at 0.00035 ppm; sea
water at 0.01 ppm; soil at 2 ppm (strongly concentrated by humus, especially in
alkaline soils); a few soils worldwide are rich enough in molybdenum to cause Mo
poisoning in animals consuming the local plants; numerous soils worldwide are
Mo deficient; marine plants at 0.45 ppm; land plants at 0.9 ppm; marine animals
at 0.6 to 2.5 ppm; land animals at 0.2 ppm (highest levels in the liver and kidney).

Molybdenum is essential to all organisms as a constituent of numerous
metalloenzymes. Molybdenum is known to be an integral part of no less than
three essential enzymes:

1. Xanthine oxidase
2. Aldehyde oxidase
3. Sulfite oxidase

===== Screenshot (633) -- Page 731 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

The average American daily intake in food ranges from 76 to 109 meg per day; Classic protein deficiency results in infertility, poor growth, lowered immune
the RDA for MO is 250 mcg per day. status, edema, and Kwashiorkor (potbellied, thin children of third world

Toxicity occurs at 10 mg per day as a gout-like disease and interference with _ countries). The availability and usability of N from various foods is quite different
copper metabolism. and must be considered when choosing N sources.

Nitrogen/Protein Utilization Values of Common Foods
N - Nitrogen is found in igneous rocks at 20 ppm; fresh water at 0.23 ppm; sea

water at 0.5 ppm; soils at 1,000 ppm (99% present as a non-basic N bound in N Source (Protein) Chemical Score Rat Score
humus); marine plants at 15,000 ppm; land plants at 30,000 ppm; marine animals


at 75,000 ppm; land animals at 100,000 ppm. Whole egg 100 94
Nitrogen functions as a structural atom in protein, nucleic acids (RNA, DNA) Human milk 100 87
and a wide variety of organic molecules. Dietary N (as protein) furnishes the Cow's milk 95 82
amino acids for synthesis of tissue protein and other special metabolic functions: Soya bean 4 65
1. Proteins are used to repair worn out body tissue (anabolic process) Sesame 50 54
2, Proteins are used to build new tissue (muscle, infant growth, childhood, Peanut 65 47
teenagers, pregnancy) Cotton seed 81 59
3. Proteins can be an emergency source of heat and energy (albeit more Matze s 52
expensive in biological terms than fat or carbohydrate)
4, Proteins make up essential body secretions and fluids (i.e., enzymes, ed = “4
hormones, mucus, milk, semen, etc.) Rice 7 58
5.Blood plasma proteins maintain osmotic fluid balance Wheat 53 48
(hypoproteinemia results in edema)
6. Proteins maintain acid-base balance of blood and tissues
7. Proteins aid in transport of other essential substances (e.g., minerals, Na - Sodium is found in igneous rocks at 23,600 ppm; shale at 9,600 ppm;
fats, vitamins, etc.) sandstone at 3,300 ppm; limestone at 400 ppm; fresh water at 6.3 ppm; sea
8. Proteins make up basic immunoglobulins (antibodies) water at 10,500 ppm; soil at 6,300 ppm (is a major exchangeable cation in soil—
9. Proteins provide a N pool for the synthesis of amino acids and new especially alkaline soil); marine plants at 33,000 ppm; land plants at 1,200 ppm;
proteins marine animals at 4,000 to 48,000 ppm; and land animals at 4,000 ppm.

===== Screenshot (634) -- Page 733 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

“salt hunger” dates back to the very beginning of animals and man and is one
of the very basic cravings of living organisms. Carnivores (man or beast) do not
typically show the great craving for salt because meat contains relatively large
amounts of NaCl, but herbivores and human vegetarians demand large amounts
of NaCl because there is little or no natural NaCl in grains, vegetables and frui


The average Na dietary intake per day in Western cultures is five to 12 G/day
while the Japanese who on the average out live Americans by four years consume
an average of 28 G/day!

Sodium, Cl and K are three indispensable “electrolytes” so intimately
associated in the body that they can be presented together. Sodium makes up
two percent, K five percent and Cl three percent of the total mineral content of
the human body. All three are widely distributed throughout the body tissues and
fluids; however, Na and Cl are primarily extracellular (outside the cell) minerals,
wi


K is an intracellular (inside the cell) mineral. Sodium, K and Cl are involved
in at least four important physiological functions in the body:

1. Maintenance of normal water balance and distribution

2, Maintenance of normal osmotic equilibrium

3. Maintenance of normal acid-base balance

4, Maintenance of normal muscular irritability and neurological impulse
and neurological transmission

Hormonal control of Na, K and Cl balance is regulated by the adrenal cortex
hormones as well as by the anterior pituitary gland. Addison's disease, a loss of
function of the adrenal cortex, results in the loss of Na and K retention with
clinical signs of general weakness, muscle cramps, weight loss and a marked “salt
hunger.” The symptoms can be relieved with the supplementation of NaCl or by
administering adrenal cortical hormones.

Deficiencies of NaCl occur primarily in hot weather (the heat wave of July

1993) or heavy work or exercise in a hot environment when large volumes of
sweat are required for body cooling. “Water intoxication” occurred in infants fed
low Na formulas because of the allopathic doctor's paranoia about Na. Their
brains swelled causing death from a simple Na deficiency.

The treatment for Na deficiency is water and salt either orally or IV (saline
0.9%).

Nb - Niobium is found in igneous rocks at 20 ppm; shale at 11 ppm; sandstone at
0.05 ppm; limestone 0.3 ppm; sea water at 0.00001 ppm; land plants at 0.3 ppm;
and marine animals at 0.001 ppm.

Nd - Neodymium, a rare earth metal, is found in igneous rocks at 28 ppm; shale
imestone at 4.3 ppm; marine plants at 5 ppm;


at 16 ppm; sandstone at 11 ppr
land plants accumulates up to 460 ppm in Carya spp.; marine animals at 0.5 ppm;
accumulates in the liver and bone of land animals

Neodymium is a “light” rare earth proven to enhance normal cell growth and
double the life spans of laboratory species.

Ne - Neon is found in igneous rocks at 0.005 ppm and sea water at 0.00014 ppm.


Nickel is found in igneous rocks at 75 ppm; shale at 68 ppm; sandstone at
2.00m; limestone at 20 ppm; fresh water at 0.01 ppm; sea water at 0.0054 ppm;
soils at 40 ppm (higher in soils derived from serpentine); marine plants at 3.0
ppm; land plants at 3.0 ppm (accumulated by Alyssum bertalonii); marine animals
at 0.4 to 25 ppm and land animals at 0.8 ppm (accumulates in RNA).

‘Symptoms of Nickel Deficiency in the Rat:

Poor growth

===== Screenshot (635) -- Page 736 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Lower hematocrit (anemia from B,, deficiency)
Depressed oxidative functions of the liver
Increased newborn mortality

Rough/dry coat

Dermatitis

Delayed puberty

Decreased ability to absorb dietary zinc

Less than 10% of ingested metallic nickel is absorbed. Nickel deficiency was
first reported in 1970,

Nickel functions as a cofactor for metalloenzymes and facilitates
gastrointestinal absorption of iron and zinc. Optimal tissue levels of By, are
necessary for the optimal biological function of nickel. B,» deficiency results in an
increased need for nickel by animals and man.

Np - All isotopes of neptunium are radioactive. The half life of Np is 2.2 x
108, Neptunium accumulates in mammalian bone after ingestion; Neptunium has
been found in fresh water organisms in the Hanford River (USA).

O - Oxygen is found in igneous rock at 464,000 ppm; shale at 483,000 ppm;
sandstone at 492,000 ppm; limestone at 497,000 ppm; fresh water at 889,000
ppm; sea water at 857,000 ppm; soils at 490,000 ppm; marine plants at 470,000
ppm; land plants at 410,000 (except anaerobic organisms); marine animals at
400,000 ppm; land animals at 186,000 ppm.

Terrestrial O consists of 99.76% 160 with a half life of less than two minutes.
Oxygen is a structural atom of water (in and out of living systems), and of all
organic compounds of biological interest; 0, is required for “respiration” by all
organisms (except for anaerobic organisms). We can live for 30 days without food,
three to seven days without water under ideal circumstances, but only for four

minutes without gaseous oxygen. Oxygen is the most critical of all elemental
factors necessary for the maintenance of human life.

According to the 1980s U.S. Geological Survey, our earth's atmosphere had
50% oxygen 75 million years ago when dinosaurs flourished (these oxygen level
estimates were arrived at by inserting micro-needles into trapped air bubbles in
polar ice and determining the oxygen level in ancient ice). Some paleontologists
claim that the simultaneous and universal demise of the dinosaurs followed
the widespread quieting of the earth's volcanoes that reduced the levels of
atmospheric CO,, which in turn reduced the oxygen levels to 38%. It is theorized
that the 12% drop in the earth’s oxygen levels was sufficient to cause the
apocalyptic demise of the dinosaur.

The Geological Survey also reported that the earth's atmosphere still
contained 38% oxygen as recently as 100 years ago. During the 1950s, the
percentage of O in our atmosphere dropped to 21% and in the 21st century it has.
dropped to 19% of our gaseous atmosphere.

The continued drop in O levels in our atmosphere reflects an increase in
oxygen-consuming species (including the runaway human population) and fossil-
fuel burning machines (ie., vehicles electric and power-generating plants, etc.)
and less oxygen production (from decreasing acreages of rain forests and aquatic
algae). The net result of this continued drop in oxygen levels is a relative
“anaerobic state” compared with the 38% of just 100 years ago and a very
marked “anaerobic state” compared with the 50% oxygen levels 75 million years
ago.

Most pathogenic organisms (disease producing) are by themselves anaerobic
and are “happier” and flourish and reproduce with more vigor in the absence

of oxygen (e.g., gangrene organisms, type A streptococcus, etc.) or are able to


survive and grow in living cells weakened by low-oxygen environments (e.g.,
viruses, yeast, fungus, cancer, etc).

===== Screenshot (636) -- Page 737 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

The question is why have anaerobic diseases “suddenly appeared" in the 80s
and 90s during the last quarter of the 20th century, diseases with which we have
little or no human history or experience?

Regardless of the name, tuberculosis or consumption or scrofula can be found
in 5,000 year old mummies from Egypt and China, 1,000 year old corpses from
Peru and ancient writings from the Greeks and Romans.

The “new” modern day anaerobic diseases have no history with humans, nor
will you find them in biblical or ancient writings describing HIV, EBV, CMV, Herpes
Il, Hanta Virus, Candida, Toxic Shock Syndrome from Staphylococcus spp., E. coli
and “flesh-eating” Type A Streptococcus spp.

The most plausible theory is that the anaerobic disease causing organisms laid
around in dormant states (spores) for 100s, 1,000s or even millions of years as
long as relatively high level of oxygen (at 50, 38 or even 21%) were present in
our atmosphere to inhibit their activity and growth. With the precipitous dip in
atmospheric oxygen, we are having an “oxygen counter revolution” with a return
to an anaerobic bios.

Aerobic Diseases of Humans


Disease Year of Appearance
VIRAL
Mycoplasma (rheumatoid arthritis—virus-like) ?

Herpes Il (sexually transmitted herpes)1978
HIV (AIDS) 1982

EBV, CMV (chronic fatigue syndrome) 1982


Hanta Virus (“Four Corners Disease") 1993
BACTERIA

Staphylococcus (Toxic Shock Syndrome) 1982
E. coli (Toxic Shock Syndrome) 1993
Type A Streptococcus (“flesh-eating” Strep) 1994
YEAST/FUNGUS

Candida albicans ("Candida") 1982

Coccidiomycosis (“Valley Fever") 1900 (35 cs/yr)

1992 (1,450 cs/yr)

CANCER
All forms 1900 (1 cs/10)

1994 (3 cs/4)


Dr. Otto Warburg, of the Max Plank Institute, Germany, was the recipient
of two unshared Nobel Prizes (Linus Pauling was the only other individual to
be awarded two unshared Nobel Prizes)—one for discovering the amino acid
and describing the basic composition of proteins and the other for determining
that the metabolism of the cancer cell is fermentative and anaerobic while the
normal non-cancerous cell is fully aerobic. During the 1950s Warburg was able to
demonstrate clearly that cancer cells ferment sugar under anaerobic conditions


and die in the presence of oxygen.

Neutrophils, a type of white blood cell that helps defend humans by
identifying, engulfing, and destroying invading microorganisms, such as a virus,
bacteria, yeast, fungus, parasites and cancer cells, use hydrogen peroxide as

===== Screenshot (637) -- Page 739 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

their “lethal weapon.” Neutrophils are packed with small organelles (microscopic
organs) called peroxisomes, whose sole function is to produce hydrogen peroxide
and eject it onto the captured pathogen or cancer cell for the specific purpose of
destroying it. Neutrophils tend to be very sloppy, dribbling their over-production
of hydrogen peroxide freely into the general circulation.

The potential danger of hydrogen peroxide free in the blood stream is that
it could become a “loose-cannon.” However, we humans are blessed with an
enzyme called catalase that literally coats the surfaces of human red blood cells
and the linings of blood vessels. The function of the enzyme catalase is to rapidly
facilitate the decomposition of hydrogen peroxide down to water (H,0) and
singlet oxygen (0).

There are concerns by the uninitiated regarding the “free radical” status
of “singlet” oxygen (0) which has a free electron when either ozone (05),
hydrogen peroxide (H,0,), magnesium peroxide (MgO,) or chlorine dioxide (ClO)
decompose into water and singlet oxygen, magnesium and singlet oxygen, or
chlorine and singlet oxygen.

When singlet or atomic oxygen come into direct contact with tissue cells
outside of the circulatory system (in a cell culture, test tube, wound, etc.) the cells
will die; however, in the whole animal or human, other biological factors come
into play to protect the whole organism to prevent the “free radical” damage.

When ingested in proper dilution on an empty stomach or administered by
IV under proper conditions, food grade hydrogen peroxide is readily absorbed


through the stomach and duodenal walls directly into the blood stream where
it is immediately broken down into water and singlet oxygen. The free electron
of the singlet oxygen ether combines with a free electron of a carcinogenic-
free electron (carcinogenic substances) or with the free electron of another
singlet oxygen, becoming 0). Carcinogenic-free electrons frequently remain free
electrons under many circumstances, actually “quite happy" with their free

electron status. On the other hand, the free electron of the singlet oxygen does
not like to be a singlet electron and if it doesn’t locate another free electron to
attach to it will in nanoseconds grab onto another singlet oxygen and become an
0,-the required stuff of respiration and life itself!

Ozone (0;) -> H,0, + O-
Catalase -> H,0 +0)

Oxygen in the form of hydrogen peroxide has been used topically,
intravenously and orally since the Civil War. It has been used widely in Europe
for more than SO years for alternative cancer therapies, circulatory disease,
arteriosclerosis, emphysema, asthma, gangrene and more recently as a therapy
for survivors of stroke (stroke victims have inactive but living cells surrounding
the stroke site known as “sleeping beauty” cells that can be reactivated or jump
started when they are exposed to several atmospheres of oxygen in hyperbaric
chambers).

In Dr. Renate Vicbahn’s book, The Use of Ozone in Medicine, cited 22 refereed
medical journal articles that illustrated the therapeutic effect of ozone against
cancer cells, There does appear to be a bell-shaped curve or “therapeutic
window" (ie,, hormesis) for the optimal dosage of ozone (20 to 100 u/ml of
blood); anything less is ineffective and anything more can be damaging to normal
cells.

Os - Osmium is foun:


igneous rocks at 0.0015 ppm. It oxidizes organic matter
as 0s0, and is reduced to Os.

P - Phosphorus is found in igneous rocks at 1,050 ppm; shale at 700 ppm;
sandstone at 170 ppm; limestone at 400 ppm; fresh water at 0.005 ppm; sea
water at 0.07 ppm; soil at 650 ppm ("fixed” by hydrous oxides of Al and Fe in acid

===== Screenshot (638) -- Page 741 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

soil). Great and vast reaches of Earth are deficient in P; marine plants at 3,500
ppm; land plants at 2,300 ppm; marine animals at 4,000 to 18,000 ppm; land
animals at 17,000 to 44,000 ppm.

Phosphorous is an extremely important essential mineral. However, it gets
little or no attention from nutritionists because it is widely available in many
foods. Phosphorus is a major structural mineral for bones and teeth, and it has
more functions in the human than any other mineral, including its role as a vital
constituent of nucleic acids; it activates enzymes for several steps of the ATP
energy cycle; and is used in RBC metabolism (a complete discussion of P would
require a discussion of every metabolic function in the body).

Second in abundance only to calcium in the human body, P comprises 22
percent of the body's total mineral content. The human body contains about 800
grams of P, (just short of two pounds), of which 700 grams is found in bones and
teeth as insoluble cal


m phosphate (hydroxyapatite crystals). The balance of P
in the human body is found as biologically active intra and extracellular colloidal
P in combination with carbohydrates, lipids, protein, and a wide variety of other
biologically active organic compounds including the blood's major pH buffering
system. B-complex vitamins function as coenzymes to intracellular metabolic
functions only when combined with P.

Phosphorus is part of most proteins and as such becomes problematic
(elevated P intake increases Ca requirements) when “high protein diets” are
consumed by aggravating osteoporosis, arthritis, high blood pressure, loose
teeth, etc. Phosphorus is present as phytates in cereals and grain flours.
Therefore, if bread is made from unleavened flours, the phytic acid will complex
with Ca, Fe, Zn and other minerals in the gut, thus further lowering their
absorption rate.

The average human adult dietary intake of P is 1,000 to 1,500 mg/day. In
adults and older children, the absorption of metallic P is limited to approximately

three to five percent and as high as eight to 12 percent in infants. Mixed dietary
sources of P (chelated forms) may be absorbed at the rate of 40 to 50%. Optimal
absorption of metallic and chelated P occurs when the Ca:P ratio is 1:1. Colloidal
P is absorbed up to 98%.

Deficiencies of P have long been recognized in livestock, but only recently
has a deficiency of P been considered important in humans. The widespread,
universal, and ultimately fatal results of P deficiency are related to its widespread
use in biological functions, significantly as a result of a decrease in ATP synthesis
(complete metabolic energy failure) with associated neuromuscular, skeletal,
blood, and kidney diseases.

Phosphate appetite was described by LeVaillant (1796) as the anxious search
by cattle in phosphate-deficient South African pastures for discarded dog chew-
bones (osteophagia); they also chewed on wood (cribbing, pica) and each other's
horns. Bone chewing (osteophagia, a form of pica) has been reported in many
wild species of herbivores including the reindeer, caribou, red deer, camel, giraffe,
elephant and the wildebeest.

Elephants have been observed eating limestone roadbeds and large termite
heaps as ready and available mineral supplements. A search for calcium-rich
edible clays and soils and territorial disputes over limited supplies led to wars in
tribal Africa,

Obesity and an overweight condition is synonymous with Americans. In fact, at
this writing, America is the most obese nation in the world—America is “number
one!” Pica in its various forms is a behavior that is driven by mineral deficiencies
(for example, from phosphorus, iron, etc.) Interestingly enough, neither vitamin
deficiencies, protein deficiencies, nor calorie deficiency initiates this “pica”
behavior


; nor will supplementing vitamins or eating sugar, carbohydrates, fats,
protein, or salt quench iti!

===== Screenshot (639) -- Page 743 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Wallach and Ma published Hell's Kitchen, which outlined and documented the
“cause, prevention, and cure for obesity” as mineral deficiencies (of phosphorus,
iron, etc.) rather than lack of exercise and eating too much.

Clinical P depletion and resultant low blood P (hypophosphatemia) result
from IV administration of glucose or TPN (Total Parenteral Nutrition) without P
supplementation, excessive use of antacids, hyperparathyroidism (low calcium/
high phosphate diets are the cause of this one), improper treatment of diabetic
acidosis, use of diuretics, sweating during exercise, and alcoholism with and
without liver disease.

Vegetarians and vegans, who do not supplement with minerals, rarely have P
deficiency (unless they have a chronic gluten intolerance from high whole-grain
consumption). However, because of their high phytic acid intake (raw vegetables)
they always have other mineral deficiencies (such as lack of Ca, Cu, Cr, V, Li, Zn,
etc.) unless they supplement.

Pa - Protoactinium is found in igneous rocks at 1.4 x 10-6 ppm and sea water
at 2.4 x 10°31 ppm. All isotopes are radioactive with a half-life of 32,000 years.
Protoactinium accumulates in mammalian bone after ingestion.

Pb - Lead is found in igneous rocks at 12.5 ppm; shale at 20 ppm; sandstone at
7 ppm; limestone at 9 ppm; soil at 10 ppm (higher in limestone soils and humus);
fresh water at 0.005 ppm; sea water at 0.00008 ppm; marine plants at 8.4 ppm;
land plants at 2.7 ppm (many plant species are adapted to Pb-rich soils and


accumulate Pb including Amorpha canescens); marine animals at 0.5 ppm (highest
in fish bones); land animals at 2.0 ppm (highest levels found in bone, liver, and
kidney).

Lead has a biological function in all vertebrates including humans. Schrauzer
states that lead is a required cofactor for an enzyme (“leadzyme") that is part of

the duplication process of RNA.

Children with cravings (pica) for non-food items (including paint, sand, dirt,
etc.) are very susceptible to lead poisoning (plumbism). Infants and children with
pica (mineral deficiencies) will chew on their toys (e.g, three-year-old Natale
Hayhurst, from Terra Haute, IN reported on Good Morning America (March 2011)
that she ate light bulbs, diet coke cans, dirt, rocks, plastic toys, paper products,
cardboard, shower curtain magnets, etc.)

It is common that infants and children who are mineral deficient with clinical
pica will chew on their toys, cribs, window sills, caulking, furniture and paint. A
chip of lead paint the size of a penny can contain as much as 50 to 100 ug of
lead, consuming this amount of lead daily over three months will result in lead
poisoning.

The “normal” blood lead level is below 40 ug/dl. Children with blood lead
levels above 60 to 80 ug/dl have symptoms of vomiting, irritability, weight
loss, muscular weakness, headache, abdominal pain, insomnia, and anorexia.
Children with blood lead levels above 80 ug/dl show anemia, kidney damage,
(Fanconi syndrome, and increased urinary loss of amino acids, glucose, and
phosphorus), peripheral neuritis, ataxia and muscular incoordination, joint pain
and encephalopathy (brain damage, learning disabilities, etc.) with eventual
death.

The approach to treating lead poisoning includes supplementing with 60
colloidal minerals (including Ca and Fe to eliminate pica and further ingestion of
Pb), restoring fluid and electrolyte balance (especially K and P) and the use of
IV or IM chelation using CaEDTA (calcium-ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid) and
BAL(British Anti-Lewisite) for a minimum of five days. It is not unusual for as


many as 25% of Pb poisoned individuals to have residual loss of 1Q, loss of

coordination, hyperactivity, learning disabilities, and impulsiveness

===== Screenshot (640) -- Page 745 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Pd - Palladium is found in igneous rocks at 0.01 ppm and land animals at 0.002
ppm. Palladium accumulates in mammalian liver and kidney after ingestion.

Combinations of vitamin B,, and palladium are employed for alternative
cancer therapies.

Pm - Promethium isotopes are all radioactive with a half-life of 2.6 years.
Promethium is an important fission product that has entered the biosphere (prior
to made-made nuclear explosions Pm did not exist in nature). Pm accumulates in
mammalian bone and liver after ingestion.

Po - Polonium is found in igneous rocks at 2 x 10°" ppm.

Pr - Praseodymium is a “light” rare earth element that is found in igneous rocks
at 8.2 ppm; shale at 6 ppm; sandstone at 2.8 ppm; limestone at 1.4 ppm; marine
plants at 5 ppm; land plants accumulates up to 46 ppm (Carya spp.); marine
animals at 0.5 ppm; land animals at 1.5 ppm (accumulates in mammalian bone
and liver).

Praseodymium enhances proliferation of normal cell growth and doubling of
the life span in laboratory species.

Pt - Platinum is found in igneous rocks at 0.005 ppm and land animals at 0.002
ppm.

Pu - All plutonium isotopes are radioactive with a half-life of 24,000 years.
Plutonium was released into the earth’s atmosphere by nuclear explosions.
Marine plants concentrate Pu up to 4,000 times above the background level
of sea water. Land plants record 0.4 to 2.2 disintegrations/sec/kg; land animals

record 0.07 to 6.8 disintegrations/sec/kg (Pu accumulates in bone after contact
or ingestion).

Ra - Radium is found in igneous rocks at 9 x 10°7 ppm; shale at 11 x 10°77 ppm;
sandstone at 7 x 10°7 ppm; limestone at 4 x 10°7 ppm; fresh water at 3.9 x 10°10
Ppm; sea water at 6 x 10°" ppm; soils at 8 x 10°? ppm; marine plants at 9 x 10°.
ppm; land plants at () x 10-9 ppm; marine animals at 0.7 to 15 x 10° ppm; land
animals at 7 x 10°9 ppm (highest concentrations in mammalian bone); all isotopes
of Ra are radioactive.

Rb - Rubidium is found in igneous rocks at 90 ppm; shale at 140 ppm; sandstone
at 60 ppm; limestone at 3 ppm; fresh water at 0.0015 ppm; sea water at 0.12
ppm; soil at 100 ppm (fixed by clay soils); marine plants at 7.4 ppm; land plants
at 20 ppm; marine animals at 20 ppm; land animals at 17 ppm (highest levels in
liver and muscle; lowest levels in bone).

Rubidium can replace the electrolyte function of K in many species including
bacteria, algae, fungi and certain invertebrates (echinoderms - starfish).

Re - Rhenium is found in igneous rocks at 0.005 ppm; marine plants at 0.014
ppm; marine animals at 0.0005 to 0.006 ppm; land animals accumulate Re in
thyroid tissue.

Rh - Rhodium is found in igneous rocks at 0.001 ppm.
Rn - Radon is found in igneous rocks at 4 x 10°13 ppm; fresh water at 1.7 x 10°15

ppm; sea water at 6 x 10°16 ppm; all isotopes of Rn are radioactive with a half-life
of 54 seconds to 3.8 days; Rn gas is carcinogenic and highly toxic when inhaled.

===== Screenshot (641) -- Page 747 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Radon is a common household hazard, it is odorless and colorless; detection
requires the use of a kit that is generally available.

Ru - Ruthenium is found in igneous rocks at 0.001 ppm; land plants at 0.005
ppm; land animals at 0.002 ppm (Ru0, is highly toxic to animals and humans).

S - Sulfur is found in igneous rocks at 260 ppm; shale at 2,400 ppm; sandstone at
240 ppm; limestone at 1,200 ppm; fresh water at 3.7 ppm; sea water at 885 ppm;
soils at 700 ppm (up to 90% of soil S is bound tightly to humus; SO, is a major
exchange anion in many soils; occurs in soils near volcanoes liberating SO, and
SO;); marine plants at 12,000 ppm (accumulates in red algae, Demarestia spp.);
land plants at 3,400 ppm (lower in most bryophytes and gymnosperms); marine
animals at 5,000 to 19,000 ppm (highest in coelenterates and molluscs); land
animals at 5,000 ppm (highest in cartilage, tendons, keratin, skin, nails and hair
and lowest in bones).

Sulfur is an important structural atom in most proteins as sulfur amino acids
(cystine, cysteine and methionine) and small organic molecules. Glutathione, a
tripeptide containing cysteine, is essential to cellular reactions involving sulfur
amino acids in protein. Sulfur is found in a reduced form (-SH) in cysteine and in
an oxidized form (-S-S-) as the double molecule, cysteine. This “sulfhydryl group"
is important for the specific configuration of some structural proteins and for the
biological activities of some enzymes (proteins that do work).

Sulfur containing proteins work in indirect ways to maintain life:

+ Hemoglobin
+ Hormones (insulin, adrenal cortical hormones)
+ Enzymes

+ Antibodies


Sulfur also occurs in carbohydrates such as heparin, an anticoagulant that is
concentrated in the liver and other tissues; and chondroitin sulfate (cartilage,
collagen, etc,). The vitamins thiamine (B,) and biotin have S bound in their
molecule. The toxic properties of arsenic are the result of its ability to combine
with sulfhydryl groups.

Deficiency of S results in degenerative types of arthritis involving
degeneration of cartilage, ligaments, tendons, Systemic Lupus Erythematosis,
Sickle cell anemia and various “collagen diseases.”

‘Sb - Antimony is found in igneous rocks at 0.2 ppm; shale at 1.5 ppm; sandstone
at 0.05 ppm; limestone at 0.2 ppm; sea water at 0.00033 ppm; soil at 2 to
10 ppm; land plants at 0.06 ppm; land animals at 0.006 ppm (concentrates in
mammalian heart muscle).

Antimony potassium tartrate (tartar emetic) is still used today as the preferred
treatment for blood flukes (schistosomiasis or Bilharziasis).

‘Sc - Scandium is found in igneous rocks at 22 ppm; shale at 13 ppm; sandstone
and limestone at 1 ppm; sea water at 0.000004 ppm; soils at 7 ppm; land plants
at 0.008 ppm; land animals at 0.00006 ppm (concentrates in mammalian heart
and bone).

‘Se - Selenium is found in igneous rocks at 0.05 ppm; shale at 0.6 ppm; sandstone
at 0.05 ppm; limestone at 0.08 ppm; fresh water at 0.02 ppm; sea water at
0.00009 ppm; soils 0.2 ppm (not universally distributed, vast areas of Earth are
deficient or even totally devoid of Se; Se is found in the humus of alkaline soils
when present); marine plants at 0.8 ppm; land plants at 0.2 ppm; land animals at
1.7 ppm (highest concentrations found in liver, kidney, heart and skeletal muscle).

===== Screenshot (642) -- Page 749 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Selenium is the most efficient antioxidant (anti-peroxident) and is found at
the subcellular level in the glutathione peroxidase enzyme system and “metallo”
amino acids (selenomethionine, etc.). Selenium prevents cellular and subcellular
lipids and fats from being peroxidized, which literally means it prevents body fats
from going rancid (seen externally as “age spots” or “liver spots"). This browngold
peroxidized lipid is known as ceroid lipofucsin.

Selenium has been shown to “improve genome stability” And maintain
teleomere function and length.

Selenium also functions to protect cellular and organelle bi-lipid
layermembranes from oxidative damage. This type of lipid damage (known as
ceroid lipofucsin) is seen through the standard light microscope is called “age
pigment.” High intake of dietary polyunsaturated oils (such as olive oil, coconut
oil, fish oil, etc,), salad dressings, margarine, and cooking oils concurrent with a
selenium deficiency will increase the risk and rate of birth defects (such as cystic
fibrosis, muscular dystrophy, etc), arteriosclerosis, cardiomyopathy, sudden heart
death, and cancer. The polyunsaturated configuration of the oils when heated
or treated with hydrogen (“trans fatty acids") literally causes the rancidity (“free
radical” damage) of cellular membranes and intracellular fat.

The clinical diseases associated with selenium deficiency are diverse and to the
uninformed shrouded in mystery. Selenium deficiency is one of the more costly
mineral deficiency complexes affecting embryos, the newborn, toddlers, teens,
and adults alike.

Selenium deficiency can result in infertility in both men and women.
Congenital selenium during pregnancy can result in a wide variety of problems
ranging from miscarriage, low birth weight, high infant mortality, Sudden Infant
Death Syndrome ("SIDS"), cystic fibrosis, muscular dystrophy, cardiomyopathy,
liver cirrhosis, cancer, etc.

Selenium deficiency in growing children can result in crib death or SIDS

(Sudden Infant Death Syndrome), slow growth, small size (failure to reach
genetic potential for size and mass), muscular dystrophy, cystic fibrosis
(CF), scoliosis, hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (muscular dystrophy of the heart
muscle, a.k.a. Keshan Disease), anemia, liver cirrhosis, hypothyroidism, muscular
weakness, lowered immune capacity, and neuromuscular diseases such as ALD
(Adrenoleucodystrophy or “Lorenzo's Oil” type syndromes).

In young adults, selenium deficiency appears as anemia, chronic fatigue,
Wilson's syndrome (hypothyroidism), liver cirrhosis, muscular weakness, myalgia,
muscle tendemess, fibromyalgia, lupus, pancreatitis, infertility, muscular
selenium deficiency in adults appears especially common in young athletes such
as basketball players, football players and track stars at the high school, college,
university, Olympic and professional levels, part of the anorexia nervosa complex,
MS (multiple sclerosis), Lou Gehrig's Disease (ALS) and liver cirrhosis, cancer and
lowered immune capacity.

Selenium deficiency in adults appears as reduced immune capacity, anemia,
infertility, “age spots” or “liver spots’, myalgia, muscle weakness, fibromyalgia,
lupus, MS (multiple sclerosis), ALS (Lou Gehrig's disease), Parkinson's disease,
dementia (Werniki-Korsakoff's disease), irregular heart beat (electrical conduction
problems), cardiomyopathy, hypertrophy or thickening of the heart ventricular
walls, sudden heart death, liver cirrhosis, hypothyroidism, cataracts, and cancer.

Selenium Deficiency Diseases:

HIV (AIDS)

Anemia (RBC fragility)

Age Spots & Liver Spots-ceroid lipofucin
Fatigue

Muscular weakness

===== Screenshot (643) -- Page 751 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Myalgia (Fibromyalgia, muscle pain and soreness)
Rhabdomyalisis (breakdown of skeletal muscle cell walls following exercise)
Scoliosis

Muscular Dystrophy (MD, White Muscle Disease, Stiff Lamb Disease)

Cystic Fibrosis

Cardiomyopathy (Keshan Disease, “Mulberry heart” disease)

Multiple sclerosis (MS)

Blindness - cataracts, macular degeneration

Heart palpitations

Irregular heart beat

Liver cirrhosis

Pancreatitis,

Pancreatic atrophy

Lou Gehrig's disease (ALS)

Parkinson's Disease

Alzheimer's Disease (a physician caused disease associated with the use of
statin drugs, low cholesterol intake and consumption of free radicals)
Adrenoleucodystrophy (ALD - “Lorenzo's Oil” Syndrome)

Infertility

Low birth weight

High infant mortality

Miscarriages

‘Sudden Infant Death Syndrome (SIDS)

Cancer (reported in 1912)

Clinical AIDS (HIV infection)

ckle-cell anemia


Wilson's Syndrome (hypothyroidism)

Wallach in 1998 filed for and won an application for selenium claims from
the FDA, including, “supplementation with selenium can reduce the risk of many
types of cancer,” and “supplementation with selenium can support the bodies

ability to manufacture anti-cancer substances.”

In 2013 the FDA sent out an announcement that “encouraged” manufacturers
of infant formulas to add selenium to their products. This brings the number of

minerals in infant formulas to 13 but where are the other 47?

In a review of the anti-cancer effects of selenium, Schrauzer, Professor

emeritus and head of the Department of Chemistry, UCSD stated:

Selenium is increasingly recognized as a versatile anticarcinogenic agent.
Its protective functions cannot be solely attributed to the action of
glutathione peroxidase. Instead, selenium appears to operate by several
mechanisms, depending on dosage and chemical form of selenium and the
nature of the carcinogenic stress. In a major protective function, selenium
is proposed to prevent the malignant transformation of cells by acting as
a “redox switch" in the activation-inactivation of cellular growth factors
and other functional proteins through the catalysis of oxidation-reduction
reactions of critical -SH groups or -S-S~ bonds. The growth-modulatory
effects of selenium are dependent on the levels of intracellular glutathione
peroxidase and the oxygen supply. In general, growth inhibition is achieved
by the Se-mediated stimulation of cellular respiration (more oxygen and
less cancer). Selenium appears to inhibit the replication of tumor viruses
and the activation of oncogenes by similar mechanisms, However, it may
also alter carcinogen metabolism and protect DNA against carcinogen-
induced damage.

In additional functions of relevance to its anticarcinogenic activity,
selenium acts as an acceptor of biogenic methyl groups, and is involved

===== Screenshot (644) -- Page 753 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

in detoxification of metals and certain xenobiotics. Selenium also has
immunopotentiating properties. It is required for optimal macrophage and
natural killer cell functions.

The school of pharmacy from the University of Georgia released a report in
august of 1994 that concludes: “A human selenium deficiency is related to the
onset of full-blown AIDS in chronically infected HIV patients. According to their
report, HIV requires large amounts of selenium for replication and in selenium-
deficient patients, the virus competes with the patient for limited amounts
of the essential mineral. The HIV patient actually dies of selenium-deficiency
encephalopathy, liver cirrhosis, or cardiomyopathy. Long-term HIV patients (20
years or more) that never developed full blown clinical AIDS had supplemented
with relatively large amounts of selenium.”

Si - Silica is found in igneous rocks at 281,500 ppm; shale at 73,000 ppm;
sandstone at 368,000 ppm; limestone at 24,000 ppm; fresh water at 6.5 ppm;
sea water at 3 ppm; soils at 330,000 ppm (found as SiO,, the most abundant
form of Si in nature, in silicates and clays); marine plants at 1,500 to 20,000 ppm;
accumulated by diatoms, horsetail, ferns, Cyoeraceae, Graineae and Jucaceae
and by flowers of Pappophorum silicosum; marine animals at 70,000 ppm; land
animals at 120 to 6,000 ppm (highest levels in hair, lungs and bone).

Silica supplementation increases the collagen in growing bone by 100%.
Tissue levels of Si decrease with aging in unsupplemented humans and


laboratory species. Silica deficiency is characterized by dry brittle hair, brittle
finger and toe nails, poor skin quality, poor calcium utilization, and arterial
disease. High fiber diets contain significant amounts of Si which leads many
investigators to believe that Si helps to lower cholesterol. The recommended Si

intake ranges from 200 to 500 mg/day for adults.

Sm - Samarium is a “light” rare earth element found in igneous rocks at 6 ppm;
shale at 5.6 ppm; sandstone at 2.7 ppm; limestone at 0.8 ppm; land plants at
0.0055 ppm (accumulates up to 23 ppm); marine animals at 0.04 to 0.08 ppm;
land animals at 0.01 ppm in heart muscle and 0.0009 ppm in mammalian bone
and liver.

Samarium enhances normal cell proliferation and doubles the life span of
laboratory species.

Sn - Tin is found in igneous rocks at 2 ppm; shale at 6 ppm; sandstone and
limestone at 0.5 ppm; fresh water at 0.00004 ppm; sea water at 0.003 ppm; soils
at 2 to 200 ppm (strongly absorbed by humus); marine plants at 1 ppm; land
plants at 0.3 ppm (highest in bryophytes and lichens); marine animals at 0.2 to
20 ppm; land animals at 0.15 ppm (highest levels are found in the lungs and
intestines of vertebrates).

Originally, the presence of Sn in tissue was attributed to environmental
contamination; however, careful and detailed studies by Schwarz demonstrated
that Sn produced an acceleration of growth in rats and further met the standards
for an essential trace element. As a member of the fourth main chemical group
of elements, Sn has many chemical and physical properties similar to those of
carbon, silica, germanium, and lead.

Rats fed Sn at 17.0 ng/gm show poor growth, reduced feed efficiency, hearing
loss, and bilateral (male pattern) hair loss, while rats fed 1.99 ug/gm were
physiologically and anatomically normal; Sn was demonstrated to be an essential.
element by Schwarz in 1970. Tin has been shown to exert a strong induction
effect on the enzyme heme oxygenase, enhancing heme breakdown in the kidney.
There is also evidence for tin having cancer-prevention properties.

===== Screenshot (645) -- Page 755 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

A federal study released in November of 1991 showed that men in recent
generations have poorer hearing at any given age than in men in earlier
generations and is generally thought to be the result of a Sn deficiency. Men over
the age of 30 lose their hearing more than twice as fast as women of the same
age.

Sr — Strontium is found in igneous rocks at 375 ppm; shale at 300 ppm;
sandstone at 20 ppm; limestone at 610 ppm; fresh water at 0.08 ppm; sea water
at 8.1 ppm; soils at 300 ppm; marine plants at 260 to 1,400 ppm; land plants at
26 ppm; marine animals at 20 to 500 ppm; land animals at 14 ppm (highest in
mammalian bone).

Strontium can replace Ca in a Ca deficiency state in many organisms including
man,

Deficiencies of Sr are associated with certain types of Ca and B resistant
osteopenia, osteoporosis, osteoarthritis, degenerative arthritis, bone on bone
arthritis, and rheumatoid arthritis.


Strontium 90, the man made radioactive isotope product of fission atomic
explosions and the greatest biohazard fear during the “Cold War” does occur
naturally in nature.

Ta - Tantalum is found in igneous rocks at 2 ppm; shale at 0.8 ppm; sandstone
and limestone at 0.05 ppm; sea water at 0.000025 ppm; marine animals
accumulate Ta up to 410 ppm,

Th - Terbium is found in igneous rocks at 0.9 ppm; shale at 0.58 ppm; sandstone
at 0.41 ppm; limestone at 0.071 ppm; land plants at 0.0015 ppm; marine animals
at 0.006 to 0.01 ppm; land animals at 0.0004 ppm (accumulates in mammalian
bone).

Tc - All isotopes of technetium are radioactive and not known to occur naturally
in nature. Technetium is poorly absorbed by mammals.

Te — Tellurium is found in igneous rocks at 0.001 ppm; land plants at 2 to 25 ppm
and land animals at 0.02 ppm.

Th - Thorium is found in igneous rocks at 9 to 6 ppm; shale at 12 ppm; sandstone
and limestone at 1 to 7 ppm; soils at 5 ppm; marine animals at 0.003 to 0.03 ppm;
and land animals at 0.003 to 0.1 ppm.

Ti — Titanium is found in igneous rocks at 5,700 ppm; shale at 4,600 ppm;
sandstone at 1,500 ppm; sea water at 0.001 ppm; soils at 5,000 ppm; marine
plants at 12 to 80 ppm (accumulates in plankton); land plants at 1 ppm; marine
animals at 0.2 to 20 ppm; and land animals at 0.2 ppm.

Tl - Thallium is found in igneous rocks at 0.45 ppm; shale at 1.4 ppm; sandstone
at 0.82 ppm; limestone at 0.05 ppm; sea water at 0.00001 ppm; soils at 0.1
ppm; land animals at 0.4 ppm (accumulates in the mammalian kidney and under
certain circumstances can be highly toxic to mammals including man).

Tm - Thulium is a “heavy” rare earth and is found in igneous rocks at 0.48 ppm;
shale at 0.28 ppm; sandstone at 0.3 ppm; limestone at 0.065 ppm; land plants at
0.0015 ppm; and land animals at 0.00004 ppm.

Thulium supplementation enhances the growth of normal cells and has
doubled the lifespans of laboratory species.

===== Screenshot (646) -- Page 757 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

U — Uranium is found in igneous rocks at 2.7 ppm; shale at 3.7 ppm; sandstone
at 0.95 ppm; limestone at 2.2 ppm; fresh water at 0.001 ppm; sea water at 0.003
ppm; soil at 1 ppm (absorbed by humus, especially in alkaline soils); land plants at
0.038 ppm (Astragalus spp. is an accumulator plant); marine animals at 0.004 to
3.2 ppm; land animals at 0.013 ppm; all natural isotopes of U are alpha emiters
and may also decay by fission. Uranium is accumulated by mammalian kidney and
bone after ingestion.

V-- Vanadium is found in igneous rocks at 135 ppm; shale at 130 ppm; sandstone
at 20 ppm; limestone at 20 ppm; fresh water at 0.001 ppm; seater at 0.002 ppm;
soils at 100 ppm (V is absorbed by humus, especially in alkaline soils); marine
plants at 2 ppm; land plants at 1.6 ppm (accumulated by the fungus Arnanita
‘muscaria); marine animals at 0.14 to 2 ppm; land animals at 0.15 ppm.

Metallic V (vanadyl sulfate) is absorbed from the intestinal tract very poorly at
levels of 0.1 to 1.0%; V chelates at 40% and plant derived colloids at up to 98%.

Vanadium was proven to be an essential trace mineral in 1971. Vanadium
stimulates glucose (blood sugar) oxidation and transport in fat cells and glycogen
(animal starch) synthesis in liver and muscle and inhibits liver gluconeogenesis
(production of glucose from fat) and absorption of glucose from the gut.
Vanadium enhances the stimulating effect of insulin on DNA synthesis. Despite
low serum insulin, the blood glucose levels of diabetic rats fed V, was the same as
normal controls.

Vanadium appears to function like insulin by altering cell membrane function
for ion transport processes. Therefore, V has a very beneficial effect, particularly
in humans with glucose-tolerance problems (affecting hypoglycemia, reactive
hypoglycemia, hyperinsulinemia and type 1 and type 2 diabetes) by making the
cell membrane insulin receptors more sensitive to insulin.

Several cultures, including American Indians, Canadian Indians, Hispanics,
African Americans, and Hawaiians have an increased rate of diabetes when they
cease to eat their ethnic foods and turn to eating canned, processed, and fast-
foods, leading to the false theory that diabetes is a genetically-transmitted
disease. Vanadium supplementation can have a major positive economic impact
by reducing or even eliminating most cases of adult onset type 2 diabetes.
Diabetes alone costs American taxpayers $105 billion each year.

Vanadium inhibits cholesterol synthesis in animals and humans and is
associated with a decreased plasma level of cholesterol and reduced aortic
deposits of cholesterol.

Vanadium initiates an increase in the contractile force of heart muscle known
as the “inotrophic effect.”

Vanadium has known anticarcinogenic properties. Induction of mouse
mammary tumor growth was blocked by feeding 25 ug/gm of diet. The vanadium
supplement reduced tumor incidence, average tumor count per animal and
prolonged median cancer free time without inhibiting overall growth or health of
the animals (sure beats the results and untoward side effects of chemotherapy
and radiation!)

Diseases Associated with a Clinical Deficiency of Vanadium

Slow growth

Increased infant mortality
Infertility

Elevated cholesterol (above 300)
Elevated triglycerides (above 125)
Hypoglycemia

Hyperinsulinemia

===== Screenshot (647) -- Page 759 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Type 2 diabetes
Cardiovascular disease
Obesity

W - Tungsten is found in igneous rocks at 1.5 ppm; shale at 1.8 ppm; sandstone
at 1.6 ppm; limestone at 0.6 ppm; sea water at 0.0001 ppm; soils at 1 ppm;
marine plants at 0.035 ppm; marine animals at 0.0005 to 0.05 ppm; land animals
at 0.005 ppm (accumulates in heart muscle and teeth at 0.00025 ppm).

Xe - Xenon is found in igneous rocks at 0.00003 ppm; sea water at 0.000052
ppm.

Xenon binds to mammalian hemoglobin and myoglobin which produces an
anesthetic effect.

Y - Yttrium is a “heavy” rare earth element found in igneous rocks at 33 ppm;
shale at 18 ppm; sandstone at 9.1 ppm; limestone at 4.3 ppm; sea water at
0.0003 ppm; soils at 50 ppm; land plants at 0.6 ppm (accumulates in ferns);
marine mammals at 0.1 to 0.2 ppm; land animals at 0.04 ppm (found in
mammalian bone, teeth and liver).

Yttrium enhances normal cell growth and doubles the life span of laboratory
species. Exposure of pregnant mice to Y leads to a rapid placental transfer; 14%
of ingested Y can be detected in newborn mice.

Yb - Ytterbium is a rare earth element found in igneous rocks at 3 ppm; shale
at 1.8 ppm; sandstone at 1.3 ppm; limestone at 0.43 ppm; land plants at 0.0015
ppm; marine animals at 0.02 ppm; land animals at 0.00012 ppm (accumulates up
to 1.3 ppm in bone, teeth and liver).

Exposure of Yb to pregnant mice produces a rapid placental transfer; 14% of
the ingested Yb can be detected in the newborn mice.

Zn - Zinc is found in igneous rocks at 70 ppm; shale at 95 ppm; sandstone at 16
ppm; limestone at 20 ppm fresh water at 0.01 ppm; sea water at 0.01 ppm; soils
at 50 ppm; marine plants at 150 ppm; land plants at 100 ppm; marine animals
at 6 to 1,500 ppm; land animals at 160 ppm (accumulates in mammalian kidney,
prostate and eye).

Zinc was known to be an essential nutrient for bread mold 125 years ago, to
be essential for rats 70 years ago, and essential for humans 40 years ago. Zinc
deficiency produces a wide range of clinical diseases including birth defects and
degenerative diseases of all age groups.

Congenital Birth Defects Associated with Zinc Deficiency:

Down's syndrome

Cleft lip

Cleft palate

Brain defect (dorsal herniation, hydroencephaloceol, cerebral palsy, etc.)
Micro or anophthalmia (small or absent eyes)
Micro or agnathia jaw structure

Spina bifida

Clubbed limbs

Syndactyly (webbed fingers and toes)
Missing limbs and digits

Diaphragmatic hernia (hiatal hernia)
Umbilical hernias (gastroschisis)

Heart defects

===== Screenshot (648) -- Page 761 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Lung defects
Urogenital defects

Benign prostate hypertrophy (BPH, prostate enlargement, etc.)
Severe body odor ("stinky tennis shoe” syndrome, etc.)


Zinc-Deficiency Diseases and Symptoms:

Pica (geophagia, pagophagia, wool eating, hair eating, fingernail eating,
etc.)

Loss of sense of smell

Loss of sense of taste

Infertility

Miscarriage

Birth defects

Failure of wounds and ulcers to heal

Immune system status failure

Poor growth (short stature)

High rate of infant mortality

Hypogonadism (small low functioning testes and ovaries)
Perpetual prepuberty state

Anemia

Alopecia (hair loss)

Acrodermatitis enteropathica (gluten intolerance, parakeratosis, celiac
disease)

Frizzy hair

Diarrhea (secondary to gluten intolerance)

Depression

Paranoia

Oral and peri-oral dermatitis

Weight loss (anorexia nervosa, bullemia, gluten intolerance)

There is 1.4 to 2.3 grams of Zn in the adult human. The liver, pancreas, kidney,
bone and skeletal muscle have the greatest needs and reserves of Zn, lesser
amounts are found in the eye, prostate gland, semen, skin, hair, finger nails and
toe nails.

There are no less than 70 metalloenzymes that require Zn as a cofactor to
function properly. These include carbonic anhydrase, alkaline phosphatase, lactic
dehydrogenase, and carboxypeptidase. Zinc helps to bind enzymes to substrates
by maintaining special and configurational relationships. Some enzymes bind
Zn so tightly that even during severe Zn depletion they can still function. Zinc
participates in the metabolism of nucleic acids and the synthesis of proteins;
Zn is also an integral part of the RNA molecule (Zinc “metallic fingers") and
ipates in cell division and synthesis of DNA. The DNA-dependent RNA
polymerase is a Zn-dependent enzyme, as is thymidine kinase.

Excesses of Cu and Fe and high-phytate diets (common to vegans) will reduce
the availability of dietary Zn. Heavy losses of Zn occurs in sweat; therefore,

parti


unsupplemented athletes and those individuals performing heavy labor are
particularly at risk for Zn deficiency (causing anorexia nervosa, muscle weakness,
pica, birth defects in females, etc.).

2r - Zirconium


found in igneous rocks at 165 ppm; shale at 160 ppm;
sandstone at 220 ppm; limestone at 19 ppm; fresh water at 0.0026 ppm; sea
water at 0.000022 ppm; soils at 300 ppm; marine plants at 20 ppm; land plants
at 0.64 ppm; marine animals at 0.1 to 1.0 ppm; and land animals at 0.3 ppm.

===== Screenshot (649) -- Page 764 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

CHAPTER NINTEEN


Survival of Species

Teach your children what we taught our children. The earth does not
belong to us; we belong to the earth. All things are connected like the blood
which unites one family. Mankind did not weave the web of life. We are but
one strand within it. Whatever we do to the web, we do to ourselves. All
things are bound together.
—Chief Seattle
From a speech on the environment in 1854, attributed to the patriarch
of Duwarnish and Suquamish Indians of Puget Sound

Albert Schweitzer was a musician, philosopher, theologian, physician, and
an example of a polymath. In 1912, using his own money, he established
a clinic in Lambarene, Gabon, in Western Africa. Within nine months more
than two thousand natives had come to see him. Schweitzer gave them
quinine for malaria, digitalis for (congestive) heart disease, and salvarsan
—the first antibiotic—for syphilis. When patients came to him with

strangulated hernias or abdominal tumors, he anesthetized them with
chloroform (performed surgery) and treated their pain with morphine. Albert
Schweitzer brought modern medicine to a small part of Africa.

Toward the end of both of their lives, Norman Cousins, author of
Anatomy of an Illness, met Albert Schweitzer. "At the dinner table of the
Schweitzer Hospital at Lambarene,” wrote Cousins, “! had ventured the
remark that the local people were lucky to have access to the Schweitzer
clinic instead of having to depend on witch-doctor supernaturalism. Dr.
‘Schweitzer asked me how much | knew about witch doctors. | was trapped
by my ignorance. The next day the great doctor took me to a nearby jungle
clearing where he introduced me to an elderly witch doctor.”

“For the next two hours, we stood off to one side and watched,” recalled
Cousins. “With some patients, the witch doctor merely put herbs in a brown
paper bag and instructed the ill person in their use. With other patients,
he gave no herbs but filled the air with incantations. A third category of
patients he merely spoke in a subdued voice and pointed to Dr. Schweitzer.”
On the way back, Schweitzer interpreted what they had seen. The first
group of patients had minor illnesses that would resolve on their on or for
which modern medicine offered little. The second group had psychological
problems treated with “African psychotherapy.” The third had massive
hernias or extrauterine pregnancies or dislocated shoulders or tumors—
diseases (or trauma that) the witch doctor couldn't treat—so he directed
them to Dr. Schweitzer.

Schweitzer described the value of the witch doctor. “The witch doctor
succeeds for the same reason the rest of us succeed,” he said. ‘Each patient
carries his own doctor inside him. They come to us not knowing the truth. We
are at our best when we give the doctor who resides within each patient a
chance to go to work.

===== Screenshot (650) -- Page 766 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

—Paul A. Offit
Do You Believe in Magic?

By the 1600s it had been known for 1,400 years that blood was “created in the
liver, moved outward from the heart toward the extremities, and, in nourishing
the tissues, just disappeared there. The heart was also the source of some sort of
vital spirit, which in some mysterious way had to do with the blood.”


In 1628 British physician and anatomist Dr. William Harvey announced his
discovery of the circulation of the blood, and further reported that the heart was
a simple pump that circulated the blood around the body in some form of closed
circuit.

Harvey laid out his observations of blood circulation in 80 species of animals
in a painstakingly detailed 72-page book written in Latin and titled Exercitatio
Anatomica de Motu Cordis et Sanguinis in Animalbus, which is often shortened to
De Motu Cordis (on the motion of the heart), or DMC. In his book Harvey noted
“(W) pleased some more, others less; some chid and calumniated me and laid to
me as a crime that | had dared to depart from the precepts and opinions of all
anatomists ... What remains to be said upon the quantity and source of the
blood .
myself from the envy of a few, but | tremble lest | have mankind at large for my

. is of a character so novel and unheard of that | not only fear injury to


enemies


Three book-length criticisms were soon lodged against Harvey, the first in
1630, which was published by a Dr. James Primrose, an English provincial
physician and prolific writer. Primrose’s book, with a title longer than Harvey's
(that ended in adversus Guilielmum Harveum) was a “collection of misreadings,
misunderstandings, and misstatements” that were easily recognized by a casual
reader.

Robert Willis, the translator of DMC wrote in 1878 that Primrose’s book
was full of “obstinate denials, sometimes of what may be called perversions of
statements involving matters of fact, and in its whole course appeals not once to
experiment as a means of investigation” to resolve the controversy.

Primrose wrote, “Thou has observed a sort of pulsatile heart in slugs, flies,
bees, and even in squill-fish (a species of shrimp). We congratulate thee upon
thy zeal. May God preserve thee in such perspicacious ways . .. Those who mark
in thy writings the names of so many and diverse animals will take thee for the
sovereign investigator of nature and will believe thee to be an oracle seated upon
the tripod . .. | speak of those who are not physicians and have a smattering of
the science. But if we read the works of real anatomists, such as Galen, Vesalius,
the illustrious Fabricius and Casserius, we see that they have provided us with
engraved plates representing the animals they have dissected. As for Aristotle, he
made observations of all things and no one should dare contest his conclusions.”

Because of a lack of appropriate technology, Harvey struggled with the
question regarding the theorized and unseen connections between the arteries
and veins. Four years after Harvey's death, Marcello Mallpighi, an Italian
physiologist was able (with an improved microscope and special stains) to
demonstrate that arterial blood does not simply “leak into the tissues, to be
collected somehow by the veins,” as was commonly believed. His microscopic
studies demonstrated very clearly that there were “capillaries” and that these tiny
blood vessels that were of such a small diameter that they could only accept one
red blood cell at a time, and in fact they connected the arterial blood stream to
the veinous blood stream. Robert Willis stated, "The circuit was, finally, complete,
and Harvey could rest in peace.”

During the medieval times, physicians had only a limited number of ways
to asses what was happening inside of the living patient. Medical laboratories
were not yet commercially available, so they were limited to their senses and

===== Screenshot (651) -- Page 768 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

observations to arrive at a diagnosis. One generally used technique was the visual
and taste examination of a patient's urine. Doctors who examined urine were
affectionately referred to as “piss-prophets.”

Piss-prophets recorded the color and taste of the urine (i.e, the sweet taste
indicated diabetes; ammonia odor indicated liver disease; clear colorless urine
indicated malabsorption, etc.). In many cases the physician would have the
patient or servant taste the patients urine.

Physicians additionally listened to and attempted to translate the sounds
(such as thumping, wheezing, whistling, and crackling, etc.) that were generated
inside the belly and chest cavities.

In 1761 Dr. Leopold Auenbrugger, a German physician, proposed a method to
convert the passive listening technique into a proactive technique. His theory was
to tap or percuss the patient's chest and belly and interpret the echo.

Auenbrugger was able to record and list his interpretation of these percussion
echoes:


dull sound indicated chest congestion, and the duller the return sound,
the more severe was the state of the congestion. Auenbrugger knew he had made
a significant landmark improvement in the diagnostic techniques for the medical
practitioner, although he had no thoughts of becoming a legend or medical hero:
“in making public my discoveries, | have not been unconscious of the dangers |
must encounter, since it has always been the fate of those who have illustrated
or improved the arts and sciences by their discoveries to be beset by envy, malice,
hatrid, destruction and calumny.”

Ignaz Philipp Semmelweis, who was from what is now the city of Budapest,
initiated his medical studies in the medical of Vienna, but he was treated badly by
fellow students, so he returned home to finish his training. The environment of
primitive facilities and poorly-skilled professors at the University of Pest caused
Semmelweis to return to Vienna to complete his studies.

In 1846, by the time Semmelweis turned 28, he was engaged as an assistant

to the director of the First Obstetrical Clinic at Vienna's Allgemeines Krankenhaus
(General Hospital). This was a major teaching hospital in “the most forward-
looking city in Europe, and it featured the largest lying-in clinic in the world.”
There was an extremely high death rate (13 to 30%) recorded in the women
giving birth in the clinic. High death rates were not unusual in European lying-
in clinics, and for three years, beginning in 1773, disease ravaged the lying-in
hospitals of Europe, reaching a peak in the Lombardy region of northern Italy


where “for an entire year, not one woman survived after giving birth in such a
hospital.”

The cause was nearly always “puerperal fever" (also called childbed fever), a
ferocious infection that blazed up in the mother’s body of the newly-delivered
infant and raged through it like a wildfire, killing within days or even hours.
Physicians theorized that childbed fever was caused by overcrowding, noxious air
(‘miasma"), an epidemic disease, or “cosmic emanations.”

In the Second Obstetrical Clinic, another obstetrical wing of the same hospital,
the death rate was only two percent. The first clinic was functioning as a
teaching hospital for medical students and the second was a teaching hospital
for midwives. Semmelweis noted that pregnant women who had mistakenly been
admitted to the First Clinic, would drop to their knees and beg to be transferred
to the Second Clinic and be delivered by midwives. Physicians regarded the
staggering death rate in the First Clinic an “intellectual exercise.” One hardened
professor wrote, “The physician should be judged by the extent of his knowledge
and not by the number of his cures. It is the investigator, not the healer, that is to
be appreciated in the physician.”

The hospital originally opened in 1794, Medical students did not perform their
own autopsies and dissections until 1822. It was soon after the awarding of these
dissection privileges that the gruesome death rate began. Semmelweis began to
suspect that cleanliness, or the lack of it, was related to childbed fever.

===== Screenshot (652) -- Page 770 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Between 1742 and 1758 Sir John Pringle, physician-general to the British
army, published papers on antisepsis, infection, putrefaction, fever, and
contagion, which he forwarded to the Royal Society. In 1752 he actively
promoted the “gospel of cleanliness” in his Observations on the Diseases of the
Army. Medical historian Roy Porter, noted that, while Pringle’s writings were not
original, they “captured the Enlightenment concern for hygiene, public health and
the value of life.”

In 1843 Oliver Wendell Holmes, an American jurist, physician, and writer
proposed that infection was the etiology of childbed fever. He described how the
infection was “being carried by attendants from bed to bed as rat killers carry
their poison from one house to another.”

‘Semmelweis finally came out and said it, “The hands of the students and
the faculty went from the innards of a postulant corpse almost directly into a
woman's lacerated uterus—the raw surfaces left in the mother's uterus after her
child is delivered.”

In 1858 Semmelweis had his first scientific article published, The Etiology of
Childbed Fevers, which appeared in a Hungarian medical journal. In 1860-61,
Semmelweis, published his “magnum opus" The Etiology, the Concept and the
Prophylaxis of Childbed Fever.

In Great Feuds in Medicine, Hal Hellman wrote, “By the middle of 1862,
Semmelweis began having what would be described as clinical depression
alternating with moments of elation—while he was still able to carry out his
responsbilities, he had obvious pre-senile dementia and moments of bizarre
behavior.”

In his last weeks of life, "Semmelweis was tricked into going to a Viennese
asylum by being told that he was being taken to visit the laboratory of his old
friend Ferdinand von Hebra. The three physicians who signed the involuntary
commitment papers (required by law) were not trained as psychiatrists, and

there were no records showing that they consulted a psychiatrist; there was no
record to show that a priest had been requested to administer the final rites
and sacraments; and the autopsy record noted major traumatic injuries to the
head and body that could only have been sustained during a fatal beating—
‘Semmelweis was dead at age 47.”

Claude Bernard was born on July 12, 1813, in the village of Saint-Julien, in the
wine growing region of Beaujolais. As a teenager his family apprenticed him out
to a pharmacist as his family could no longer afford to pay for his schooling.

After failed attempts at play writing, Saint-Marc Girardin, a literary critic,
suggested that considering Bernard's pharmacy experience, he should consider
the study of medicine. By 1839 Bernard was interning at the Paris municipal
hospital where he published a large and beautifully illustrated volume on
operative surgery in collaboration with a colleague, M. Huette.

Barnard’s deeper interest leaned towards anatomy and physiology, anatomy
being a science that was well-advanced, well-illustrated, and well-respected;
however, the science of physiology was a strange mix of theory, myth, and few
experimental facts. Physicians would deduce the functioning of a tissue or organ
from its anatomy without experiment. For example, oxygen, which had been
discovered a century earlier, was known to be a required factor for combustion,
and because it was inhaled into the lungs, early physiologist believed that the
lungs were the place that sugar is burned to produce heat and energy. It took
years of experimentation and publication for Barnard to switch from the support
of the theory to showing that energy was produced in all tissues. E. J. Georget,
a French physiologist was moved to say, “Nutrition was not a function because it
lacks a specific organ (system).”

Vitalism remained a catch-all for the explanations of the functions of life itself,
any physiological event that was not understood was held up as an example of
the “vital force” which allowed the question to go unanswered.

===== Screenshot (653) -- Page 772 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

From 1841 to 1844, Bernard was responsible for the duties of preparateur for
Francois Magendie, who was performing vivisection experiments in the medical
school of the College de France. Bernard noted, “So soon as an experimental
physiologist was discovered he was denounced; he was given over to the
reproaches of his neighbors and subjected to annoyances by the police.” The
weight of the antivivisection opposition to live animal research plagued Bernard
for his entire life—it even impacted his married life. Between 1844 and 1847,
Bernard was introduced to and married Marie Francois Martin, the daughter of
a Parisian physician, who came along with a dowry which enabled Bernard to
continue his research. However, this pursuit left him little to live on.

Unfortunately, his wife “was not prepared, as he was, to live on narrow means,
in order that the world might be richer. The life of a prosperous physician's
wife would have been much more to her taste.” To complicate matters, Madame
Bernard and one of their daughters spent a considerable portion of their time and
funds in antivivisection activities.

Bernard's research included studies of the physiology of the nervous system,
the cerebrospinal fluid, and the location of oxidation in mammals, which led to
the understanding of tissue respiration and metabolism and the physiology of
digestion. He has been credited with being the first researcher to perform cardiac
catheterization to extract samples of blood from a specific vein (the inferior vena
cava) by inserting a tube via the jugular vein in the neck and through the heart
into the vena cava.

Bernard is also credited with being the first to keep an organ alive separated
from the body by feeding it with needed substances. This is now a commonly
employed technique termed “perfusion.”

Bernard studied the physiological effects of curare, carbon monoxide, opium,
strychnine, and anesthetics. These chemicals were used to study the functions
of enzymes and nerves. Through these studies Bernard coined the theory of

“internal environment,” as a state in which “all vital mechanisms, however varied
they may be, have only one object, that of preserving constant the conditions
of life in the internal environment.” This revelation led the eminent Scottish
physiologist J. S. Haldane to remark about Bernard's words, saying, "No more
pregnant sentence was ever framed by a physiologist.”

Bernard's theory of internal environment had far-reaching consequences. In
1929 it led an American, Walter Cannon, to develop the theory of “homeostasi


the physiological process that maintains the body's systems in balance in spite of
wide fluctuations in both the internal and external environment.

Bernard proposed two theories to support his internal environment concept.
One is that “internal secretions” or hormones, which are produced by the ductless.
glands (pituitary, thyroid, adrenal, testes, ovaries, islets of Langerhans, etc.). The
second was about the nerve control over blood flow.

Wallach was a member of the National Science Foundation site visit
committee and coauthor of the 1968 Animal Welfare Act that provides for the
humane protection and handling of all laboratory, farm, and pet animals, which
includes proper space, diet, and care for them, and required the presence of a
properly trained veterinarian to be the director of all medical animal research
facilities to prevent repeats of past abuses.

Prior to the mid-1880s, no physician had ever cured a disease, causing the
medical profession to be held in low esteem, and which produced searing jokes
and nasty comments. The periodical Judge stated at that time, “It is to the credit
of the intelligence of the medical profession that they do not often make the
mistake of taking their own medicines.” A month later, in another issue of Judge,
it was said that, “Five times as many ambitious women take to medicine as to
law. This contradicts that generally-received idea of the sex that they delight in
scandals and qurrels, but abhor cruelty and killing.”

===== Screenshot (654) -- Page 774 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

The public was clamoring for help with their personal health problems
because the official medical system had failed them. This environment attracted
“patent medicines,” some of which were simply a home brew in a bottle with a
“Dr. Feel Good" type of label and were sold off the tailgate of wagons. Others
were old family recipes that worked, such as that produced by Lydia Pinkums
alled “Lydia Pinkums’ Vegetable and Herbal Extract for Women's Complaints,”
which was marketed in newspapers for PMS, dysmenorrhea, amenorthea,


menopausal symptoms, and infertility.

Pinkums was a Quaker missionary and had used an ancient Native American
herbal recipe as the basis of her patent medicine that was sold through
newspaper and magazine adds. This herbal product worked so well the Harvard
Glee Club sang songs of her abilities to solve the problems of American women
and she became an American icon.

During this same period the press was on the constant look out for exciting
headlines to sell newspapers. They would embellish health treatment stories that
seemed to work (especially if the huckster would slip the reporter or editor a $20
gold piece). Then there were stories about treatments for serious life threatening
diseases that actually worked, such as for the disease of rabies.

The bite of a rabid animal was of great concern. Once the victim began
showing signs of the disease, the inevitable litany of horrible symptoms and
death was as predictable as gravity. Until Pasteur’s treatment came along, the
primitive attempts at a cure included the “firing” of the bite wound with a red-
hot poker, which was a traditional medical approach to treating open wounds and
to stop bleeding. Sometimes, by dumb luck, the victim survived the bite and the
cauterizing treatment, and sometimes they didn’t, and the patient died of the
shock of the treatment and/or the ugly and painful symptoms of rabies.

Pasteur's new rabies treatment brought hope to people all over the world,
even in the remote areas of America where people were illiterate. Others would

read the breaking news out loud in the church or the town square, shouting
“EXTRA! EXTRA!" And newspapers sold “like hotcakes.”

Doctors were looked at differently as a result. The community excitement over
the successful rabies treatment and the news coverage was so “in your face”
that surviving patients became heroes too. Four young children of an American
working class family were sent to Paris on a clipper ship after being horribly
bitten multiple times by a rabid dog.

The newspapers, both in America and Europe, reported the ongoing saga. The
boys’ photographs and names were in bold print on the front page. Thousands
of straining listeners in America followed the story, and when the boys returned
home, thousands flocked to attend performances to hear the boys tell their tale.

Equally as amazing as the story that the boys had lived was that the
name shouted out as the conquering hero was not a physician. The name
of the man was Louis Pasteur who was a wine chemist! Pasteur had already
captured the imagination of the academic world and the general public for his
work in fermentation and for his destroying the old theory of “spontaneous
generation” as the cause of disease by replacing it with the “germ theory”
that microorganisms caused disease—not bad air. Pasteur was trained in basic
chemistry, crystalography, and was known in the commercial world for saving the
wine, beer, milk, and silk industries through a shelf-life process named after him
called “Pasteurization.” He was also known throughout the livestock industry for
developing vaccines for the prevention of chicken cholera and anthrax, which had
nearly destroyed the French poultry and cattle industries.

Pasteur’s wildly successful treatment for rabies was not the first to use
inoculation. Edward Jenner, using techniques that he had learned from milk
maids and slaves, was able to prevent small pox. This was prevention, not a cure,
and people began yelling for a cure for all infectious diseases including typhus,

===== Screenshot (655) -- Page 776 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

typhoid fever, pneumoni


, plague, cholera, diphtheria, and syphilis—a medical
revolution against infectious disease had begun in earnest!

One of Pasteur's biographers referred to him as “the most perfect man who
has ever entered the kingdom of science . . . within the limits of humanity, well-
nigh perfect.” The Encyclopedia Americana even today states: “His discovery that
most familiar diseases are caused by germs is the most important in medical
history and one of the main foundations of modern medicine.” More than 100
research institutions are named for him.

Geison, a revisionist historian at Princeton University said: “In controversy,
(Pasteur's) combative self-assurance could be devastating to the point of cruelty.
He so offended an opponent, an eighty-year-old surgeon, that the latter actually
challenged him to a duel—which, happily for both, never took place.”

Due to this “combustible combination,” Pasteur’s wide range of interests and
abilities, contentious personality, and complete faith in his abilities, he found
himself embroiled in philosophical wars on many fronts. Some were quite serious,
and like Bernard he faced the combined mighty armies of chemists, physicians,
naturalists, and antivivisectionists.

During one speech, Pasteur had asked, “Where .. . will you find a young man
whose curiosity and interest will not immediately be aroused when you put into
his hands a potato, when with that potato he may produce sugar, with that sugar
alcohol, with that alcohol ether and vinegar?”

Pasteur was describing the process of fermentation, which proved to be a
pivotal moment in his career. When one understands the importance of bread and
wine throughout human history it is seen that both require passage through the
process of fermentation. Throughout time bakers, winemakers, and brewers had
made their livings from fermentation, but did not actually understand what was
happening. The prevailing theory even up until the mid-19th century was that the
process of fermentation was the result of an inanimate chemical reaction.

Pasteur's investigations of yeast and bacteria provided the first complete
and correct insight that fermentation was produced by the activities of living
organisms.

Baron Justus von Liebig, “an arrogant, influential German chemist with a
worldwide following and impeccable reputation,” compared Pasteur's biological
theory of fermentation and putrefaction to “the opinion of a child who imagined
that the rapid current of the Rhine depended on the movement of the many
wheels on the mills on the Main River, which sent the waters towards the city of
Bingen.” Liebig was so stubborn and arrogant that he even refused to look into a
microscope to view living microorganisms.

In the late 1870s, a famous physician was speaking on the subject of childbed
fever at the Academy of Medicine in Paris as he utilized formidable volumes of
Greek and Latin terminology to explain the cause of childbed fever as a metabolic
disorder. Abruptly, from the rear of the lecture hall came, “The thing that kills
women with childbed fever—it isn’t anything like that! It is you doctors who carry
deadly microbes from sick women to healthy ones.” The shout came from Pasteur
and once again he was up to his neck in controversy and at odds with a thousands
year old theory!

Victor Robinson noted, “As severe as been the criticisms of Pasteur by
naturalists and chemists, it was nothing compared with the enmity which greeted
him when he came among the doctors . .. When Pasteur presented facts, their
answer was: Monsieur, where is your MD?"


his writing of The Origin of Species, Charles Darwin (a polymath) forever
changed our concept of the world’s creation and its evolution.

===== Screenshot (656) -- Page 778 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Never has a scientist been so favored by fortune. Darwin came from a line
of gifted intellectuals, with great wealth on both sides of his family. He went to
the best schools but was a mediocre student. Though he struggled with studies
in medicine, and later in his studies to prepare for the ministry that his father
insisted on, Darwin was rescued by a professor's recommendation that he serve as
the scientist on the HMS Beagle.

He set off on the five-year voyage, and by the time they reached the
Galapagos Islands, he wrote that “we seem to be brought near the great fact—the
mysteries of mysteries—the first appearance of new beings on this earth.”

Yet Darwin kept postponing publication of his groundbreaking theory because
he feared society's—and his wife's—disapproval. Only when Darwin realized that
another eminent scientist, Alfred Russel Wallace, was pursuing similar ideas and
was about to publish them did Darwin race to produce a popular treatment of the
theory.

Paul Johnson, Darwin's biographer, stated in his book Darwin: Portrait of a
Genius, “In what we have seen to be a remarkably lucky life, this was the greatest
stroke of good fortune he enjoyed. The Origin of Species sealed Darwin's fate as
the discoverer of the theory.”

The physical crystalline structure of proteins had been mapped out by Linus
Pauling just before Rosalind Franklin was hired at King’s College, London in 1951.
The brief period leading up to the announcement of the double helix should have
been a race between two scholarly teams: Watson and Crick from the Biophysics
Unit of Cavendish Laboratory at Cambridge, England, and Wilkins and Franklin at
King's College, London.

Had Wilkins and Franklin been able to get along and collaborate they would
have gone down in history as the discoverers of the double helix. The physical
chemist and the physicist had both entered the strange new world of biophysics.

The scientific question of the day was". . . proteins seem to do so many things

in the body; could they also be the carrier of heredity? Some scientists thought so.
Others suspected the real carrier was a different chemical substance also found in
cells: deoxyribonucleic acid, or DNA.”

Pauling had reported that the strength of protein molecules was related to a
“helical spine” consisting of alternating phosphates and sugars, which supported
a series of small molecules referred to as “bases.” It was these bases that made
proteins so reactive and gave them the ability to transmit information. Pauling
posited that DNA was a triple helix, however one could not see the structure with
a light microscope or even an electron microscope, as the structure was too small
and too fragile to survive the preparation process.

Pasteur's early research with crystals “demonstrated a connection between
the crystalline structure of a molecule and the chemistry of a biological
molecule.” At the turn of the 20th century, Sir William Henry Bragg, using the fact
that X-rays have a considerably shorter wave length than visible light, created
a method to employ the regular anatomy of atoms in crystalline molecules
to diffract X-ray beams. The process produced a distinctive “finger print” of
each individual molecule on a film plate. Bragg's son, William Lawrence Bragg,
cooperated with and supported his father's research and the two men ultimately
shared the 1915 Nobel Prize in physics.

Wilkins had previously done some basic research on crystallography as an
undergraduate; however his primary interests were those of a physicist and his
work encompassed the tobacco mosaic virus that required some X-ray studies.
At the same time, Franklin was invited to King's to set up an X-ray diffraction
laboratory to study DNA. Franklin was told in writing that, “. . . as far as the
experimental X-ray effort is concerned, there will be at the moment only yourself
and Raymond Gosling and a graduate student from Syracuse” and from that
moment she believed that the project was hers.

===== Screenshot (657) -- Page 781 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

In the fall of 1951 Franklin was producing streams of X-ray defraction data, at
the same time that Wilkins returned with several DNA samples he had acquired
in New York. One of the plates produced by Franklin from these DNA samples
showed that DNA was a helical structure. When Wilkins looked at Franklin's plates
and noted verbally that it showed that DNA was a helical structure, Franklin,
according to historian Robert Olby, “snapped at Wilkins, and (retorted) with . .
Don't interpret my data for me!” Little came immediately from Franklin's data,
but it was to become the seed of discovery for Watson and Crick one and a half
years later.

Crick and Watson met for the first time early in October of 1951. Crick was a
graduate student working towards his PhD at Cambridge, where he was doing X-
ray diffraction studies on polypeptides and proteins. James Watson was 12 years
younger than Crick, although he had received his PhD from Indiana University
by the time he was 22 years old studying bacterial phages (viruses). However, he
knew little about DNA.

On November 21, 1951, Franklin and Wilkins gave a update on their X-ray
diffraction studies at a King’s College colloquium. This data that Watson and Crick
later used was presented by Franklin. Using Watson's understanding of Franklin’s
data, Watson and Crick instantly produced a helical model of DNA and they
invited Franklin and Wilkins, amongst others, to view it and render their opinions.
Franklin, who by then had created her own model, “blasted” the Watson and Crick
model and gave a tongue lashing to both Watson and Crick.

Watson and Crick both made an offer that both groups should collaborate
on the DNA project but the King's group “spurned the offer.” Early in 1952
Franklin produced a progress report, which Watson and Crick were able to see.
Franklin, theorized that “


the bases faced inward and were held in place by the
phosphate backbone." Franklin's proposal was to prove “an explosive finding,”
but not immediately.

Another quirk complicated the story. The four bases paired up repeatedly:
adenine bound to thymine and guanine bound to cytosine. This observation
was reported and published in 1949 by Erwin Chargaff, an Austrian-American
biochemist. In May 1952 Chargaff visited Cambridge and met Watson and Crick,
and while there, he brought up his 1950 publication, and he was surprised to find
out they had never read his paper.

After Chargaff exposed Watson and Crick to his work on the base-pairing of
DNA, Crick noted, “Well, the effect was electric, yet, he also argued that the key
discovery, the exact nature of the two base pairs, was Watson's, and that ‘he did
this not by logic but by serendipity’. . . he was looking for something significant
and immediately recognized the significance of the correct pairs when he hit upon


them by chanc

By the fall of 1952, Linus Pauling was preparing a paper on DNA while at
the same time Pauling's son Peter was working in the same laboratory with
Watson and Crick! Peter Pauling begins to get detailed letters from his father
from Caltech in Pasadena, California, detailing his own work. It was obvious that
a three-way race was on between King's College, Cambridge, and Pauling at
Caltech.

Hal Hellman in Great Feuds in Medicine: Ten of the Liveliest Disputes Ever
tells us that Pauling's passport was taken away in 1952 because “Pauling was
suspected of being a leftist, this in the glory days of Joe” and he was on his way to
view Franklin's material in London at a Biophysics Committee progress report to
the Medical Research Council. According to Watson in his book The Double Helix:
A Personal Account of the Discovery of the Sturcture of DNA Crick learned of the
report from Wilkins and inquired if they could see the report when Watson and
Crick saw the report, . . . Watson noted, “he would treat me almost as a fellow
collaborator rather than a distant acquaintance .. . (Then he told me that) Rosy
had evidence for a new three-dimensional form of DNA . .. When I asked what

===== Screenshot (658) -- Page 783 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

the pattern was like, Maurice went into the adjacent room to pick up a print of the
new form they called the ‘B’ structure.

The instant | saw the picture my mouth fell open and my pulse began to
Race...”

This was the iconic photo, number 51, that Franklin had produced in May, and
which was the pivotal piece in the ultimate discovery. It is thought that Franklin
never knew that Watson had seen the plate, and she didn’t know that Watson
and Crick had additionally viewed her earlier data that clearly outlined the double
helix with the bases in the center.

On April 25, 1953, in the British journal, Nature, a 900 word article was
published titled “A Structure for Deoxyribose Nucleic Acid,” and that introduced
the world to the “double helix” structure of DNA.

The authors, James Watson, an American, and Francis Crick, an Englishman,
were immediate heroes. Now, the basics of genetic information coding, and the
ability to pass the information on to the next generation, was known—"all of the
body's genetic secrets were suddenly opened for study at the molecular level.”

The medical world now had the tools to, “attack many of its challenges from
below—challenges that include not only obvious hereditary diseases like Down's
syndrome and hemophilia, but such problems as cancer, heart disease, and aging
as well. Much of what is exciting in biology today—cloning, genetic therapy, DNA
vaccines, mapping out the human genome—harks back directly to this work.”

For their part in the discovery and publishing the structure of DNA as a double
helix, three men: James Watson, Francis Crick, and Maurice Wilkins were jointly
awarded the Nobel Prize in physiology or medicine in 1962.

The Nobel Prize ceremony, officiated by Professor A. Engstrom of the Royal
Caroline Institute, highlighted the “profound effect that the discovery has had on
all areas of biology . .. He highlighted the artistic nature of the molecule and the
creative thinking of the three discoverers who were being honored.”

However, Hellman, in Great Feuds in Medicine, reminds us that "Hovering
about, was the ghost of a young woman {Rosalind Franklin}—a dedicated, even
heroic, scientist who had died four years earlier, and who, some claimed, deserved
at least as much credit (for identifying the double helix structure of DNA) as
the three honorees. It was, in fact, on the basis of Rosalind Franklin's highly
specialized X-ray (defraction) studies that the final discovery was made.”

On March 5, 1978, Emory University released the news that a verified case of
oy covered by Dr. Joel D. Wallach in a young rhesus
monkey that had been raised for NASA—the first case of non-human cystic
fibrosis to be identified.

fibrosis had been


“This appears to be the first animal model of cystic fibrosis, and we're excited
about its implications,” said Drs. Joel Wallach and Harold McClure, veterinary
pathologists at the Yerkes Regional Primate Research Center.

The release went on to say, “Since cystic fibrosis is thought to be a genetically
(transmitted) disease, there is a possibility that the parents or relatives of the
affected monkey (are carriers) and can have additional offspring with cystic
fibrosis.”

The discovery came as Dr. Wallach, assistant veterinary pathologist at the
Yerkes (Regional Primate Research) Center, was performing a routine autopsy
on a six-month old male rhesus monkey that had died of unknown causes. He
noticed pancreatic disease and bronchial mucus production; evaluation of the
tissue later under the microscope revealed “a classic textbook case” of cystic
human medical literature, the Yerkes scientist said.

Studies of tissue from other organs confirmed that the monkey was indeed a


victim of cystic fibrosis, Dr. Wallach said. Dr. Wallach’s diagnosis was confirmed

===== Screenshot (659) -- Page 785 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

by Dr. Victor Nasar, an Emory pediatric pathologist at Atlanta's Grady Memorial
Hospital and by Dr. John Easterly, pathologist at the Chicago Lying-in Hospital,
who is a national authority on cystic fibrosis. They said that the affected animal
was bred in a colony of rhesus monkey supported by the National Aeronautics
and Space Administration for studies pertaining to the U.S. space program.

“We have here a classic example of serendipity,” said Drs. Wallach and McClure.
As a footnote to the news release Dr. James A. Peters, medical director of the
Cystic Fibrosis Foundation, which has its headquarters in Atlanta, commented:
“We eagerly await the results of Dr. Wallach’s studies because of the importance
of an animal model to both basic and clinical research on cystic fibrosis.”

He noted that Dr. Wallach would participate in a May 25-26 workshop in
Bethesda, MD, on the animal model for the study of cystic fibrosis which will
be jointly sponsored by the U.S. National Institutes of Arthritis, Metabolism, and
Digestive Disease and the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation.

On March 22, 2013, James Watson spoke at the Salk Institute and the
University of California, San Diego, on the status of genetic engineering, gene
sequencing, and the Human Genome Project (of which he was the first director).
It was to be a 60-year update on the anniversary of the 1953 DNA structure
revelation announcement in the journal Nature. Interestingly enough, this was
exactly the 35-year anniversary of Emory University's announcement of Wallach’s
discovery of the first non-human case of cystic fibrosis.

As a result of Emory's March 5, 1978, news release, a flurry of news articles
appeared throughout the United States:

The Tuscaloosa News — March 6, 1978

Cystic Fibrosis Finding Is Hailed

ATLANTA (AP) - A routine autopsy of a young rhesus monkey which
revealed what is believed to be the first known case of cystic fibrosis in
a nonhuman provides a “great boon" to researchers seeking a cure to the
disease .

Since cystic fibrosis is believed to be genetic, doctors say there is the
possibility that the parents or relatives of the affected monkey could
produce other offspring with cystic fibrosis.

The center said the discovery came as Wallach, an assistant veterinary
pathologist at the center, was performing a routine autopsy on a six-month
old male rhesus monkey that had died of unknown causes.

Wallach said he noticed pancreatic disease and bronchial mucus
production and under a microscope the tissue revealed “a classic textbook
case" of cystic fibrosis” as pictured in human medical literature.

The diagnosis was later confirmed by other authorities, including Dr.
John Easterly, pathologist at the Chicago Lying-in Hospital, who is a
national authority on the disease.

The Telegraph, March 7, 1978


Cystic Fibrosis Uncovered in Monkey Aids Research

ATLANTA (AP) - A routine autopsy of a young rhesus monkey revealed the
first known case of cystic fibrosis in a nonhuman and provided a “great
boon" to researchers seeking a cure to the disease.

===== Screenshot (660) -- Page 787 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

“This appears to be the first animal model of cystic fibrosis, and we are
excited about its implications,” said Drs. Joel Wallach and Harold McClure,
veterinary pathologist at the Yerkes Regional Primate Research Center at
Atlanta's Emory University, where the discovery was made.

The Albany Herald, March 7, 1978

Breakthrough Reported In Cystic Fibrosis Fight

ATLANTA (AP) - A routine autopsy of a young rhesus monkey which
revealed what is believed to be the first known case of cystic fibrosis in
a nonhuman provides a “great boon” to researchers seeking a cure to the
disease scientists say.

“This appears to be the first animal model of cystic fibrosis and we're
excited about its implications,” said Drs. Joel Wallach and Harold McClure,
veterinary pathologists at the Yerkes Regional Primate Research Center at
Atlanta's Emory University, where the discovery was made.

The result of the Emory March 5, 1978 news release created a heady


environment where everyone was initially excited and anticipated more detailed
information of the cystic fibrosis discovery at the upcoming laboratory animal
meeting May 25-26, 1978 at the NIH headquarters in Bethesda, MD.

Dutifully Wallach forwarded the requested abstract of his presentation. By this
time Wallach had learned the cause of the cystic fibrosis in the rhesus monkey,
an iatrogenic (doctor caused) selenium deficiency and included the information
in the presentation abstract. In the middle of April, 1978 Wallach was abruptly
terminated from his post and uninvited from the NIH meeting in May.

Wallach, self published his paper on cystic fibrosis and appeared in Bethesda,
MD, on the appointed day and handed out 100 copies as the researchers entered
the hall, which forced the NIH to allow Wallach to give his presentation as he had

been listed on the program that had been mailed out to all of the attendees.

Dr. John Troxel, a fellow University of Missouri graduate of the school of
veterinary medicine, funded a news release to bring the general public up to date,

which produced another round of heady days with the media:

The Telegraph-Herald, August 24, 1978

Scientist Upsets Cystic Fibrosis Theory

NEW YORK (UPI) - A maverick scientist who found that a mysterious
sickness in five monkeys was cystic fibrosis Thursday upset the theory
the disease is an inherited disorder - and raised the possibility that
environmental factors are the cause.

Dr. Joel D. Wallach of St. Louis said he traced the first finding of the
ailment in a primate colony to dietary factors—“supplemental feeding with
large amounts of polyunsaturated oil which interfered with normal cell
metabolism of the trace elements selenium and zinc, plus vitamin B>.”

It happened late last year at the Yerkes Primate Center in Atlanta and in
a colony of research monkeys involved in unrelated investigations for the
National Aeronautics and Space Administration.

The chance finding, said Wallach, led him to try to produce the disorder
in other monkeys through dietary manipulation.

“I think proper investigation could show that cystic fibrosis could be
caused, reversed or prevented, “Wallach said.

===== Screenshot (661) -- Page 789 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

He said the later experiments were not endorsed by the Center and
that the monkeys were removed from his area and then he was fired for
attempting the research.

Wallach’s theory says cystic fibrosis occurs prenatally when the mother
is deficient in certain trace elements and postnatally when the baby's diet
is disordered.

The traditional theory holds cystic fibrosis is genetically transmitted and
seen only in humans.

It is fatal in the majority of cases in infancy. Fewer than half of those
who survive beyond that stage live beyond the age of 21

The Pittsburgh Press, August 25, 1978
Monkey Study Links Diet, Cystic Fibrosis

NEW YORK (UPI) - A maverick scientist who found a mysterious sickness
in five monkeys was cystic fibrosis has upset the theory the disease is an
inherited disorder — and raised the possibility that environmental factors
are the cause.

Dr. Joel Wallach of St. Louis said yesterday he traced the first finding of
the ailment in a primate colony to dietary factors - “supplemental feeding
with large amounts of polyunsaturated oil which interfered with normal
cell metabolism of the trace elements selenium and zinc, plus vitamin B,....

The chance finding, said Wallach, led him to try to produce the disorder
in other monkeys through dietary manipulation — a route he said is needed
to test his theory.

“| think proper investigation could show that cystic fibrosis could be

caused, reversed or prevented,” Wallach said. “And | want to share this
information with open-minded physicians and scientists.”

He said the later experiments were not endorsed by the primate center
and that the monkeys were removed from his area and then he was fired for
attempting the research.

“1 was fired on March 5, 1978 with just hours notice,” he said.

Wallach’s theory says cystic fibrosis occurs prenatally when the mother
is deficient in certain trace elements (such as selenium) or postnatally when
the baby’s diet is disordered . ..

The traditional theory holds cystic fibrosis is genetically transmitted and
is seen only in humans. It occurs in one of every 2,500 births and is marked
by sticky substances and lesions in the lungs, liver, (pancreas) and other
vital organs.

Sarasota Herald-Tribune, August 26, 1978

Researcher Is Fired

Theory On Cystic Fibrosis Is Disputed

NEW YORK (UPI) - A chance finding of cystic fibrosis in research monkeys
upsets theory that the disorder is inherited and raises the possibility that
environmental factors are the cause, a St. Louis scientist has reported.

Dr. Joel D. Wallach told a news conference he traced the first finding of
the ailment in the primates to dietary factors - “supplemental feeding with
large amounts of a polyunsaturated oil which interfered with normal cell
metabolism of the trace elements selenium and zinc, plus vitamin B,

===== Screenshot (662) -- Page 791 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS


Wallach said other scientists had confirmed that the lesions he found consumption of polished rice and that fresh vegetables and fruit, rich in vitamin
late last year in the sick animals at Yerkes Primate Research Center in C, could prevent and reverse the disease that had caused the death of more than
Atlanta were similar to those seen in (human) cystic fibrosis. two million of British and Japanese sailors; and similar to the deaths of millions

The veterinary pathologist said he was attempting to cause the disorder of people all over the world from beriberi and pellagra, doctors all over the world
in another group of primates at Yerkes, where he was assistant pathologist, continued to look for the “germ” when it was widely known that these diseases
when word of his work got to his superiors. were related to the consumption of high corn and polished rice diets, in fact

“was fired on May 5, 1978 with 24 hours notice,” he said. deficiencies of vitamins 8, and B, respectively; doctors all over the world, even

“Before that | was starting to get some success when my monkeys were after the discovery of the relationship of cystic fibrosis to a selenium deficiency in
removed from my area. | do not know what happened to them.” primates, continue to look for the “genetic connection" for cystic fibrosis when it

“There is no question that this is an interesting theory,” Dr. Harold is caused by the combination of a gluten intolerance and a deficiency of selenium
McClure said when reached by phone. He is the pathologist at Yerkes and and can be prevented and cured with the supplementation of all 90 essential
was Wallach's boss. nutrients with a special emphasis on the trace mineral selenium—as a result of

“It has not been proved or disproved, but | have no intension of pursuing their self-serving arrogance, millions of children all over the world have died of
it” cystic fibrosis since 1978 unnecessarily.

Dr. James Peters, Scientific Director of the National Cystic Fibrosis A year and a half after Wallach’s termination from Yerkes in May of 1978,
Foundation, said, “Wallach has a hypothesis that has not been rigorously the denials and lies of the Yerkes staff and the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation
tested by scientific methods. He is attempting to explain observations became extremely aggressive and they prevented Wallach from getting a position
without any scientific backup.” as a pathologist anywhere in the U.S. At this point, what should have been

Wallach received his doctor of veterinary medicine degree in 1964 from encouragement to prove that the initial findings of cystic fibrosis in the five
the University of Missouri in Columbia. Sponsoring his trip to New York monkeys were not a fluke, Yerkes, Emory University and the Cystic Fibrosis
and Thursday's news conference was a classmate Dr. John F. Troxell, a Foundation invested their energy and reputation in the attempt to destroy
veterinarian from Flossmoor, IL, who said, “he thinks the theory is worth Wallach and any future investigation—history it seems was repeating itself.

investigating.”

‘At this point, much in the same manner as the British naval doctors, who Times Daily, D ber 1, 1978.

im i mber .
scoffed at the idea that scurvy was connected to diet and continued to look for jes Daily, December 1,
the “germ” that caused scurvy, even after it was widely known for more than a

hundred years that scurvy was caused by some dietary problem related to the Yerkes Center Denies Finding Disease Cure

===== Screenshot (663) -- Page 793 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

ATLANTA (UPI) - The director of the Yerkes Primate Center Tuesday denied
the claim of a St. Louis veterinary pathologist that the center (Wallach) had
discovered a cure for cystic fibrosis.

Dr. Frederick A. King said the prestigious center had never even looked
for a cure for the disease, one of childhood’s deadliest.

“Unfortunately, there is no known cure for cystic fibrosis," said King.
The national headquarters of the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation in Atlanta also
issued a denial the disease could be prevented or cured.

Dr. Joel D. Wallach held a news conference at Northwestern Memorial
Hospital in Chicago last weekend to announce that medical science
(Wallach) had found the answer to cystic fibrosis.

Wallach said, “The disease (cystic fibrosis), long thought to be a genetic
disorder, is caused by a deficiency during pregnancy (and the early post
natal period) and can be prevented and cured. He said it also could
be prevented by a proper diet and autopsies and tests of thousands of
monkeys (their exaggeration) at the Yerkes Primate Research Center in
Atlanta supported his theory.

King said Wallach was assistant pathologist at Yerkes in 1977-78 and
that during that time the death of one monkey revealed lesions of the
pancreas resembling those of cystic fibrosis (in 1978, cystic fibrosis experts
including Drs. Victor Nasar, Emory University and John Easterly, Chicago
Lying-in Hospital, and Robert Beale, the national Cystic Fibrosis Foundation
had all confirmed that the disease found in the initial monkey were in fact
cystic fibrosis). He said that whether this single case (there were positive
cystic fibrosis biopsies of five additional cases from the same colony)
represents or is even similar to cystic fibrosis in humans “remains to be
proven.”

King said a few other monkeys housed in the same area were evaluated,


ke
pathology in these animals (Dr. King’s statement is an absolute lie, classic

“but there was no verifiable evidence of pancreatic or cystic fibrosi

pancreatic lesions of cystic fibrosis were found in all five biopsies and
the inclusion bodies found in the liver of these monkeys, classic for cystic
fibrosis from the liver were magnified 126, 000 times through an electron
microscope and the electron photomicrographs became the cover picture
of Wallach’s book, Rare Earth: Forbidden Cures)."

The Yerkes director said that contrary to Wallach’s claim that thousands
of monkeys (their exaggeration) were used in cystic fibrosis research at
Yerkes, “no such research on cystic fibrosis has been carried out here.
Consequently, we have no evidence of any kind at the Yerkes Center to
support his beliefs.”

At his news conference, Wallach said, “the disease was caused by a lack
of selenium, a trace element, during the first three months of pregnancy
or in the first months postnatal. It can be prevented,” he said, “and also
cured.”

Eugene Register-Guard, December 3, 1978

Doctor claims he’s found cure for cystic fibrosis

CHICAGO (UPI) - Cystic fibrosis, a deadly disease of children, long thought
to be a genetic disorder, actually is caused by a nutritional deficiency during
pregnancy and can be cured, a researcher said Saturday.

Dr. Joel D. Wallach, a St. Louis veterinary pathologist, said the disease is
caused by a lack of selenium, a trace element, during the first three months
of pregnancy. He said cystic fibrosis can be prevented by proper diet and

===== Screenshot (664) -- Page 795 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

supplementation of all 90 essential nutrients with a special emphasis on
the trace element selenium and can be cured - by surgery in some cases
and selenium in others.

Wallach said he has been called a “snot-nosed horse doctor” by
geneticists (and medical doctors) because he refuted the 40-year theory
that cystic fibrosis is a genetic disorder.

Cystic fibrosis is found in one of every 2,500 children born in the United
States. The disease is usually fatal in infancy. Fewer than half its victims
live beyond age 21. CF is characterized by defects in the pancreas, male
genitals, lungs and small intestine.

Wallach says the key to its prevention and cure is selenium, a trace
element found in liver, eggs, kidneys and some varieties of high selenium
rice.

“Normal selenium levels in pregnant women will prevent CF,” Wallach
said, and tests on thousands of monkeys (their exaggeration) have shown
the disease is 100 percent curable when diagnosed within 30 days of birth
{actually cure can be accomplished in teenagers and young adults).

He (Wallach) began his work on his theory in 1977 when the disease
—long thought to affect only humans—was discovered by Wallach, in five
biologically unrelated monkeys at the Yerkes Primate Research Center in
Atlanta, where he worked.

CF symptoms in the five monkeys were traced by computer to a
deficiency of the trace elements selenium and zinc, and of vitamin B,.

Saraota Herald-Tribune, Sunday December 3, 1978.

Diet Called Key to Cystic Fibrosis

CHICAGO (UPI) - Cystic fibrosis, a deadly disease of children, long thought
to be a genetic disorder, actually is caused by a nutritional deficiency during
pregnancy and can be cured, a researcher said Saturday.

Dr. Joel D. Wallach, a St. Louis veterinary pathologist, said the disease is
caused by a lack of selenium, a trace element, during the first three months
of pregnancy. He said cystic fibrosis can be cured - by surgery in some cases
and with selenium in others.

Wallach said he has been called a “snot-nosed horse doctor” by
geneticists (and doctors) because he refuted the 40 year theory that cystic
fibrosis is caused by a genetic disorder.

“It's mind-boggling that this is true,” Wallach said of his nutritional
theory at a news conference at Northwestern Memorial Hospital. “But
nothing has said tilt. Everything keeps reinforcing this (selenium deficiency
as a cause of CF)...”

He began his work on his theory in 1977 when the disease—long
thought to affect only humans—was discovered (by Wallach) in five
biologically unrelated monkeys at the Yerkes Primate Research Center in
Atlanta, where he worked.

CF symptoms in the five monkeys were traced by computer to a
deficiency of the trace elements selenium and zinc, and vitamin B,.

Following the revelation that a selenium deficiency caused the
childhood disease cystic fibrosis, Wallach continued to investigate selenium
deficiency disease in humans. A selenium deficiency could produce liver
necrosis (death), liver cirrhosis, pancreatic disease (i.e,, CF, pancreatitis,
etc.), hypertrophic cardiomyopathy heart disease (in humans, in China,
known as “Keshan disease” and in animals known as “mulberry heart

===== Screenshot (665) -- Page 798 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

disease”), white muscle disease in animals (aka: muscular dystrophy in
humans), etc.

After his marriage to Dr. Ma Lan, in 1985, a micro-surgeon who had
done research and taught surgery at the Harvard school of medicine,
Wallach visited mainland China, Dr. Ma Lan’s native country. In their travels
through China, Wallach learned that 13 per 1,000 children in Keshan
Provence died of a selenium-deficiency hypertrophic cardiomyopathy heart
attack each year and the WHO recognized Keshan Disease as a selenium-
deficiency disease.

Although it was believed that cystic fibrosis was an iconic example of
a simple Mendelian genetically-transmitted disease and primarily occurred
in white Europeans, Wallach reasoned that if selenium deficiency was in
fact the cause of cystic fibrosis, then, there would have to be some of
the Chinese kids who died of Keshan disease who would also have cystic
fibrosis!

In 1987, Wallach and Lan, in a study funded by Wallach’s mother and
arranged by Ma's parents, they went on a tour through Keshan Provence
and with the cooperation of Harbin Medical University and in collaboration
with researchers at Harbin Medical University, Wallach and Ma showed
very clearly that hitherto unrecognized pancreatic, liver, lung and muscle
lesions occurred in 35% (595) of 1,700 Chinese children who had died of
documented Keshan Disease, the endemic cardiomyopathy heart disease
occurring in low-selenium regions of China.

Other researchers have since drawn attention to the aberrant oxygen
radical activity and the low selenium and antioxidant status in CF patients.
It is now also agreed that selenium deficiency may develop in children
leading to CF because of a digestive malabsorption (gluten intolerance)
or after prolonged total parenteral nutrition. In addition, a case of

cardiomyopathy in a CF patient caused by a selenium deficiency has been
described.

The treatment of CF patients with selenium and antioxidant vitamins
has also been tested in a human clinical trial:

“In cystic fibrosis (CF) patients, the antioxidative-oxidative balance is
chronically disturbed. Free radicals were generated by bronchialpulmonal
infection and additionally (there) exists a deficiency of antioxidative
substances by enteral malabsorption especially of vitamin E and selenium.
For CFpatients, therefore, we recommend a sodium selenite substitution
therapy, best in combination with vitamin E."

On March 22, 2013, the headlines of the Union-Tribune newspaper, from San
Diego stated, “(Gene sequencing is not) the solution. The solution is good (bio)
chemistry,” and the story went on to say, “Nobel laureate James Watson ... tells
Salk audience gene sequencing to cure cancer (and other diseases is) mostly
irrelevant.” Watson continued, “Sequencing genes isn’t proving to be particularly
useful in fighting diseases such as cancer (and diabetes).”

To maximize man's potential for health, longevity, productivity and spirituality
we must widen our horizons. The medical system has failed humanity fearfully
— to the point that the longest


ed peoples on earth are the ones who did not
ine.”


engage or employ “modern me
By “dumb luck," the healthiest and longest lived peoples in the world chose to
live in places that had optimal levels of raw materials (i.e, the essential minerals)
necessary for man to flourish and be long-lived and be productive.
In 2004 a Forbes magazine article stated that the average American
billionaire's life span was 78 years of age and none had ever lived to be 100 years.

===== Screenshot (666) -- Page 800 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Ina follow-up survey in 2011, Forbes recorded a whopping 12-year drop in the
average life span of billionaires to 66 years of age, and Steve Jobs, Apple founder,
had died at 56 years of age—10 years short of the average!

As a group, billionaires spend more for health care and fitness than any other
group of people, yet they fall far short of the human capacity for longevity
because they invest in the opinions of a “highly respected” medical doctor
rather than investing in the raw materials necessary for the maintenance and
maximization of health and longevity.

In May 2013 the National Geographic published a cover story “This child will
live to be 120 years of age.” The article pointed out that the longest living
and healthiest peoples, were primitive peoples who were legendary for not
having access to modern western medicine. They had no electricity, no access to
physicians, health insurance, clinics, or hospitals, and they lived in thatched roof
huts with dirt floors. The general conclusion of the article was that the long
healthy lives of these people were “either due to genetics or simple dumb luck.”
We will bet on the dumb luck, which allows us to collect information regarding
the raw materials obtained by these people, which, can then be imported into
each home, and then all humans can have the same health and longevity
benefits.

In August of 2013 it was reported that Carmelo Flores Laura, an illiterate
‘Aymara Indian from Bolivia actively working as a sheep herder at 13,000 feet
elevation, was listed by the Guiness Book of Records as the oldest living person
ever documented at 123 years of age. He lives in a thatched roof, mud floored hut
without utilities in an isolated hamlet near Lake Titicaca. He tends his sheep on
the side of a mountain without the aid of a cane, walker, or wheel chair.

The veterinary industry tripled the life span of dogs over the last 60 years.
Sixty years ago, an old dog was eight years old. Today, in 2013, an old dog
is twenty-five years of age. Veterinarians have eliminated 900 diseases in dogs

that still plague people, and veterinarians have eliminated all birth defects in
dogs that still plague humans. The animal industry didn’t do these wondrous
things in the animal industry with organ transplants, wonder drugs, stem cells,
or genetically engineered proteins. The miracles were produced simply and
economically by perfecting the nutritional value of over-the-counter dog food.

There are three principals that must be practiced to the level of an obsession
if we are to maximize the optimal health, longevity, and productivity of an
individual and their progeny and by doing these things we will assure the survival
of the human species:

1.Eliminate acute and chronic damage, both self inflicted and
environmental (grow as much of your own organic food as possible).
A. Consume as much organic food, non-GMO food, and fresh foods
as possible.
B, Store and have available as much freeze-dried organic food and
non-GMO food as possible—include a servi


in each meal—get
used to it!

C. Drink clean water (slightly alkaline: ie., 7.5 to 8.5), however, do
not drink alkaline water during meals as it will neutralize the
essential acid environment of the stomach.

D. Avoid the consumption of processed meats containing nitrates
and nitrites and gluten-laden fillers (e.g., deli slices, sandwich
meats, sausage, bologna, salami, pepperoni, jerky, hamburger
patties, meatloaf, meat balls, canned meats, etc.)

E, Work on being as gluten free as possible, especially if you have
symptoms of a gluten intolerance—you are not what you eat—
you are what you absorb.

===== Screenshot (667) -- Page 802 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

F.Avoid all sources of trans-fatty acids, heterocyclic amines
and acrylamides (e.g., oils, burnt meats, super-heated
carbohydrates, etc.)

G. Keep sugar (natural and processed) to a minimum.

2.Repair existing cellular, tissue and organ damage through non-
hazardous and supportive nutritional and _non-pharmaceutical
methods.
A. Except for emergencies of great magnitude, avoid doctors as
much as possible. Refer to the trilogy of books Let's Play Doctor,
Let's Play Herbal Doctor, and Passport to Aroma Therapy by
Wallach and Ma for self-treatment of minor emergencies and
self-treatment approaches to chronic diseases.
B. Avoid surgery as much as possible except for emergencies of
great magnitude. Always employ non-invasive tissue supporting
methods first. Give self-help 90 days.

3. Establish an ongoing preventive maintenance and repair program by
employing an optimal diet and daily supplementation with all 90
essential nutrients and herbs as medicines when appropriate.

A.Employ what might be considered “alternative”. or

“complimentary” medicine preferentially to avoid unnecessary

damage.

Ancient


tary Traditions

Food, diet and dietary restrictions appear to be the first and perennial basics
of ancient attempts at proactively controlling health and longevity. Initially,
traditional Chinese medicine (TCM), Ayurvedic medicine, and Naturopathic

medicine based their dietary recommendations on the belief that “you are what
you eat.” Today we know (Wallach) that “you are what you absorb.”

These early healers knew that the proactive pursuit of certain diets and the
avoidance of certain substances, foods and plants would contribute to a more
energetic, healthy and longer life.


Medici


Ayurve ie

Ayurveda, is a holistic system of health and longevity that began in India,
and is thought to be the world’s oldest system of natural medicine. Ayurvedic
medicine is believed to be the early scientific map that birthed Egyptian, Chinese,


Greek and Persian medicine. The term "Ayurveda" is derived from veda, meaning
knowledge or science, and ayus, meaning life or life span, combined to mean
science of life or knowledge of life span. Ayurveda delivers preventative medicine,
promoting wellness by the support of mental, emotional, and physical strength.
Ayurvedic medicine sprang from the historical Hindu philosophy and spiritual
practices that embraced the “Vedas,” which were initially practiced more than
5,000 years ago, The Vedas were a collection of the ideas and practices of the holy
‘men of ancient India. It is thought that these practices were “divine wisdom” that
were employed in the four categories of human conduct including:


1, Self-knowledge
2. Cosmology of the Universe
3. A path to God

4. Physical health

A large cadre of medical scholars, believe that Ayurvedic medicine is the oldest
natural health and healing system. This system is based on prana, which is a “vital.

===== Screenshot (668) -- Page 804 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

energy” thought to be required for the maintenance of health and life itself. In
the Ayurvedic system, all are blessed with prana. However, it must be protected,
maintained, and renewed by each individuals actions, including dietary choices.

‘An essential practice for the replenishment of prana is a collection of
breathing exercises referred to as pranayama and air is believed to be made up of
the vital energy of prana.

Ayurveda also teaches that each being is composed of the five basic elements
of the universe:

Air

Water

Earth

Fire

Space

Ayurveda teaches that the combination and pattern of these primary
elements that individuals are born with is the “fingerprint” of each individuals
“constitution.”

In an effort to understand how the human functions, the Ayurvedic system
combines the elements into three groups called doshas:

Vata (space and air) - “light and airy"; governs the nervous system;
indicative of an active, alert personality type;

Pitta (fire and water) - “flowing fiery”; governs the digestive system;
indicative of an aggressive, can-do personality type;

Kapha (earth and water) - slow and strong; governs the bones, muscles, and
healing; indicative of a steady, tranquil personality type.

In Ayurvedic medicine, vata, pitta, and kapha are employed in the same
manner as Western medicine pigeon holes people into body types known as

ectomorph (vata); endomorph (pitta); and mesomorph (kapha). By contrast,
Ayurvedic medicine also places psychological, emotional, and spiritual value to
each dosha category.

Matching Your Diet to Your Dosha

The Ayurvedic belief of a “personal constitution” is a significant feature of it’s
nutritional and medical philosophy. Ayurveda stresses that each individual must
put conscious effort into living life in accordance with their constitution. Living
contrary to each one’s personality produces an imbalance, a build up of toxins,
disturbances of their main dosha, and eventually a deterioration of their health.

Diet is a significant factor in maintaining balance, personal harmony, and
health according to the Ayurvedic tradition.

The Primary Ayurvedic Personality Types

vatta air & space)
“Slender & ight bald
Energy in bursts. Walks
Quickly, aways moving
‘Sxétabilty, changing moods

Pitta fie & water Kapha (water & earth)


Hot, shop, ght Hea cad, oly

Medium strength and Energy is steady
endurance

Irtable when stressed Possessive, forgiving, relaxed
Enthusiasm, woris,

Intense, ambitious Happy with status quo

regular hunger, constipated Strong appetite, cannot skip ats for emotional comfort
meals
Quick to grasp new

Information

‘right intellect Precise speech Slow and graceful stow to
make decisions
Performs activity quickly,

Takes command Enterprising Easy going ad back

Sleep times change, skips ne Deep sleeper, wakes up
meals, insomnia slowly


From Paul Froemming, The Best Guide to Alternative Medicine. 1998

===== Screenshot (669) -- Page 806 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Foods are divided into their “primary tastes" that are “the six tastes":

‘Sweet ~ sugar, milk, butter, rice, bread, pasta
Salty salt

Sour — yogurt, cheese, lemon

Pungent - ginger, cumin, spicy foods

Bitter - green leafy vegetables, turmeric
Astringent — beans, lentils, pomegranates

In Ayurvedic tradition, the main meal of the day must include a serving of each
of the six tastes. Each taste is used to balance or aggravate the individuals dosha.


Six Tastes
Taste that Aggravate Tastes that Balance
Vata Pungent, bitter, astringent Sweet, sour, salty
Pitta Sour, salty, pungent ‘Sweet, bitter, astringent
Kapha Sweet, sour, salty Pungent, bitter, astringent


From Paul Froemming. The Best Guide to Alternative Medicine, 1998

The second feature of the Ayurvedic food guidelines is refered to as the “six
qualities.” They are linked to direct effects that certain foods have on the human
body.

Six Qualities


Heavy — beet, cheese, Oily ~ soybeans, milk,
wheat coconut

Hot ~ eggs, honey, pepper

Light ~ chicken, skim
milk, barley

Dry lentils, honey,
cabbage

Cold ~ mitk, sugar, mint


Through a combining of the six tastes, the six qualities and the three doshas,
each individual can choose which foods will balance or aggravate each body type.

Traditional Chinese Medicine and Food Therapy

In 1933 The New York Times reported the obituary of Professor Li Chung Yun, a
remarkable Chinese man who is said to have died at the age of 256 years. His age
was officially recorded by the Chinese government and confirmed by Professor
Wu Chung Chich, head of the Chang-Tu University. Li was born, lived, and died in
Sichuan Province; Li had outlived 23 wives and was living with his 24th wife at the
time of his death.

Authorities at the Minkuo University displayed records of Professor Li's birth
date of 1677 and on his 150th and 200th birthdays he was congratulated by
the national Chinese government and issued a certificate on each birthdate to


authenticate the event.

Professor Li was an herbalist who grew, prepared, mixed, and sold herbs to his
patients. When Li was asked about his secret and personal practices that led to
his exceptional longevity, he replied: “Keep a quiet heart, sit like a tortoise, walk
sprightly like a pigeon, and sleep like a dog.”

Wallach and Ma would like to know what the
soil that Professor Li lived on and obtained his wood supply for fuel! If Professor


eral analysis would be of the

Li's age was in fact correct, the soil would have to be rich in its rare earth
content ,as rare earths are known to double the life span of laboratory species.

===== Screenshot (670) -- Page 808 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

‘As of May 2012 China's production of rare earths composed 95% of the world's
production and supply.

The Taoist tradition of health and well-being, which is embraced by Traditional
Chinese Medicine, is based on three aspects of life: san bao (three treasures) or
san chi (three marvels). The Taoists believe that every human is born with optimal
amounts of these treasures (telomeres) at birth, and depending on how well they
are managed will determine the individual's health and how long they will live:

Jing - The physical body and its essential fluids are referred to as jing
(essence) or Vitality.

Chi - The vital force that empowers the body and initiates the “life
functions" or energy. Energy is the vital force that consciously and
unconsciously drives and moves every system of the body.

Shen ~ All functions of the mind, consciousness and cognition are combined
in shen (spirit). To the Taoist, spirit, is in the ultimate meaning of all things
is the force of creation.

Vitality or essence (jing) and energy (chi), is evidenced by mental vigor,
immunity and resistance to disease, and sexual potency—the bench mark for
optimal health in the Chinese mind set is vitality (jing-chi).

Traditional Chinese Medicine philosophy looks at food as a significant factor
in an individual's health. The Taoist believes that the quality of one’s diet,
the presence of nutrients in each meal, and the efficiency of digestion and
metabolism play a significant role in the “quality” of the bodies two fluids, or
essences, that they believe form the foundation of life itself: chi (vital energy) and
blood. The Traditional Chinese Medicine concept of health and human physiology
is centered on two organs, the stomach and the spleen, which they believe
transforms food into chi and blood.

According to Traditional Chinese Medicine, the lack of optimal amounts of the
correct foods or an excess of food can negatively impact energy and health. The
failure to consume proper amounts of the correct foods produces a deficiency of
chi and blood, which ultimately causes various organs to fail. An excess of food
produces a stagnation of energy and blood which can result in a stomach disease.

The Taoist nutritional beliefs and science show that inappropriate food choices
have a direct negative effect on health. The Traditional Chinese Medicine view is
that good food contains essential nutrients that transforms chi into blood and
that it also has an impact on the two bioenergetics polarities of the universe—yin
and yang.

Yang foods are stimulating and warm and yin foods are calming and cooling.
Traditionally, foods are selected to balance the yin and the yang functions and
qualities of the body's organs and also yin and yang status outside the body:

Depression (yin) - use yang foods for balance.
Weather (yin: damp and cold) - use yang warming foods that dry the
internal organs.
Fatty greasy foods, alcohol, and sweets produce dampness and heat.
Too much raw food strains the yang of the spleen which produces the condition

of Internal Cold and Dampness which manifests itself as abdominal pain and
weakness.

Traditional Chinese Seasonal Foods

An additional factor in traditional Chinese food choices and food therapy that
have been employed for thousands of years, is the eating of foods that are
produced in specific seasons and months of the year (astrology). The yang foods

===== Screenshot (671) -- Page 810 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

are eaten during the winter for warming, and the yin foods are eaten during the
summer for their cooling effects.

Yang (warming foods) Yin (cooling foods)

Cooked vegetables raw vegetables


Tomato sauce rice

Kidney beans, lentils yogurt

Potatoes tofu

Cooked fish milk

Garlic curry powder

Miso sashimi (raw fish)

Molasses sugar

Cloves salt
Acupuncture

‘Acupuncture is a 4,000-year-old therapy that is used today by 1.5 billion Chinese
and millions of other oriental peoples. Acupuncture therapy is based on the
concept that the human vital energy is distributed to various “points” on and in
the body, and when these points are “blocked!” disease is the result. These points
are thought to be linked to the nerves that connect subcutaneous “meridians”
with the internal tissues and organs. It is believed that acupuncture releases
blocked energy and restores health by inserting needles into specific acupuncture
points and releasing the blockage. Acupuncture is particularly useful for relieving
pain and providing low-risk anesthesia for major surgical procedures including

abdominal, chest and bone surgical procedures.


Naturopathic Physicians

Naturopathic medicine can trace its beginnings to Hippocrates, and similarly
to Ayurvedic medicine and Traditional Chinese Medicine, and is based on the
concept that the human body has a “vital force” that must be managed and kept
in balance to maintain optimal health.

Naturopathic medicine is a holistic approach to health, meaning the body,
mind, and spirit are entities that are of equal weight in managing the state of
health of each individual.

A healthy, balanced lifestyle supported by an optimal diet containing all 90
essential nutrients (usually guaranteed by supplementation) promotes a healthy
self maintaining body. Naturopathic philosophy engenders the belief that the
natural direction of the body's life energy flows towards preserving optimal
health and the cells of all tissues contain the ability to remain healthy, to
duplicate themselves and to resist disease under ideal conditions (homeostasis).

The father of modern naturopathic medicine, Dr. Benedict Lust, a German
physician who immigrated to the U.S. in 1896, was a supporter of the concept
that the body could defend and heal itself when provided with optimal intakes of
all essential nutrients in optimal levels.

Dr. Lust instituted the first modern training program for naturopathic
medicine in New York in 1902. The curriculum consisted of courses in
botanical medicine, nutritional therapy, physiotherapy, psychology, homeopathy,
and naturopathic manipulation including manual manipulation technique and
medical message.

===== Screenshot (672) -- Page 812 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

In the 21st century, naturopathic medicine is the leading proponent, in the
various forms of Western medicine, of healthy diet and optimal supplemental
programs that provide all 90 essential nutrients through the concept of
epigenetics (i.e., most diseases that are thought to be genetically transmitted are
in fact nutritional deficiencies that negatively impact the functions of DNA, RNA,
and enzymes) in order to prevent and reverse most diseases.

The Six Principles of Naturopathic Healing

1. The healing power of nature - the body itself has a natural healing
power, and the physician is required to identify any “blockages” to the
body's own healing powers.

2. Treat the whole person - the body is an intricate web of forces, which
when they are in a harmonious state produce an optimally healthy
body. Disease is considered to be an imbalance in one part or system
that affects the whole. Naturopathic therapy is therefore designed to
support the whole person rather than attacking only symptoms.

3. First do no harm — naturopathic physicians, as primary care physicians
are licensed to perform most medical procedures and prescribe
pharmaceuticals, however, they preferentially use homeopathy, herbal
medicine, nutritional therapies and other non-invasive therapies.

4, Identify and treat the cause of the disease - symptoms are not the
cause of the disease, rather symptoms (i.., fever, pain, elevated blood
sugar, swelling, etc.) are the body's efforts to defend and heal itself.
Usually, the underlying causes of disease are related to the individual's
lifestyle, nutrition, personal hygiene, and emotional state.

5. Prevention is the best cure - the patient is educated on how to eat,
supplement with optimal levels of all 90 essential nutrients, and to
correct their lifestyle and avoid the “bad” things to prevent disease.

6. The naturopathic physician is the patient's teacher - the naturopathic
doctor teaches the patient how to be responsible in all phases of diet,
supplementation, personal hygiene, and lifestyle.

The Basic Tools of Naturopathic Medicine

Nutritional therapy and fasting - the use of diet, supplementation, and
fasting to provide the body with all of the basic raw material it needs to
develop and maintain itself.

Herbal medicine - the use of herbs, plant substances, aromatherapy, spices
and plant based foods as medicines.

Homeopathy ~ the use of homeopathic remedies that employ the “like
treats like” principle.

Hydrotherapy - the use of hot and cold water therapy to stimulate the
immune and circulatory systems.

Naturopathic and chiropractic manipulation - multiple forms of physical
treatment through massage, physiology, and reestablishing normal
alignment.


Chiropractic Medicine

Chiropractic translates to “done by the hand.” Chiropractic theory posits that
many illnesses begin when the vertebrae of the spinal column “subluxate” or slip
out of place or alignment, pinch or compress nerves and thus block the body's
vital energy flow. Chiropractic practitioners work to realign the spinal vertebrae

===== Screenshot (673) -- Page 814 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

by hand and body maneuvers. Chiropractic is most often used for neck, shoulder,
arm, back pain, slipped discs, and other musculoskeletal pain.
There are at least two divisions of chiropractic:

1. Straights - chiropractic practitioners who limit their practice to
manipulation.

2. Mixers - chiropractors who employ chiropractic manipulation,
acupuncture, nutrition, herbs, homeopathy, etc.

Supplementation

Nutritional supplementation is a broad concept that describes the regular dietary
employment of vitamins, minerals, amino acids, essential fatty acids and a wide
scope of food factors (e.g., bioflavonoids, polyphenols, antioxidants, etc.), and
herbs to support optimal health, and to treat and prevent disease.

The general role of vitamins and minerals is their requirement as cofactors
to implement the activity of enzymes, coenzymes, DNA, and RNA. Enzymes
facilitate the activity of metabolic processes in mitochondria and every cell in the
body. Coenzymes support the optimal activity of enzymes.

Enzymes and coenzymes perform by connecting or disconnecting metabolic
molecules by producing or dissolving chemical bonds. The general goal of
nutritional supplementation is to supply the optimal levels of nutritional
cofactors to facilitate optimal metabolic activity of tissue enzyme systems.

Enzymes are typically made up of a protein and cofactors that are vitamins
and or minerals.

DNA and RNA replicate proteins, amino acids, and enzymes for all of the
bodies functions of life, reproduction, and longevity.

If the essential cofactor is missing, the enzyme cannot perform properly, if at

all. Studies have shown that most Americans fail to obtain optimal levels of all
90 essential nutrients: the U.S. government (NHANES 1, I, Ill, and 2007-2008;
10- State Nutrition Survey; USDA nationwide food consumption studies, etc. have
shown that marginal nutritional deficiencies continue to exist in a significant
(50%) number of the U.S. population; and for selected nutrients 80% of U.S.


individuals in targeted age groups took in less than the Recommended Daily
Intake (RDI).

These studies show that most Americans are highly unlikely to take in a meal
ora diet that provides the RDI for all 90 essential nutrients. Subclinical deficiency
is the term used to describe minor or marginal nutritional deficiencies. Subclinical
nutrient deficiencies typically manifest themselves as chronic fatigue, lethargy,
depression, lack of concentration, slow recovery after exercise, etc.

Itis well documented that even an aggressive effort to “eat well” will fall short
in providing all of the essential nutrients in optimal levels. Vitamin levels in food
have decreased by more than 37% between 1950 and 1999, and trace mineral
levels have decreased by 77% between 1940 and 1991.

In April 16, 2012, the well respected journal Food Chemistry reported that
most commercially available infant formulas contain less than 20% of the


minimum daily requirements of dietary minerals and vitamins.
Most investigators fail to grasp the gravity of the situation and blame the

nutrient deficiencies in American food on “synthetic fertilizers’ and “types of


seeds." If fact the deficiencies are caused by three factors:

1. Minerals do not occur in a uniform blanket throughout the earth's
crust— they occur in veins, in much the same manner as chocolate in
chocolate ripple ice cream and plants do not manufacture minerals.

2. The traditional source of the daily renewal of U.S. subsistence farm
soils from plant minerals—aka wood ashes—disappeared shortly after

===== Screenshot (674) -- Page 816 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

3:00 p.m. in the afternoon, Monday September 4, 1882, when


Thomas Edison pulled the switch to start the first commercial electric Vitamin Daily Dose/ Adults and children
generating plant on Pearl St. in New York City. Within ten years over 9 years old
of this event almost all towns and cities in the Industrialized World
converted from wood as the universal fuel to electricity, natural gas, Vitamin A (retinol) 2,500 - 5,000 IU
and propane, effectively eliminating humanity's traditional source of Vitamin A (beta - carotene) 5,000 - 25,000 IU
mineral supplementation from plant minerals that were contained in Vitamin B, (thiamine) 10-100 mg
wood ashes. Vitamin B, (riboflavin) 10-50 mg

3. The annual flooding of rivers reinvigorated soils with minerals that Vitamin B (niacin 10-100 mg
originated in mountains and upstream soils. Classically “bottom land”
. Vitamin B, (pantothenic 25-100 mg
and “flood plains” were the most fertile and most expensive farm ia)
adi
land because of this annual renewal process. The damming of rivers "
to prevent floods and additionally to produce hydroelectric power cut Vitamin B, (pyridoxine) 25-100 mg
off the historical annual renewal of soil mineral levels by flooding and Vitamin By) 400 meg
silt deposition. And another major consequence of damming the great (methylcobalamin)
rivers was to cut off the food supply to the oceans. It's not pollution Vitamin C (ascorbic acid) 250 - 1,000 mg
that is destroying the oceans. Humans simply cut off the food supply to Vitamin D 1,000 - 2,000 1U
the oceans—no silt, no plant life, no little fish, no medium sized fish, no Vitamin E (mixed 4100-20010
large predator fish—oops, Houston, we have a problem! tocopherols)

In practical terms, one cannot estimate to any effective level how much of any Vitamin K, or Ky 60-300 meg
nutrient that might be in an individuals diet. Even vegetarian diets composed of Niacinamide (niacin) 10-30mg
organic fruits and vegetables fall short according to a 2012 meta-study reported Biotin 100 - 300 meg
in The Annals of Internal Medicine with 240 small studies combined. Therefore a an

Folic acid 400 meg
cornerstone of optimal health in the 21st century is a comprehensive nutritional ;

supplementation program that provides all 90 essential nutrients. Choline 10-100 mg

Inositol 10-100 mg


Recommendations for a Daily Multiple Vitamin and Mineral Intake

===== Screenshot (675) -- Page 818 of 936 =====
Bioflavonoids

EPIGENETICS

1,000 - 5,000 mg


Minerals Range for adults and children/100 pounds
Boron 1-6mg
Calcium 600 -1,000 mg
Chromium 200 - 400 meg
Copper 1-2mg
lodine 50-150 meg
Iron 15-30mg
Magnesium 250-500 mg
Manganese 3-5mg
Molybdenum 10-25 meg
Potassium NA

Selenium 100 - 200 meg
Silica 1-25mg
Vanadium 50-100 meg
Zine 15-30mg


INA: The FDA restricts the amount of potassium in supplements to 99 mg. Murray, MT. and Pizzorno, J:
‘The Encyclopedia of Natural Medicine. ed, 2012.

Liquid Plant Derived Coloidal Minerals One Ounce/ 100 pounds/day PPM


Mineral Cone. Mineral Cone Mineral Cone Mineral Cone
Tantalum 0.6 Lutetium = 0.05. Ytterbium 0.2 Thulium 0.02
Erbium 0.1 Holmium 0.1_—Dysrosium 0.5 — Terbium 0.1
Gadolinium 0.1 Europium 0.1. Samarium 0.8 Neodymium 0.8
Praseodymium 0.4 — Cerium 4.0 Lanthanum 2.0 Barium 0.3
Cesium 0.1 Todine o1 Tin 0.03 Cadmium 0.1
Silver 0.2 Molybdenum 0.04 Niobium 0.02 Zirconium 0.2
Yurium 40 Strontium 14.0 Rubidium 0.8 Bromine 0.2
Selenium 0.9 Germanium <0.01 Gallium 0.1 Zine 47.0
Copper 20 Nickel 30.0 Cobalt 9.0. Tron 43.0
Manganese 36.0 Chromium 0.4 Vanadium 0.1 Titanium — 1.0
Scandium 0.1. Calcium —Agm/L Potassium = igm/L Chlorine 80
Sulfur Igm/L Phosphorus 12.0 Silicon Igm/L Magnesium 1gm/L
Sodium Igm/L Flourine 5.0 Boron 02 Beryllium 0.1
Lithium 100

The Peart

Failure to be obsessive about health, survival, and longevity, and failure to

provide all of the 90 essential nutritional necessities of an optimal, healthy life

for ourselves will, over time, result in the disappearance of man. We can and

will become extinct if we fail to employ our intellect. We do have access to
the knowledge and the materials to be a “successful species.” However, if we

“choose poorly,” the end will surely come for us as it has for other careless and

uncommitted species.

===== Screenshot (676) -- Page 821 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Glossary

A

AAA ATPase family A group of proteins that couple hydrolysis of ATP with large
molecular movements usually associated with unfolding of protein substrates or
the disassembly of multisubunit protein complexes.

ABC superfamily A large group of integral membrane proteins that often
function as ATP-powered membrane transport proteins to move diverse
molecules (i.e., phospholipids, cholesterol, sugars, ions, peptides, etc.) across
cellular membranes.

Acetyl CoA The entry compound for the Krebs cycle in cellular respiration;
formed from a fragment of pyruvate attached to a coenzyme.


Acetylch
to receptors and altering the permeability of the postsynaptic membrane to
specific ions, either depolarizing or hyperpolarizing the membrane.

1@ One of the most common neurotransmitters; functions by binding

Acid A substance that has a pH below 6.99 and that increases the hydrogen ion
concentration in a solution.

‘Acrosome An organelle at the tip of a sperm cell that helps the sperm penetrate
the ovum’s outer membrane.

Actin A globular protein that links into chains, two of which twist helically about
each other, forming microfilaments in a muscle and other contractile elements in

cells,

Action potential Rapid, transient, all-or-none electrical activity propagated in the
plasma membrane of excitable cells (i.e., neurons and muscle cells) as the result
of the selective opening and closing of voltage-gated Na+ and K+ channels.

Activation energy The input of energy required to (overcome the barrier to)
initiate a chemical reaction, By reducing the activation energy, an enzyme
increases the rate of a reaction.

Activator Specific transcription factor that stimulates transcription.

Active site Specific region of an enzyme that binds a substrate molecule and
promotes a chemical change in the bound substrate.

Active transport The movement of a substance across a biological membrane
against its concentration or electrochemical gradient, with the help of energy
input and specific transport proteins or an electrochemical gradient driven by the
coupled hydrolysis of ATP.

Adaptive peak An equilibrium state in a population when the gene pool has allele
frequencies that maximize the average fitness of a population's members (ie.,
eugenics).

Adenosine Triphosphate (ATP) See ATP


Adenylyl cyclase One of several enzymes that is activated by the binding of
certain ligands to their cell-surface receptors and catalyzes formation of cyclic
AMP (cAMP) from ATP; also called adenylate cyclase.

Adhesion receptor Protein in the plasma membrane of animal cells that binds
components of the extracellular matrix, thereby mediating cell-matrix adhesion.
The “integrins” are major adhesion receptors.

===== Screenshot (677) -- Page 823 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Adrenal gland An endocrine located adjacent to the kidney in mammals;
composed of two separate glandular zones; an outer cortex, which responds to
endocrine signals in reacting to stressors and effecting salt and water balance;
and a central medulla, which responds to nervous inputs resulting from stressors.


Aerobic Containing oxygen; referring to an organism, environment, or cellular
respiratory processes that require oxygen.

Aerobic oxidation Oxygen-requiring metabolism of sugars and fatty acids to CO,
and H,0 coupled to the synthesis of ATP.

Agonist A molecule, often synthetic, that mimics the biological function of a
natural molecule (i.e., hormones, etc.)

AIDS (acquired immunodeficiency syndrome) The name designation of the
“mutated!” or late stages of HIV infection; defined by a specific reduction of T cells,
and the appearance of characteristic secondary infections.

Aldehyde An organic molecule with a carbonyl group located at the end of the
carbon skeleton,

Aldosterone An adrenal hormone that acts on the distal tubules of the kidney to.
stimulate the reabsorption of sodium (Na+) and the passive flow of water from
the filtrate.

Alga (pleural, algae) A photosynthetic, plant-like protist.

Allantois One of four extra-embryonic membranes; serves as a repository for the
embryo's nitrogenous waste.

Allele One of two or more alternative forms of a gene. Diploid cells contain two
alleles of each gene, located at the corresponding site (locus) on homologous
chromosomes.

Allometric growth The variation in the relative rates of growth of various parts of
the body, which helps to shape the organism.

Allosteric site A specific receptor site on an enzyme molecule remote from the
active site, Molecules bind to the allosteric site and change the shape of the active
site, making it either more or less receptive to the substrate.

Allostery Change in the tertiary and/or quaternary structure of a protein induced
by binding of a small molecule to a specific regulatory site, causing a change in
the protein's activity.

Alpha (a) carbon atom (C) In amino acids, the central carbon atom that is bonded
to four different chemical groups (except in glycine) including the side chain, or R
group.

Alpha (a) helix A spiral shape constituting one form of the secondary structure of
proteins, arising from a specific hydrogen-bonding structure.


Alternative splicing Process by which the exons of one pre-mRNA are spliced
together in different combinations, generating two or more different mature

mRNAs from a single pre-mRNA.

Alveolus (pl. alveoli) One of the dead end (cul-de-sac), multilobed air sacs that
constitute the gas exchange surface of the lungs; one of the milk-secreting sacs of
epithelial tissue in the mammary glands.

Amino acid An organic molecule possessing both carboxyl and amino groups.
Amino acids serve as the monomers or “building blocks” of proteins.

Amino group A functional group that consists of a nitrogen atom bonded to
two hydrogen atoms; can act as a base in solution, accepting a hydrogen ion and
acquiring a charge of + 1.

===== Screenshot (678) -- Page 825 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Aminoacyl-tRNA Activated form of an amino acid, used in protein synthesis,
consisting of an amino acid linked via a high-energy ester bond to the 3'-hydroxyl
group of a tRNA molecule

Aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases A family of enzymes, at least one for each amino
acid, that catalyze the attachment of an amino acid to its specific tRNA molecule.

Amniocentesis A technique for determining abnormalities in a fetus by the
presence of certain chemicals or defective fetal cells in the amniotic fluid,
obtained by aspiration from a needle trans-dermally inserted into the uterus.

Amnion The innermost of four extraembryonic membranes; encloses a fluid-
filled sac in which the embryo is suspended.

Amniotic egg A shelled, water-retaining egg that enables reptiles, birds and egg-
laying mammals to complete reproductive cycles outside their body on dry land.

Anabolism A process in which energy is employed to support the synthesis of
complex molecules from simpler compounds.

Anaerobic Lacking oxygen; referring to an organism, environment, or cellular
process that lacks oxygen and may be damaged, growth inhibited or killed by its
presence.

Anaphase Mitotic stage during which the sister chromatids (or duplicated
homologues in meiosis |) separate and move apart (segregate) toward the spindle
poles.

Anchoring junctions Specialized regions on the cell surface containing cell-
adhesion molecules or adhesion receptors; include adherens junctions and
desmosomes, which mediate cell-cell adhesions, and hemidesmosomes, which
mediate cell-matrix adhesion.

Androgens The principal male steroid hormones, such as testosterone, which
stimulate the development and maintenance of the male reproductive system
and secondary sex characteristics.

Aneuploidy A chromosomal aberration in which certain chromosomes are
present in extra copies (e.9., Downs syndrome) or are deficient in number, which
deviates from the normal diploid number of chromosomes.

Anion A negatively charged ion.

Antagonist A molecule, often times synthetic, that blocks the biological function
of a natural molecule (for instance, hormones, etc).

Antibiotic A chemical that kills bacteria or inhibits their growth,

Antibody An antigen-binding immunoglobulin, produced by B cells. that
functions as the effector in an immune response.

Ant
recognizes a particular complementary codon on an mRNA molecule.


don A specialized base triplet on one end of a tRNA molecule that

Antidiuretic hormone (ADH) A hormone important in osmoregulation .

Antigen A foreign macromolecule that does not belong to the host organism
and that elicits an immune response. For B cells, an antigen elicits formation of
antibody that specifically binds the same antigen; for T cells, an antigen elicits a
proliferative response, followed by production of cytokines or the activation of
cytotoxic activity.

Antigen-presenting cell (APC) Any cell that can digest an antigen into small
peptides and display the peptides in association with class Il MHC molecules
on the cell surface where they can be recognized by T cells. Professional APCs

===== Screenshot (679) -- Page 827 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

(ie,, dendritic cells, macrophages, and B cells) constitutively express class Il MHC
molecules.

Antiport A type of cotransport in which a membrane protein (antiporter)
transports two different molecules or ions across a cell membrane in opposite
directions.

Apoptosis Programmed cell death brought about by signals that trigger the
activation of a cascade of “suicide” proteins in the cells programmed to die.

Apoptosome Large disc-shaped heptamer of mammalian Apaf-1, a protein that
assembles in response to apoptosis signals and serves as an activation machine
for initiator and effector caspases.

Aqueous solution A solution in which water is the solvent.

Arteriosclero:


A cardiovascular inflammatory disease characterized by the

formation of inner lining hard plaques of mixed substances (e.g., Ca, fibrin,


saturated fats, cholesterol, etc.).

Artery A muscular-walled blood vessel that carries blood away from the heart to
cells, tissues and organs throughout the body.

Artificial selection (ie., selective breeding, eugenics, etc.)The selective breeding
of plants, animals and humans to encourage the concentration of specific
desirable traits.

Assortive mating A type of nonrandom mating in which mating partners
resemble each other in certain phenotypic characteristics.

Atomic number The number of protons in the nucleus of an atom, unique for
each element and designated by a subscript to the left of the elemental symbol.

Atomic weight The total atomic mass, which is the mass in grams of one mole of

the atom.

ATP (adenosine triphosphate) An adenine-containing nucleotide triphosphate
that releases free energy when its phosphate bonds are hydrolyzed. This energy is
used to drive endergonic reactions in cells.

ATPase One of a large group of enzymes that catalyze hydrolysis of ATP to yield
ADP and inorganic phosphate with the release of free energy.

ATP synthase A cluster of several multimeric membrane proteins found in the
mitochondrial cristae (thylakoid membranes of chloroplasts and bacterial plasma
membrane) that function in chemiosmosis with adjacent electron transport.
chains, using the energy of a hydrogen-ion concentration gradient to make ATP.
ATP synthases provide a port through which hydrogen ions diffuse into the matrix
of a mitochondrion.

Atrioventricular valves Valves in the heart that guard the divide between each
atrium and ventricle to prevent a backflow of blood each time the ventricles
contract.

Atrium The upper two chambers of the heart that receive venous blood returning
to the heart.

Autocrine Referring to signaling mechanism in which a cell produces a signaling
molecule (e.g., growth factor) and then binds and responds to it.

Autoimmune disease An immunological disorder in which an individual’s own
immune system turns against itself.

Autosome A chromosome that is not directly involved in determining gender, as.
opposed to the sex chromosomes.

===== Screenshot (680) -- Page 829 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Autonomic nervous system A subdivision of the motor nervous system
of vertebrates that regulates the internal environment. It consists of the
sympathetic and parasympathetic divisions.

‘Axon A typically long extension, or process, that extends from a neuron that
carries nerve impulses away from the cell body toward target cells.

Axoneme Bundle of microtubules and associated proteins present in cilia and
flagella and responsible for their structure and movement.

B cell A type of lymphocyte that develops in the bone marrow, is activated
in the appendix and later produces antibodies, which in turn mediate humoral
immunity. After interacting with antigen, a B cell proliferates and differentiates
into antibody-secreting plasma cells.

Bacteria One of two prokaryotic domains, (i.e., Domain Bacteria) the other being
the Archaea.

Bacteriophage (phage) Any virus that infects bacterial cells. Some phages are
widely used as vectors in DNA cloning.

Barr body A dense structure lying along the inside of the nuclear envelope in
female mammalian cells, representing an inactivated X chromosome.

Base Any compound, often containing nitrogen, that can accept a proton (H+)
from an acid. Also, commonly used to denote the purines and pyrimidines in DNA
and RNA.

Base pair Association of two complementary nucleotides in a DNA or RNA


molecule stabilized by hydrogen bonding between their base components.

Adenine pairs with thymine or uracil (e.g., A-T, A-U) and guanine pairs with
cytosine (G-C).

Benign A non-malignant tumor that is made up of cells that are similar to normal
cells - benign tumors and benign tumor cells remain in the tissue in which they


‘ate, however, on occasion by occupying space they can present a clit
problem,

Beta sheet A flat secondary structure in proteins that is created by hydrogen
bonding between the backbone atoms in two different polypeptide chains or
segments of a single folded chain.

Beta turn A short U-shaped secondary structure in proteins.

Binary fission The type of cell division by which prokaryotes reproduce; each
dividing daughter cell receives a copy of the single parental chromosome.

Biosphere The entire portion of Earth that is inhabited by some form of life; the
sum of all the planet's communities and ecosystems

BLAST A commonly used computer program for comparing the amino acid
sequence of a protein with the sequences of known proteins stored in data bases.
The BLAST program searches can provide insight into the structure, function and
evolution of newly discovered proteins.

Blastocyst Stage of mammalian embryo produced in one week after fertilization
in humans and is composed of =64 cells that have separated into two cell types:
trophectoderm, which will form extra-embryonic tissues, and the inner cell mass,
which gives rise to the embryo, the stage that implants into the uterine wall and
corresponds to the blastula of other animal embryos.

Blastula The hollow ball of cells marking the end stage of cleavage during early
embryonic development.

===== Screenshot (681) -- Page 831 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

c
Calcitonin A mammalian thyroid hormone that lowers blood calcium levels.

Calorie A unit of heat (thermal energy). One calorie is the amount of heat
required to raise the temperature of one gram of water by one degree centigrade;
the amount of heat energy that 1 g of water releases when it cools by one degree
centigrade. The Calorie (with a capital C) usually used to denote the energy
content of a food is referred to asa kilocalorie.

Calvin cycle The primary metabolic pathway that “fixes” CO, into carbohydrates
during photosynthesis; also known as carbon fixation.

Cambrian explosion A burst of evolutionary origins when most of the major
body plans of animals appeared in a relatively brief time in geological history
(Creation?); recorded in the fossil record about 545 to 525 million years ago.

Cancer A generic word used to describe many types of non-genetically
transmitted malignant tumors, the cells of which grow and divide more rapidly
than normal cells, they invade surrounding tissue and can metastasize to other
sites, tissues and organs.

Capsid The outer proteinaceous coating of a virus, formed by multiple copies of
one or more protein subunits, and enclosing the viral nucleic acid.

Carotenoids A form of pro-vitamin A; accessory pigments, yellow and orange,
found in the chloroplasts of plants; by absorbing wavelengths of light that
chlorophyll cannot, they broaden the spectrum of colors that can drive
photosynthesis.

Carbohydrate Broad term for certain non-essential polyhydroxyaldehydes,
polyhydroxyketones, and or compounds derived from these carbon chains having
the formula (CH,O)n.

Carcinogen Any food state (trans fatty acid, heterocyclic amine, and acrylamide),
chemical or physical agent that can initiate/cause a malignant tumor (cancer)
when cells, tissues, organs and organisms are exposed to it.

Caretaker gene Any gene whose encoded protein that cooperates in the
protection of the integrity of the individuals genome by participating in the repair
of damaged DNA. Loss of function of a caretaker gene, as a result of nutritional
deficiencies and or contact with carcinogens, leads to increased mutation rates
and promotes carcinogenesis.

Carrier (genetic) In classic vertebrate genetics, an individual who is heterozygous
at a given genetic locus, with one normal dominant allele and one a potentially
harmful recessive allele. The heterozygote is phenotypically normal for the
character determined by the normal dominant allele, however, they can pass on
the recessive harmful allele to the offspring.

Caspases A class of vertebrate protein-degrading enzymes (proteases) that are
required for the process of programed cell death (apoptosis) and work in a
cascade with each form activating the following form.

Catabolism Cellular degradation of complex molecules to simpler compounds
that produce a release of energy.

Catalyst A substance that increases the rate of speed or efficiency of a reaction
without a permanent change of its structure. Enzymes are proteins with catalytic
activity—ribozymes are RNAs that can function as catalysts.

Cation A positively charged ion.

DNA (complementary DNA) DNA copied from an mRNA molecule by reverse
transcriptase and therefore lacking the introns present in the DNA of the
individuals genome.

===== Screenshot (682) -- Page 833 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Cell-adhesion molecules (CAMs) Proteins in the plasma membrane of cells that
bind with similar proteins on other cells, thereby mediating cell-cell adhesion.
Four major classes of CAMs include the cadherins, IgCAMS, integrins, and
selectins.

Cell cycle The ordered sequence of events in which a eukaryotic cell duplicates its
chromosomes and divides into two daughter cells. The typical cell cycle consists
of four phases: G, before DNA synthesis occurs; S when DNA replication occurs;
G, after DNA synthesis; and M when cell division occurs, yielding two daughter
cells. Under certain conditions, cells leave the cell cycle during G, and remain in
the G, state as non-dividing cells.


Cell di
it involves division of the of the nucleus (mitosis) and of the cytoplasm

ion Separation of a cell into two daughter cells. In higher eukaryotes,

(cytokinesis); mitosis often is used to refer to both nuclear and cytoplasmic
di


ion.

Cell junctions Specialized regions on the cell surface through which cells are
joined to each other or to the extracellular matrix.

Cell line A population of cultured cells, of plant or animal origin, that has


undergone a genetic alterai
Hela cells).

n allowing the cells to reproduce indefinitely (e.g.,

Cell strain A population of cultured cells, of plant or animal origin, that has a
finite life span and eventually dies out, typically after 25 to 50 generations (the
“Hayflick limit").

Cellular respiration The most prevalent and efficient catabolic pathway for the
production of ATP, in which oxygen is consumed as a reactant along with the
organic fuel.

Cellulose A structural polysaccharide made up of a chain of glucose units linked
together by B(1-4) glycosidic bonds.

Cell wall A specialized, rigid extracellular matrix that lies next to the plasma
membrane, protecting a cell and maintaining its shape; prominent in most fungi,
plants, and prokaryotes, however, is absent in most multicellular animals.

Central nervous system (CNS) In vertebrate animals, the brain and spinal cord.

Centriole Either of two cylindrical structures within the centrosome of animal
cells and containing nine sets of triplet microtubules; structurally similar to a
basal body.

Centromere DNA sequence required for proper segregation of chromosomes
during mitosis and meiosis; the region of mitotic chromosomes where the
kinetochore forms and that appears constricted.

Centrosome (cell center) Structure located near the nucleus of animal cells
that is the primary microtubule-organizing center (MTOC); it contains a pair of
centrioles embedded in a protein matrix and duplicates before mitosis, with each
centrosome becoming a spindle pole.

Cerebellum Part of the vertebrate hindbrain (rhombencephalon) located
dorsally; functions in unconscious coordination of movement and balance.

Cerebral cortex The surface of the cerebrum; the largest and most complex part
of the mammalian brain, containing sensory and motor nerve cell bodies of the
cerebrum; the part of the vertebrate brain most changed through evolution.

Cerebrum The dorsal portion, composed of right and left hemispheres, of the
vertebrate forebrain; the integrating center for memory, learning, emotions, and
other highly complex functions of the central nervous system.

===== Screenshot (683) -- Page 835 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Chemical equilibrium The state of a chemical reaction in which the
concentration of all products and reactants is constant because the rates of the
forward and reverse reactions are identical.

Chemical potential energy The energy stored in the bonds connecting atoms in
molecules.

Chemiosmosis Process where an electrochemical proton gradient (pH plus
electric potential) across a membrane is used to drive an energy-requiring process
(ie., ATP synthesis).

Chemokine A variety of small, secreted proteins that function as chemotactic
cues for white blood cells.

Chemotaxis Movement of a cell or organism toward or in opposite directions
from specific chemicals.

Chlorophylls A group of magnesium based light-absorbing green porphyrin
pigments that are required for the process of photosynthesis.

Chloroplast A specialized organelle in plant cells that is surrounded by a double
membrane and contains internal chlorophyll-containing membranes (thylakoids)
where light-absorbing reactions of photosynthesis take place.

Cholesterol A lipid made up of the four-ring steroid structure with a hydroxyl
group on one ring; a component of cell membranes, myelin, precursor of steroid
hormones, bile acids and vitamin D.

Chondrin A protein-carbohydrate complex secreted by chondrocytes; chondrin
and collagen fibers combine to form cartilage and other connective tissues.

Chorionic villus sampling A technique for diagnosing “genetic” and congenital
defects while the fetus is in the uterus. A small sample of the fetal portion of the

placenta is removed and analyzed.

Chromatid A single copy of a replicated chromosome, formed during the S phase
of the cell cycle, that is joined at the centromere to the other copy; also called
sister chromatid. During mitosis, the two chromatids separate, each becoming a
chromosome of one of the two daughter cells.

Chromatin Complex of DNA, histones, and non-histone proteins from which
eukaryotic chromosomes are formed. Condensation of chromatin during mitosis
yields visible metaphase chromosomes.

Chromosome In eukaryotes, the structural unit of the genetic material consisting
of a single, linear double-stranded DNA molecule and associated proteins. In
most prokaryotes, a single, circular double-stranded DNA molecule constitutes
the bulk of the genetic material.

Cilium Short, membrane enclosed structure protruding from the surface of
eukaryotic cells and containing a core bundle of microtubules. Cilia usually occur
in clusters and beat rhythmically to move a single cell organism or to move
particles or fluid along a surface.

Cisterna Flattened membrane enclosed compartments such as the Golgi complex
and endoplasmic reticulum.

Gi
mitochondria in which acetyl groups are oxidized, generating CO, and reduced


acid cycle A set of nine connected reactions that occur in the matrix of the

intermediates used to produce ATP; also referred to as the Krebs cycle and
tricarboxylic acid (TCA) cycle.

Cleavage In embryogenesis, “cleavage” refers to the series of rapid cell
divisions that occurs following fertilization and with little cell growth, producing
progressively smaller cells; cleavage culminates in the formation of the blastocyst

===== Screenshot (684) -- Page 837 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

in mammals or blastula in other animals; also used for the hydrolysis of
molecules.

Clone A population of genetically identical cells, viruses, or organisms that have
descended from a common ancestor, or multiple identical copies of a gene or DNA
fragment generated and maintained through DNA cloning.

Cochlea The spiral-shaped structure in the inner ear containing the organ of
Corti, the sound sensing apparatus.

Condon Sequence of three nucleotides in DNA or mRNA that specifies a particular
amino acid during protein synthesis; also called triplet. Of the 64 possible
codons, three are stop codons, which do not specify amino acids and cause the
termination of protein synthesis.

Collagen A triple-helical glycoprotein, rich in glycine and proline, that is a major
component of the extracellular matrix and connective tissues. The numerous
subtypes of collagen differ in their tissue distribution and the extracellular
components and cell surface proteins with which they unite.

Complement A group of constitutive serum proteins that bind directly to
microbial or fungal surfaces, thereby activating a proteolytic cascade that
culminates in the formation of the cytolytic membrane attack complex.

Complementary Referring to two nucleic acid sequences or strands that can form
perfect base pairs with each other, also describes regions on two interacting
molecules (e.g., enzyme and its substrate) that physically interact as with a lock
and key.

Concentration gradient In cell biology, refers to the difference in the
concentration of a substance in different locations of a cell or embryo or on
different sides of a cell membrane.

Cone cell One of two types of photoreceptors in the vertebrate eye—detects
color during the day.

Contractile bundles Bundles of actin and myosin in non-muscle cells that are
involved with cellular adhesion or cell movement.

Covalent bond Stable chemical force that holds the atoms in molecules together
by the sharing of one or more pairs of electrons.

Crista An infolding of the inner membrane of a mitochondrion that houses the
electron transport chain and the enzyme catalyzing the synthesis of ATP.

Crossing over Exchange of genetic material between maternal and paternal
chromatids during meiosis to produce recombined chromosomes.

Cyclic AMP (cAMP) A second messenger, produced in response to hormonal
stimulation of certain G protein-coupled receptors, that activates protein kinase
A.

Cyclic GMP (cGMP) Cyclic adenosine monophosphate, a ring-shaped molecule
made from ATP, a second messenger in eukaryotic cells, that open cation
channels in rod cells and activates protein kinase G in vascular smooth muscle
and a variety of other cells.

Cytochromes A group of pigmented, heme-containing proteins, some of which
function as electron carriers during cellular respiration and photosynthesis in
mitochondria and chloroplasts.

Cytokine Any of numerous small, macrophage and helper T cell secreted
proteins (such as erythropoietin, G-CSF, interferons, interleukins, etc.) that bind
to cell-surface receptors on blood and immune-system cells to initiate their
differentiation or proliferation.

===== Screenshot (685) -- Page 839 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Cytokinesis The division of the cytoplasm following mitosis to form two
daughter cells, each with their own nucleus and cytoplasmic organelles.

Cytoplasm The viscous contents of a cell that are contained in a plasma
membrane and outside of the nucleus in eukaryotic cells.

Cytoskeleton The network of fibrous elements, consisting primarily of
microtubules, microfilaments, and intermediate filaments, found in the
cytoplasm of eukaryotic cells.

Cytosol The unstructured aqueous phase of the cytoplasm excluding organelles,
membranes, and insoluble cytoskeletal structures.

Dalton Unit of molecular mass approximately equal to the mass of a hydrogen
atom (1.66 x 10°24 g).

Darwinian fitness A measure of the relative contribution of an individual to the
gene pool of the next generation.

Denaturation Drastic alteration in the conformation of a protein or nucleic acid
due to the disruption of many noncovalent interactions caused by heat or the
exposure to a variety of chemicals, which more often than not results in the loss
of biological function.

Dendrite A short, branched projection that extends from the cell body of a
neuron that receives chemical or electrical signals from the axons of other
neurons.

Deoxyribonucleic acid DNA

Depolarization Decrease in the cytosolic-face negative electric potential that

normally exists across the plasma membrane of a cell at rest, that results in a less.
inside-negative or an inside-positive membrane potential.

Determination The “cell fate” in embryogenesis that comits the cell to a specific
developmental pathway.

Development The overall events that involve growth, differentiation, and
organization in which the fertilized egg gives rise to an adult plant, animal, or
human, including formation, growth, polarization, and movements of individual
cell types, tissues, and organs.

Differentiation The process that typically produces changes in gene expression,
by which, a precursor cell becomes a distinct specialized cell form.

Diploid Referring to an organism or cell having two full sets of homologous
chromosomes and thus two copies (alleles) of each gene or genetic locus. Somatic
cells contain the diploid number of chromosomes (2n) characteristic of the
species.

Disaccharide A small carbohydrate (sugar) made up of two monosaccharides
covalently joined by a glycosidic bond.

Disulfide bond (-s-s-) A common covalent linkage between the sulfur atoms on
two cysteine residues in different polypeptides or in different locations of the
same polypeptide.

DNA (deoxyribonucleic acid) Long linear polymer, composed of genetic
information.

DNA cloning Recombinant DNA technique in which specific cDNAs or fragments
of genomic DNA are inserted into a cloning vector (virus), which is then
incorporated into cultured host cells and maintained during the growth of the
host cells (also referred to as gene cloning).

===== Screenshot (686) -- Page 841 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

DNA library Collection of cloned DNA molecules consisting of fragments of the
entire genome (genomic library) or of DNA copies of all the mRNAs produced by
a cell type (cDNA library) inserted into a suitable cloning vector.

DNA polymerase An enzyme that copies one strand of DNA (the template
strand) to make the complementary strand, forming a new double-stranded DNA
molecule. All DNA polymerases add deoxyribonucleotides one at a time in the 5'-
> 3' direction to the 3' end of a short preexisting primer strand of DNA or RNA.

Domain Distinct regions of a protein's three-dimensional structure. A functional
domain exhibits a particular activity characteristic of the protein; a structural
domain is =40 or more amino acids in length, arranged in a specific secondary
or tertiary structure; a topological domain has a distinctive spatial relationship to
the rest of the protein.

Dominant In genetics, the term refers to that allele of a gene expressed in
the phenotype of a heterozygote; the nonexpressed allele is recessive; dominant
also refers to the phenotype associated with a dominant allele. Mutations that
produce dominant alles generally produce a gain of function.

Double helix (DNA) The most common three-dimensional structure for cellular
DNA in which the two polynucleotide strands are antiparallel and wound around
each other with complementary bases hydrogen-bonded.

Dyneins A class of motor proteins that employ the energy released by ATP
hydrolysis to move toward the negative end of microtubules. Dyneins transport
vesicles and organelles, are responsible for the movement of cilia and flagella,
and are instrumental in chromosome movement during mitosis.

Ectoderm The outermost of the three primary cell layers of the animal embryo. It
gives rise to the epidermal tissues, the nervous system, and external sense organs.

Electric potential The energy associated with the separation of positive
and negative charges. An electric potential is maintained across the plasma
membrane of almost all cells.

Electrochemical gradient The driving force that determines the energetically
favorable direction of transport of an ion (or charged molecule) across a
membrane. It represents the combined influence of the ion's concentration
gradient across the membrane and the membrane potential.

Electron carrier Any molecule or atom that accepts electrons from donor
molecules and transfers them to acceptor molecules in coupled oxidation and
reduction reactions.

Electron transport Flow of electrons through a series of electron carriers
from reduced electron donors (ie, NADH) to O, in the inner mitochondrial
membranes, or from H,0 to NADP+ in the thylakoid membrane of plant
chloroplasts.

Embryogenesis Early development of an individual from a fertilized egg (zygote).

Embryonic stem (ES) cells A line of cultured cells derived from very early
embryos that can differentiate into a wide range of cell types either in vitro or in
vivo following reinsertion into a host embryo.

Endocrine A signaling mechanism in which target cells bind and respond to a
hormone released into the blood stream by distant specialized secretory cells
usually present in the form of a gland (i., pituitary, thyroid, ovary, testes,
adrenal, etc.).

===== Screenshot (687) -- Page 843 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Endocytosis General term for the uptake of extracellular material by
the invagination of the plasma membrane (i.e., endocytosis, phagocytosis,
pinocytosis, etc.).

Endoderm The innermost of the three primary cell layers of the animal embryo
wi


gives rise to the gut and most of the respiratory tract.

Endoplasmic reticulum (ER) Network of interconnected membranous located
in the cytoplasm of eukaryotic cells that are contiguous with the outer nuclear
envelope. The rough ER, which is associated with ribosomes, is involved in the
synthesis and processing of secreted and membrane proteins. The smooth ER,
characterized by the lack of ribosomes, participates in lipid synthesis.

Endosome One of two forms of membrane bounded compartments. Early
endosomes (endocytic vesicles) which bud off from the plasma membrane during
receptor-mediated endocytosis. Late endosomes, which have an acidic internal
pH and function in sorting of proteins to lysosomes.

Endosymbiont Bacterium that reside inside a eukaryotic cell in a
mutually beneficial relationship. According to the endosymbiont theory, both
mitochondria and chloroplasts evolved from endosymbionts.

Enhancer A regulatory sequence in eukaryotic DNA that may be located at a great
distance from the gene it controls or even within the coding sequence. Binding
of specific proteins to an enhancer modulates the rate of transcription of the
associated gene.

Entropy (S) A measure of the degree of disorder or randomness in a biological
system - the higher the level of entropy, the higher the level of disorder.

Enzyme A protein that does work by catalyzing a specific chemical reaction
involving a specific substrate or a small collection of related substrates.

Epigenetic A term that refers to a process that affects the expression of specific
genes and is inherited by daughter cells; however, the process does not include a
change in DNA sequence.

Epithelium Sheet-like layer, covering, composed of one or more layers of tightly
adhering cells, on the external and internal body surfaces.

Erythropoietin (Epo) A cytokine that initiates the production of red blood cells
by inducing the proliferation and differentiation of erythroid progenitor cells in
the bone marrow.

Eukaryotes Class of organisms (eukarya) that are composed of one or more cells
containing a membrane-enclosed nucleus, and organelles, that constitute one of
the three distinct evolutionary lineages of modern-day organisms. This includes
all organisms except viruses and prokaryotes.

Exon Segment of a eukaryotic gene that reaches the cytoplasm as part of a
mature mRNA, rRNA, or tRNA molecule.

Extracellular matrix (ECM) A complex interdigitating mesh of proteins and
polysaccharides secreted by cells into the spaces in between each other. It
provides structural support in tissues and organs and can directly affect the
development and biochemical functions of cells.

F

Facilitated (diffusion) transport Protein-aided transport of an ion or small
molecule across a cell membrane down its concentration gradient at a rate
greater than that which can be obtained by simple diffusion.

===== Screenshot (688) -- Page 845 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

FAD (flavin adenine dinucleotide) A small organic molecule that functions as an
electron carrier by accepting two electrons from a donor molecule and two H+
from the solution.

Fatty acid Any of a series of long hydrocarbon chain that has a carboxyl group at
one end. They are employed as a major source of energy during metabolism and
a precursor for synthesis of phospholipids, triglycerides, and cholesterol esters

Fibroblast A common type of connective tissue cell that is involved with the
production of collagen and other connective tissue elements of the extracellular
matrix. They can act as a stem cell and they can migrate and proliferate to
facilitate wound healing (this feature is taken advantage of with cell cultures).

Flagellum Long locomotory structure (most often one per cell) protruding from
the surface of some eukaryotic cells (e.g., sperm, bacteria, etc.) that is employed
with a whip-like waving that propels the cell through a fluid medium. Bacterial
flagellum tend to be smaller and much simpler structures than those of sperm.

Flavin adenine dinucleotide FAD

G

Gamete Specialized haploid cell (in animals and humans: sperm and ova)
produced by meiosis of precursor germ cells. In sexual reproduction systems, the
fertilization of an ova by a sperm initiates the development of a new organism.

Gastrulation Process in early animal embryos in which cells of the blastocyst
invaginate, producing the three germ layers: ectoderm, mesoderm, and
endoderm.

Gene Physical and functional unit of heredity, which carries information from one
generation to the next. In molecular terms the “gene” is the entire DNA sequence

including exons, introns, and transcription-control regions— necessary for the
production of a functional polypeptide or RNA.

Gene expression General process by which the information encoded in a gene is
converted into an observable phenotype such as the production of proteins.

Genetic code The set of standards by which nucleotide triplets (codons) in DNA or
RNA specify amino acid and amino acid sequences in proteins.

Genetic mapping Determination of the locations and relative positions of genes
on a chromosome.

Genetic markers Alleles associated with an easily detectable phenotype that are
used experimentally or for diagnostics to identify or select for a linked gene, a
chromosome, a cell, or an individual.

Genome Total genetic information carried by a cell or organism.

Genomic im


ting Process that occurs during development of gametes
involving chromatin modifications so that only certain genes can subsequently be
expressed. Because different genes are imprinted in male and female gametes,
the phenotype expression of certain genes is determined by whether a specific
allele is passed on through the female or male parent.

Genomics Comparative analysis of the complete genomic sequences from
different organisms and determination of global patterns of gene expression. It
is used to determine evolutionary relationships among species and to predict the
number and general types of RNAs produced by an organism.

Genotype The complete genetic makeup of an individual cell or organism with
emphasis on the specific alleles.

Germ cell Any cell that participates "sexually" to the generation of offspring.

===== Screenshot (689) -- Page 847 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Germ layers Three primary cell layers (i.e., ectoderm, endoderm, and mesoderm)
that are formed during the gastrulation of embryos that produce specific tissues
and organs.

Germ line The genetic material transmitted from one generation to the next
through the gametes.

Glial cells Support tissue cells in the central nervous system. They do not
transmit electrical or chemical messages. There are four forms of glia cells: (1)
Schwann cells; (2) oligodendrocytes (both of which produce the insulating myelin
sheaths; (3) astrocytes participate in synapse formation; (4) microglia which
produce trophic factors that participate in the central nervous systems immune
response.

Glucagon A peptide hormone produced in the cells of the Islets of Langerhans
that initiates the conversion of glycogen to glucose by the liver and works with
insulin to maintain healthy blood sugar levels.

Glucose A six-carbon monosaccharide (sugar) that is the universal fuel for most
cells. Glucose energy is stored as long polymer chain in plants (starch) and
animals (glycogen).

Glycogen Also known as “animal starch” is stored in the liver and skeletal muscles
and is comprised of glucose units forming a long branched polysaccharide.

Glycoly:


Metabolic process in which sugars are broken down anaerobically to
lactate or pyruvate which results in the production of ATP.

Glycoprotein Any protein that is covalently linked to one or more oligosaccharide
chains ~ most secreted proteins and most membrane proteins are glycoproteins.

Golgi complex (Golgi apparatus) Stacks of flattened , interconnected membrane
wrapped compartments (cisternae) in eukaryotic cells that act as a gate keeper to

process and sort proteins and lipids moving to other locations.

Growth factor An extracellular polypeptide molecule that binds to cell surface
receptors that initiate cell proliferation via a signaling pathway.

H

Haploid Referring to a cell or an organism, that has only one member of each pair
of homologous chromosomes and thus have only one copy (allele) of each gene
pair. Typically gametes (e.g., ova and sperm) and bacteria are haploid.

Hedgehog (Hh) A group of secreted signaling proteins that are regulators of the
development of most tissues and organs in complex species including humans. In
the genetic theory of disease transmission mutations in Hh signal-transduction
segments are blamed for human cancer and birth defects.

Helicase Any enzyme that works along a DNA duplex employing the energy
released by ATP hydrolysis to unwind the two strands required for DNA
replication; activity of specific initiation factors that unwind the secondary
structures in mRNA during translation.

Heterochromatin Zones of chromatin that remain condensed and

transcriptionally inactive during interphase.

Heterozygous Referring to a diploid cell or organism having two different allels
of a specific gene.

High-density lipoprotein (HDL) Thought to be the “good” form of cholesterol/
protein complex.

===== Screenshot (690) -- Page 849 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Homeosis Transformation of one body part into another resulting from
mutations in or misexpression (malnutrition) of certain developmentally critical
genes.

Homologous chromosome One of two copies of each morphologic form of
chromosome present in a diploid cell, also referred to as a homolog.

Homologs (homologues) Maternal and paternal copies of each morphologic type
of chromosome present in a diploid cell.

Homozygous A diploid cell or organism having two identicle alleles of a
particular gene.

Hormone An extracellular substance that circulates in the blood and initiates
specific responses (endocrine signaling) in target cells distant from the gland or

Hox genes Group of developmentally important genes that encode
homeodomain-containing transcription factors that help direct the body
construction plan in animals and humans. Mutations (caused by malnutrition) in
Hox genes produce homeosis.

Hyaluronan (hyaluronic acid) A large, highly hydrated glycosaminoglycan (GAG)
that is a significant part of the extracellular body matrix (i., cartilage, tendons,
ligaments, joint capsules, tendon sheaths, intracellular connective tissue, etc.),
that produces stiffness and resilience and lubricating functions to a variety of
connective tissue.

Hydrocarbon Any compound made up of carbon and hydrogen atoms.
Hydrophilic Substances that are attracted to and interact with water.

Hydrophobic Substances that are repelled by or fail to interact with water.

Hypertonic An external solution in which the solute concentration is high enough
to pull water out of cells due to osmotic pressure (osmosis).

Hypotonic An external solution in which the solute concentration is low enough
to cause water to be pulled into the cells due to osmotic forces (osmosis).

Immunity State of being resistant (immune) against the negative effects from
exposure to pathogens, either in the form of innate nonspecific responses, that
develop within moments to hours; or adaptive responses, which take several days
or weeks to produce highly specific defenses.

Induction In embryogenesis, induction refers to a change in the developmental
fate of one cell or tissue produced by signals or direct contact from a different cell
or tissue; or in metabolism, an increase in the synthesis of an enzyme or series of
enzymes mediated by a specific molecule or inducer.

Inflammation Localized response (such as redness, swelling, heat, and pain) to an
injury or infection that leads to the activation of immune-system cells and their
recruitment to the affected site

Inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate (IP;) Intracellular second messenger produced
by cleavage of the membrane lipid phosphatidyl-inositol 4,5-bisphosphate in
response to the stimulation of specific cell-surface receptors.

Insulin A protein hormone produced in the Beta cells of the pancreatic islets
that facilitates the uptake of glucose into muscle and fat cells. Insulin acts with
glucagon, chromium and vanadium to regulate blood sugar levels; insulin also
acts as a growth factor for a variety of cells.

===== Screenshot (691) -- Page 851 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

In vitro A reaction or test that takes place in an isolated cell culture rather than in
an intact living organism.

In vivo A reaction or test that takes place in an intact cell, tissue, organ, or intact
organism.

Isotonic A solution is that has a solute concentration that does not cause any net
movement of water from inside the cell out or from outside the cell in.

K

Karyotype Number, sizes, and shapes of the entire set of metaphase
chromosomes of a eukaryotic cell

Keratins A species of filament proteins found in epithelial cells.

Kinase A form of enzyme that transfers the terminal phosphate group from ATP
to a substrate.

Kinetic energy The energy of movement, including the movement of molecules
and whole organisms.

Kinetochore A multilayer protein structure located at or near the centromere of
each mitotic chromosome from which microtubules extend toward the spindle
poles of the cell. It is involved in an active role in the movement of chromosomes
toward the poles during anaphase of cell division.

L

Lagging strand (Okazaki fragments) One of two daughter DNA strands formed
ata replication fork as short, discontinuous segments.

Lamins A group of intermediate filament proteins that form a fibrous network

(i.e., nuclear lamina) on the inner surface of the nuclear envelope.

Lectin Any protein that binds tightly to specific sugars. Lectins support the proper
folding of certain glycoproteins in the endoplasmic reticulum.

Ligand Any molecule, except for an enzyme substrate, that binds tightly and
specifically to a protein macromolecule.

Linkage In genetics, linkage is the tendency of two separate loci on the same
chromosome to be inherited together. The closer the two loci are, the lower the
frequency of recombination between them and the tighter their linkage.

Lipid (fats) Any organic molecule that is insoluble in water, however, is
remarkably soluble in nonpolar organic solvents (e.g., ether, chloroform, etc.).

Lipid raft Microdomain in the plasma (cell) membrane that is rich in cholesterol,
sphingomyelin, and specific proteins.

Lipoprotein Any large, water-soluble protein-lipid complex that performs in


mass transfer of lipids throughout the body.

Locus (pl. loci) In genetics, a specific site of a gene on a chromosome. All the
alleles of a particular gene occupy the same locus.

Low-density lipoprotein (LDL) A class of lipoprotein, containing apolipoprotein
8-100, that is a primary transporter of cholesterol in the form of cholesteryl
esters between tissues, particularly the liver. It is thought to be the “bad”
cholesterol.

Lumen The space within a tubular structure (i.e., blood vessel, gastrointestinal
tract, or the interior of a membrane enclosed structure within a cell, etc.).

Lymphocytes Two species of white blood cells (WBC) that can identify foreign
molecules or antigens and trigger an immune response. B cells (B lymphocytes

===== Screenshot (692) -- Page 853 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

which are activated by the appendex) which trigger the production of antibodies
and T cells (T lymphocytes which are activated by the thymus) which destroy virus
and bacteria-infected cells, foreign cells, and cancer cells.

Lysis Destruction of a cell by the rupture or dissolving of the plasma membrane
and release of its contents (e.g, hemolytic anemia, etc).

Lysosome Small organelle that has an internal pH of 4 - 5, contains
hydrolytic enzymes, and functions in the degradation of materials internalized by
endocytosis and of cellular components in autophagy.

M

Macromolecule Any large, commonly a polymeric molecule (i.e., protein, nucleic
acid, polysaccharide, etc.) with a molecular mass greater than a few thousand
daltons.

Macrophages A species of phagocytic leukocytes that have the ability to detect
broad patterns of pathogen markers via Toll-like receptors. They function as
“professional” antigen-presenting cells and are a major source of cytokines.

Malignant A tumor or tumor cells that can invade adjacent normal tissue and
travel via the blood stream to distant locations (metastasis).

Mediator A very large multiprotein complex that forms a molecular bridge
between transcriptional activators bound to an enhancer and to RNA polymerase
I bound at a promoter. This functions as a coactivator in stimulating
transcription.

Meiosis In eukaryotes, a special type of cell division that occurs during the
maturation phase of germ cells. The process is made up of two successive nuclear
and cellular divisions with only one round of DNA replication, and this process

produces four genetically nonequivalent haploid cells (gametes) from an initial
diploid cell.

Membrane potential Electric potential difference, expressed in volts, across a
membrane due to the slight excess of positive ions (cations) on one side and
negative ions (anions) of the other.

Meristem Organized cluster of undifferentiated, dividing cells that are
maintained at the tips of growing shoots and roots in plants. All of the adutt
structures of the plant arise from meristems.

Mesenchyme Immature embryonic connective tissue, composed of loosely
organized and loosely attached cells, derived from either the mesoderm or
ectoderm in animals.

Mesoderm The middle layer of the three primary cell layers of the animal
embryo, lying between the ectoderm (outer layer) and the endoderm (inner
layer). This layer of cells gives rise to the notochord, connective tissue, muscle,
bone marrow, blood, etc.

Metaphase A stage in the process of mitosis at which condensed chromosomes
are aligned equidistant between the poles of the mitotic spindle, but have not yet
started to migrate toward the spindle poles.

Metastasis The spread of cancer cells from their original site of origin and
resulting areas of secondary growth in distant locations.

Micelle A water-soluble spherical aggregate of phospholipids or other
amphipathic molecules that form spontaneously in aqueous solution.


Microfilament Cytoskeletal fiber (=7 nm in diameter) that is formed

by polymerization of monomeric globular (G) actin (i, actin filament).

===== Screenshot (693) -- Page 855 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Microfilaments have an important role in muscle contraction, cytokinesis, cell
movement, etc.

Microtubule Cytoplasmic fiber (=25 nm in diameter) that is formed by
polymerization of alpha, beta tubulin monomers and exhibits structural and
functional polarity. Microtubules are significant components of cilia, flagella, the
mitotic spindle and other cellular structures.

Microvillus (pl. microvilli) Small, membrane-covered projections on the surface
of an animal cell containing a core of actin filaments. Numerous microvilli are
found on the absorptive mucosal surface of intestinal epithelial cells, significantly
increasing the surface area for transport of nutrients into the enteric vascular
system.

Mitochondrion (pl. mitochondria) Large intracellular organelle that is
surrounded by two phospholipid bilayer membranes, contains DNA, and performs
oxidative phosphorylation, by which it produces the majority of ATP in eukaryotic
cells.

Mitogen Any extracellular molecule (e.
proliferation.

growth factor, etc.) that induces cell


Mitosis In eukaryotic cells, it is the process by which the nucleus divides,
producing two genetically equivalent daughter nuclei with the diploid number of
chromosomes.

Mitotic spindle (mitotic apparatus) A temporary specialized structure, occurs in
eukaryotic cells during mitosis, that captures the chromosomes and then pushes
and pulls them to opposite sides of the dividing cell.

Molecular markers (DNA-based) DNA sequences that vary among individuals
(DNA polymorphisms) of the same species and are useful in genetic linkage

studies.

Monoclonal antibody Antibody produced by the progeny of a single B cell and
therefore a homogeneous protein that recognizes a single antigen (epitope).

Monomer Any small molecule that can be linked chemically with others of the
same type to form a polymer (e.g., amino acids, nucleotides, monosaccharides,
etc).

Monosaccharide Any simple sugar with the formula (CH,0),, where ,, = 3-7.

Morphogen A signaling molecule that directs different cell fates during
development.

Mutagen A chemical or physical agent that induces mutations (such as radiation,
DOT, etc.)

Mutation In genetics, a permanent, heritable change in the nucleotide sequence
of a chromosome, usually in a single gene, and produces an alteration in the
function or structure of the gene product.

Myelin sheath Stacked specialized cell membranes that forms an insulating layer
around vertebrate axons and enhances the speed of impulse conduction.

Myosins A class of motor proteins that have actin-stimulated ATPase activity.
Myosins move along actin microfilaments during muscle contraction and


cytokinesis. Additionally they mediate vesicle translocation.

NAD* (nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide) A small organic molecule that
functions as an electron carrier by accepting two electrons from a donor molecule
and one H+ from the solution.

===== Screenshot (694) -- Page 857 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Natural killer (NK) cells Components of the innate immune system that
nonspecifically detects and kills virus-infected cells and cancer cells.

Necrosis Cell death resulting from nutritional deficiency (e.g., liver necrosis/
selenium deficiency, etc.), tissue damage, or other pathology, commonly marked
by swelling and the bursting of cells with the resultant release of their contents.

Neuron (nerve cells) Any of the impulse-conducting cells of the nervous
system. A typical neuron contains a cell body, multiple short-branched processes
(dendrites), and one long process (axon) that transmit impulses to adjacent
neurons or other tissues (such as muscle, glands, etc.).

Neurotransmitter extracellular signaling molecule that is released by the
presynaptic neuron at a chemical synapse and relays the signal to the
postsynaptic cell.

Neurulation Formation of the neural tube by infolding of the neural plate,
the portion of the ectoderm that develops into neural structures, in vertebrate
embryos.

Neutrophils Phagocytic leukocytes that are attracted to sites of tissue damage
and migrate into the tissue. Once activated, neutrophils secrete various
chemokines, cytokines, bacteria-destroying enzymes (e.g., lysozyme), and other
products that contribute to inflammation and help clear invading pathogens.

Nuclear body A spherical, functionally specialized region in the nucleus -
it contains specific proteins and RNAs; many function in the assembly of
ribonucleoprotein (RNP) complexes. The most common form of this structure is
the nucleolus.

Nucleic acid A polymer of nucleotides linked by phosphodiester bonds. DNA and
RNA are the primary nucleic acids in cells.

Nucleolus A large structure in the nucleus of eukaryotic cells where rRNA
synthesis and processing occurs and ribosome sub-units are assembled.

Nucleoside A small molecule composed of a purine orpyrimidine base linked to a
pentose (either ribose or deoxyribose).

Nucleotide A nucleoside with one or more phosphate groups linked via an ester
bond to the sugar moiety, typically to the 5’ carbon atom. DNA and RNA are
polymers of nucleotides containing deoxyribose and ribose, respectively.

Nucleus Large membrane bounded organelle in eukaryotic cells that contains
DNA organized into chromosomes; synthesis and processing of RNA and
ribosome assembly occur in the nucleus.

°

Okazal
are formed during the synthesis of the lagging strand in DNA replication and are


ragments Short (< 1000 bases), single-stranded DNA fragments that

rapidly joined by DNA ligase to form a continuous DNA strand.

Oligopeptide A small to medium-sized linear polymer composed of amino acids
connected by peptide bonds.

Oncogene A gene in which the product of their activity is either in transforming
cells in culture or in inducing cancer in animals and humans.

Organelle Any membrane-limited subcellular structure found in eukaryotic cells.

Organ of Corti Acoustic sensory structure housed within the cochlea of the
inner ear and composed of hair cells that transduce sound-generated mechanical
movement into electrical impulses.

===== Screenshot (695) -- Page 859 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Osmosis Net movement of water across a semipermeable membrane (permeable
to water but not solute) from a solution of lesser to one of the greater solute
concentration.

Oxi
atom is removed from a molecule or oxygen is added—the opposite of reduction.


ion Loss of electrons from an atom or molecule as occurs when a hydrogen

Oxidation potential The voltage change when an atom or molecule loses an
electron and the measure of the tendency of a molecule to loose an electron. For
a given oxidation reaction, the oxidation potential has the same magnitude but
opposite sign as the reduction potential for the reverse reduction reaction.

o:
the transfer of electrons to oxygen (0,) in bacteria and mitochondria. Involves


/e phosphorylation The phosphorylation of ADP to form ATP driven by

generation of a proton-motive force during electron transport and its consequent
use to generate ATP synthesis.

Pp

Paracrine A signaling mechanism in which a target cell responds to a signaling

molecule (i.e., growth factor, neuro-transmitter, etc.) that is produced by a nearby


cell(s) and reaches the target by diffusion.

Pattern formation Process of organizing the cells, organs, and tissues of a
developing embryo into well-ordered spatial patterns, like the bones of a hand or
the color pattern on a butterfly wing.

Pentose A five-carbon monosaccharide. The pentoses ribose and deoxyribose are
present in RNA and DNA, respectively.

Peptide A small linear polymer composed of amino acids connected by peptide
bonds. The terms peptide and oligopeptide are often used interchangeably.

Peptide bond The covalent amide linkage between amino acids formed between
the amino group of one amino acid and the carboxyl group of another with the
net release of a water molecule.

pH A measurement of the acidity or alkalinity of a solution defined as
the negative logarithm of the hydrogen ion concentration in moles per liter.
Neutrality is equivalent to a pH of 7. Values below 7 are considered acidic and
values above 7 are considered alkaline.

Phagocyte Any cell that can ingest and destroy pathogens and other particulate
antigens. The primary phagocytes are neutrophils, macrophages, and dendritic
cells.

Phagocytosis Process during which large particles


i.e., bacteria, yeast, cancer
cells, etc.) are consumed and ingested by phagocytic eukaryotic cells that use a
process that employs significant remodeling of the actin cytoskeleton.

Phenotype The detectable physical and physiological characteristics of a cell or
organism determined by its genotype. In genetic terms the phenotype is a specific
trait associated with a particular allele,

Pheromone A signaling molecule released by an individual that can alter the
behavior or gene expression of other individuals of the same species (e.g., sexual
attraction, etc.).

Phospholipids A major class of lipids present in biomembranes, including
phosphoglycerides and sphingolipids.

Photosynthesis Series of reactions occurring in some bacteria and in plant
chloroplasts in which light energy is used to synthesize carbohydrates from CO,.

===== Screenshot (696) -- Page 861 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Plasma membrane The membrane surrounding a cell that seperates the cell
from its external environment. It consists of a phospholipid bilayer and associated
membrane lipids and proteins.

Plasmid Small round extrachromosomal DNA molecule capable of autonomous
replication in a cell.

Polymer Any large molecule made up of identical multiple or similar units
(monomers) linked by covalent bonds.

Polyphenols High dietary intake of polyphenols is associated with a 30%
reduction of mortality rates in older adults. The most important food sources
of polyphenols include fruit, vegetables, green tea, black tea, red wine,
coffee, chocolate, olives; herbs, spices, nuts, and algae that can supply certain
polyphenols. Some polyphenols are specific to particular foods (flavanones in
citrus fruit, isoflavones in soya, phloridzin in apples); whereas others, such as
quercetin, are found in all plant products such as fruit, vegetables, cereals,
legumes, tea, and wine.

Polypeptide Linear polymer of amino acids connected by peptide bonds and
usually made up of 20 or more amino acids.

Polyunsaturated Referring to a long chain fatty acid in which there are two or
more of the carbon-carbon bonds are double or triple bonds.

Prion Thought to be an infectious form of protein crystal that increases in
number by converting related proteins into more prions; falsely thought to be the
causative organism of Bovine Spongioform Encephalitis (BSE, Mad Cow Disease)
and the human form of CJD.

Proteome The entire collection of proteins produced by a cell.

Proteo:


s A systematic study of the amounts, modifications, interactions,

localization, and functions of all or subsets of proteins at the whole-organism,
tissue, cellular, and subcellular levels.

Purines A class of nitrogenous compounds containing two fused heterocyclic
rings. Two purines, adenine (A) and guanine (G), are base components of
nucleotides found in DNA and RNA.

Pyrimidines A class of nitrogenous compounds containing one heterocyclic
ring. Two pyrimidines, cytosine (C) and thymine (T), are base components of
nucleotides found in DNA; in RNA, uracil (U) replaces thymine.


Quaternary structure The number and relative positions of the polypeptide
chains in multimeric (multisubunit) proteins.

R

Receptor Any protein that specifically binds another molecule to mediate cell-cell
signaling, adhesion, endocytosis, or other cellular process. Commonly refers to a
protein located in the plasma membrane, cytosol, or nucleus that binds a specific
extracellular molecule (ligand), which frequently produces a conformational
change in the receptor, resulting in a cellular response,

Recessive In genetic terms, recessive refers to that allele of a gene that is not
expressed in the phenotype when the dominant allele is present; also can refer
to the phenotype of an individual (homozygote) carrying two recessive alleles.
Mutations that produce recessive alleles generally result in a loss of the gene's
primary function.

===== Screenshot (697) -- Page 863 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Recombinant DNA Any DNA molecule formed in vitro by joining DNA fragments
from different sources.

Redox reaction An oxidation-reduction reaction in which one or more electrons
are transferred from one reactant to another.

Reduction Gain of electrons by an atom or molecule as occurs when a hydrogen
atom is added to a molecule or oxygen is removed. This is the opposite of
oxidation.

Reduction potential (E) The voltage change when an atom or molecule gains an
electron and a measure of the tendency of a molecule to gain an electron. For
a given reduction reaction, E has the same magnitude but opposite sign as the
oxidation potential for the reverse (oxidation) reaction.

Ribosome A large complex comprising several different rRNA molecules and
more than 50 proteins, organized into a large subunit and small subunit. The
ribosome is responsible for protein synthesis (translation).

RNA (ribonucleic acid) Linear, single-stranded polymer, composed of ribose
nucleotides, mRNA, rRNA, and tRNA play different roles in protein synthesis. A
variety of small RNAs play roles in controlling the stability and translation of
MRNAs, and in controlling chromatin structure and transcription.

s

Sarcomere Repeating structural unit of striated (skeletal) muscle composed of
organized, overlapping thin (actin) filaments and thick (myosin) filaments and
extending from one Z disk to an adjacent one. The sarcomere shortens during
contraction.

Sarcoplasmic reticulum Network of membranes in cytoplasm of a muscle cell

that sequesters Ca?* ions; release of stored Ca?* induced by muscle stimulation
initiates contraction.

Segregation The process that distributes an equal complement of chromosomes
to daughter cells during mitosis and meiosis.

Somatic cell Any plant or animal cell other than a germ cell.

Starch A very long, branched polysaccharide, composed exclusively of glucose
units, that is the primary storage carbohydrate in plant cells.

Stem cell A self-renewing cell that can divide symmetrically to give rise to two
daughter cells whose developmental potential is identical to the parental stem
cell or asymmetrically to generate daughter cells with different developmental
potentials.

Steroids A group of four-ring hydrocarbons including cholesterol and
related compounds. Many important hormones (ii


., testosterone, estrogen,
progesterone, adrenal hormones) are steroid hormones. Sterols are steroids
containing one or more hydroxyl groups.

Synapse Specialized zone between an axon terminal of a neuron and an
adjacent neuron or excitable cell (such as a muscle cell) across which impulses
are transmitted. At a chemical synapse, the impulse is conducted by a
neurotransmitter; at an electric synapse, impulse transmission occurs via gap
junctions connecting the pre- and postsynaptic cells.

T

T cell A lymphocyte that matures in the thymus and expresses antigen-specific
receptors that bind antigenic peptides complexed to MHC molecules. There are
two large classes: cytotoxic T cells (CDS surface marker, class | MHC restricted,

===== Screenshot (698) -- Page 865 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

kill virus-infected and cancer cells), and helper T cells (CD4 marker, class Il MHC
restricted, produce cytokines, required for activation of B cells.

Telomere Region on each end of a eukaryotic chromosome containing multiple
tandem repeats of a telomere (TEL) sequence. Telomeres are required for proper
chromosome segregation and are replicated by a special process that prevents
shortening of chromosomes during DNA replication. Maintenance of telomere
length after each cell division is thought to extend the life of the organism.

Telophase Final mitotic stage during which the nuclear envelope re-forms around
the two sets of separated chromosomes, the chromosomes decondense, and
division of the cytoplasm (cytokinesis) is completed.

Thylakoid A flattened membrane sac inside the chloroplast which converts light
energy to chemical energy.

Trace element A element essential for the life of vertebrates that are required in
extremely small doses.

Translation The ribosome-mediated assembly of a polypeptide whose amino acid
sequence is specified by the nucleotide sequence in an mRNA.

Triglyceride Major molecular form in which fatty acids are stored and transported
in animals - it is made up of three fatty acid chains esterified to a glycerol
molecule.

Trophic factor A large variety of signaling proteins required for the survival of
cells in multicellular organisms. In the absence of such signals cells will commit
suicide by apoptosis.

Tumor A mass of cells, typically originating from a single cell type - may be
benign or malignant.

u

Ubiquitin A small protein that can be covalently linked to other intracellular
proteins, thus tagging the proteins for degradation by the proteasome, sorting to
the lysosome, or alteration in the function of the target protein.

Uncoupler Any natural substance (e.g., the protein thermogenin) or chemical
(e
mitochondrial membrane or thylakoid membrane of chloroplasts which inhibits
ATP synthesis.

, 2,4-dinitrophenol) that dissipates the proton-motive force across the inner


Uniport A form of transport in which a membrane protein (uniporter) facilitates
the movement of a small molecule across a membrane down its concentration
gradient by facilitated transport. The glucose transporters (GLUT proteins) are
iconic examples of uniporters.

Unsaturated Referring to the state of a fatty acid in which at least one of the
carbon-carbon bonds is a double or triple bond.

Upstream In genetics upstream refers to the direction opposite to that in which
RNA polymerase moves during transcription; the events that can occur earlier ina
cascade of signaling pathway steps.

Upstream activating sequence (UAS) Any protein-binding regulatory sequence
in DNA of yeast and other simple eukaryotes that is necessary for maximal gene
expression and is equivalent to an enhancer or promoter-proximal element in
higher eukaryotes.

===== Screenshot (699) -- Page 867 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Vaccine A preparation derived from a pathogen and designed to initiate an
immune response to produce immunity to resist a future exposure by the virulent
form of the identical pathogen.

Vector A tool in cell biology, an autonomously replicating genetic element
employed to carry a cDNA or fragment of genomic DNA into a host cell for
the purpose of gene cloning. Commonly used vectors are bacterial plasmids and
modified viral bacteriophage genomes.

Viroid A plant pathogen composed of molecules of naked RNA only several
hundred nucleotides long.

Virus A small intracellular pathogen, made up of nucleic acid (RNA or DNA)
enclosed in a protein coat, that can replicate only in a susceptible host cell.

Vitamin An essential organic molecule required in the diet of all animals and
humans in very small levels; vitamins serve primarily as coenzymes or parts of
coenzymes and cofactors to facilitate the physiological requirements of life.

w

Western blotting (immunoblotting) Technique in which proteins separated by

electrophoresis are attached to a nitrocellulose or other membrane, and specific
proteins then are detected by use of labeled antibodies.

Wild type A normal, nonmutant form of a gene, protein, cell, or organism.

x

X-ray crystallography Commonly used technique for establishing the three-
dimensional structure of macromolecules (especially proteins and nucleic acids)
by passing x-rays through a crystal of the purified molecules and analyzing the
diffraction pattern of the discrete dots that are produced.

z

Zine finger Several related DNA-binding structural motifs composed of
secondary structures folded around a zinc ion present in a variety of eukaryotic
transcription factors.

Zygote A fertilized egg; a diploid cell resulting from the fusion of a male and
female gamete.

===== Screenshot (700) -- Page 869 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

References

Anderson, L.: Medical Science Under Dictatorship, NEJM. July 14, 1949.
Anon: Selenium in the Heart of China. Lancet. October, 1979, p. 899.
Anon: Wikipedia. 2013.

Babu, P. V. A., et al: Recent Advances in Understanding the Anti-diabetic Actions
of Dietary Flavonoids. The Journal of Nutritional Biochemistry. 24 (11):1777-
1789. 2013.

Bahn, PG. (Editor): 100 Archaeological Discoveries. Barnes & Noble Books.
London, England. 1995.

Beachy, L: Unser Leit: The Story of the Amish. Goodly Heritage Books.
Millersburg, Ohio. Vol.1&2.

Bear, F. E.: Chemistry of the Soil. 2nd ed. Chapman and Hill. London. 1964.

Bostedt, H. and Schramel, P.: The Importance of Selenium in the Prenatal and
Postnatal Development of Calves and Lambs. Biol. Trace Ele. Research. The
Humana Press, Inc. 24:163.1990.

Brady, P.S. and Ullrey, D.: White Muscle Disease in Wild Animals. Ann. Proc. Am.
Assoc. Zoo Vet. St. Louis, Missouri. October, 1976.

Brizzee, K.R. and Ordy, J.M.: Age Pigments, Cell Loss and Hippocampal Function.
Mechanisms of Aging and Development. 9:143.1979.

Brown, Jr., W.T.: In The Beginning, Center For Scientific Creation. 1980.

Brungs, R. and Postiglione, M.(Editors): The Genome: Plant, Animal, Human. ITEST
Faith/Science Press. St. Louis, MO. 2000.

Buckland, FT: Curiosities of Natural History. Macmillan Company. 1900.

Campbell, N. A, Reece, J. B., and Mitchell, L. G.: Biology. Addison Wesley
Longman, Inc. Menlo Park, CA. 1999.

Caporeal, L.R.: Ergotism: The Satan Loosed in Salem? Science.192: 4234. (1976),
pp. 21-26.

Carey, N.: The Epigenetics Revolution: How Modern Biology is Rewriting Our
Understanding of Genetics, Disease, and Inheritance. Columbia University Press.
New York. 2012.

Carlisle, E.M.: In Vivo Requirements for Silicon in Articular Cartilage and
Connective Tissue Formation in the Chick. J. Nutr. 106:478. 1976.

Carlson, L. M.: A Fever in Salem: A New Interpretation of the New England Witch
Trials. LR. Dee. Chicago. 1999.

Carmichael, A.G. and Ratzan, R.M. (editors): Medicine : A Treasury Of Art And
Literature. Hugh Lauter Levin Associates, Inc. 1991.

Carpenter, J. W. and Novilla, M.N.: Diabetes Mellitus in a Black-footed Ferret.
JAVMA.171: 890-893. November, 1977.

Caskey, C.D., et al: A Chronic Congenital Ataxia in Chicks due to Manganese
Deficiency in the Maternal Diet. Poultry Science. 23:516. 1944.

===== Screenshot (701) -- Page 871 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Cavendish, R. (editor): Man, Myth & Magic: The Illustrated Encyclopedia of
Mythololy, Religion, and the Unknown. Marshall Cavendish Corporation, New
York. 1970.

Chan, F.L,, et al.: Selenium Deficiency and Keshan Disease. Chinese J Med. June
1979.

Clemens, S. L.: (Twain, Mark): Pudd'nhead Wilson and Those Extraordinary Twins.
The Writings of Mark Twain. Vol. XIV. Harper & Brothers. New York. 1894.

Constable, G. et al (ed): Feats and Wisdom of the Ancients. Time-Life Books.
Alexandria, VA.1990.

Cooper, M.: Pica: A Survey of the Historical Literature as Well as Reports from
the Fields of Veterinary Medicine and Anthropology, the Present Study of Pica in
Young Children, and a Discussion of its Paediatric and Physiological Implications.
Charles Thomas. Springfield, Ill. 1957.

Crabb, C.: The Nutrients are Blowing in the Wind. U.S. News & World Report. Oct.
1991, p. 66.


Crick, F.: The Double Helix: A Personal View. Nature. April 26, 1974, pp. 766-69.

Crick, F. H. C. and Watson, J. D: The Complementary Structure of
Deoxyribonucleic Acid. Proceedings of The Royal Society, A, 223 (1954) pp. 80—
96.

Darwin, C: On the Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection. Down,
Beckenham, Kent. Nov. 24, 1859.

Davis, W.: Wheat Belly: Lose the Wheat, Lose the Weight, and Find Your Path Back
to Health. Rodale Inc. New York. 2011.

Decker, R. A. and McDermid, A. M.: Nutritional Myopathy in a Young Camel

(Camelus dromedaries). J. Zoo An. Med. 8: 20-21. June, 1977.

Demos, J.: Entertaining Satan: Witchcraft and the Culture of Early New England.
Oxford University Press. New York. 1982.

Diamond, J.: The World Until Yesterday: What Can We Learn from Traditional
Societies? Penguin Group. 2012.

Diaz, F. et al: Comparative Performances of Baby Pigs Fed Infant and Baby Pig
Diets. J. Nutr. May, 1959, pp. 131-140.

Dieterich, R.A.: Medial Arterial Sclerosis in Captive Beavers, Castor canadensis,
Kuhl. Bull. Wildl. Dis. Assoc. 4: 18-20. Jan., 1968.


Dominguez, C. et al: Antioxidant Trace Elements, Glutathione and Glutathione
Peroxidase in Cystic Fibrosis Patients: Relation to Lipidperoxidation Status. In:
Collery, Ph, et al. (eds) Metal lons in Biology and Medicine, Vol 4. John Libbey
Eurotext, Paris, pp. 592-595. 1996.

Drimmer, F.: Very Special People: The Struggles, Loves, and Triumphs of Human
Oddities. Amjon Publishers, Inc. New York. 1973.

Duffin, J.:History of Medicine: A Scandalously Short Introduction. University of
Toronto Press. Toronto. 2009.

Dworkin, B., et al: Low Blood Selenium Levels in Patients with Cystic Fibrosis
Compared to Controls and Healthy Adults. JPEN J Parenteral and Enternal Nutr.
11(1):38-41, 1987.

Easton, J.: Human Longevity: Recording the Name, Age, Place of Residence and
Year of the Decease of 1,712 Persons Who Attained a Century and Upwards from
AD 66 to 1799, Comprising a Period of 1,733 Years with Anecdotes of the Most
Remarkable. London. 1799.

===== Screenshot (702) -- Page 873 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Edwards, C.H., et al.: Odd Dietary Practices of Women. J. Am. Diet. Assoc. 30: 976.
1954.

Edwards, C. H., et al.: Effects of Clay and Corn Starch Intake on Women and Their
Infants. J. Am. Diet. Assoc. 44:109. 1964.

Kids Who Kill. Avon Books. New York. 1992.


Ewing, C.

Fahey, J.M. et al: 100 Scientific Discoveries That Changed The World. National
Geographic Society. Washington, D.C. 2012.

Ferguson, J.H. and Keaton, A. G.: Studies of Diets of Pregnant Women in
Mississippi: Ingestion of Clay and Laundry Starch. New Orleans Med. Surg. J. 102:
460. 1950,

Foucaud, P,, et al: Selenium et vitamin E au cours de la mucoviscidose. Arch Fr
Pediatr. 45(6): 383-386.1988.

Franklin, R.E. and Gosling, R. G.: Molecular Configuration in Sodium
Thymonucleate. Nature. April 25, 1953, pp. 740-41.

Freese, B.: COAL: A Human History. Penguin Books. London, England. 2003.

Froemming, P:: The Best Guide to Alternative Medicine. Renaissance Books. Los
Angeles, CA. 1998.

Gandal, C. P: White Muscle Disease in a Breeding Herd of Nyala Antelope
(Tragophagus angasi) at New York Zoo. London Zoological Society. 6: 277-278.
1968.

Giroud, A.: Nutrition of the Embryo. Fed. Proc. 27:163-184. 1968.

Glidden, P.: The MD Emperor Has No Clothes. Peter Glidden, BS, ND. Publications.
2010.

Gonzalez-Segova, R., et al: Effect of the flavonoid quercetin on inflammation and
lipid peroxidation induced by Helicobacter pylori in gastric mucosa of guinea pig.
Gastroenterology. 43 (6): 44-447. 2008.

Goss, L. J.: Muscle Dystrophy in Tree Kangaroos Associated with Feeding Cod
Liver Oil and its Response to Alpha-Tocopherol. Zoologica. New York Zoological
Society.25: 523-524. December, 1940.

Gottlieb, W. and Keough, C. (editors): Understanding Vitamins and Minerals.
Rodale Press. Emmaus, Pennsylvania. 1984.

Greenblatt, S.: The Swerve. W. W. Norton & Co. Ltd. New York, New York. 2011.

Gresham, W. L.: Monster Midway: An Uninhibited Look at the Glittering World of
the Carny. Rinehart and Company. 1953,

Gries, C.L. and Scott, M1
Nutr.102:1282-1296. 1972.


Pathology of Selenium Deficiency in the Chick. J.

Gutetelius, M. F,, et al.:Nutritional Studies of Children with Pica.ll. Treatment of
Pica with Iron Given Intramuscularly. Paediatrics. 29:1018. 1962.

Havel, Richard J. et al: Recommended Dietary Allowances. 10th Ed. National
Academy Press. Washington, D.C. 1989.

Hayflick, L and Moorhead, P.S.: (1961). The Serial Cultivation of Human Diploid
Cell Strains. Exp Cell Res. 25(3): 585-621.

Hayflick, L.: (1965). The Limited In Vitro Lifetime of Human Diploid Cell Strains.
Exp Cell Res. 37(3): 614-636.

Hayflick, L.: The Cellular Basis for Biological Aging. In Handbook of the Biology of
Aging. (ed. C.E. Finch and L.Hayflick). Van Nostrand Reinhold. 1977.

===== Screenshot (703) -- Page 875 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Hellman, H.: Great Feuds In Medicine: Ten of the Liveliest Disputes Ever. John
Wiley & Sons, Inc. New York, NY. 2001.

Herbert, V. and Subak-Sharape, G. J. (ed): Total Nutrition. St. Martin's Press. New
York. 1995.

Herkovits, J., et al.: Protective Effects of Zinc Against Spontaneous Malformations
and Leathality in Bufo arenarum Embryos. Bio Trace Ele Res. 22: 247-250. 1989.

Hintz, H.F, et al.:Effect of Selenium, Sulfur and Sulfur Amino Acids on Nutritional
Muscular Dystrophy in the Lamb. April 1964. J.Nutr. pp. 495-498.

Hisanaga, A. , et al: Variation in Trace Metals in Ancient and Contemprary
Japanese Bones. Bio. Trace Ele. Res. 22: 221-231.1989.

Hoekstra, W.0.: Biochemical Functions of Selenium and its Relationship to
Vitamin E. Federation Proceedings. 34:2083. 1975.

Howard, A.: The Soil and Health: A Study of Organic Agriculture. Schocken Books.
New York. 1972.

Hurley, L.S., et al.: Manganese Deficiency in Rats: Congenital Nature of Ataxia. J.
Nutr. Nov. 1958, pp. 309-319.

Hurley. L. S., et al: Anomalous Development of Ossification in the Inner Ear of
Offspring of Manganese Deficient Rats. J. Nutr. 1960, pp. 15-19.

Hurley, L.S. and Keen, C.L.: Manganese. In Trace Elements in Human and Animal
Nutrition. Sth ed. (Mertz, W. ed). Academic Press, Inc. New York. 1987.

Johnson, 0.S.: A Study of Chinese Alchemy. Commercial Press. Shanghai. 1928.

Johnson, P.: DARWIN: A Portrait of a Genius. Penguin Group (USA) Inc. New York,
New York. 2012.

Kauf, E,, et al. The Significance of a Selenotherapy in Cystic Fibrosis Patients. Med
Klin 90 (suppl I): 41-45. 1995.

Kaufmann, K.: Silica: The Amazing Gel. Burnaby, B.C., Canada. Alive Books. 1992.

Kern, F: Normal Plasma Cholesterol in an 88-year-old Man Who Eats 25 Eggs a
Day. New Eng. J. Med. March, 1991, pp. 896-899.

Klug, A.: Rosalind Franklin and the Discovery of the Structure of DNA. Nature.
August 24, 1968. pp. 808-10, 843-44,

Klug, A. and Rhodes, D.: Zinc Fingers: A Novel Protein Motif for Nucleic Acid
Recognition. in Trends in Biochemical Sciences. 12:464. Dec. 1987.

Krause, MV. and Mahan, L.K.: Food, Nutrition & Diet Therapy. W. B. Saunders
Company. Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. 1984.

Kraybill, D. B.: The Riddle of Amish Culture. Johns Hopkins University Press.
Baltimore, Maryland. 1990.

Kulezycki, L.L. and Schauf, V.: Cystic Fibrosis in Blacks in Washington, D.C. Am. J.
Dis. Child. 127:64. 1974.

Lane, B. and Gregg, W.: The Encyclopedia of Serial Killers. Diamond Books.
London. 1992.

Lanzkowsky, P.: Investigation into the Aetiology and Treatment of Pica. Arch. Dis.
Child. 34:140. 1959.

LeConte, J.: Observations on Geophagia. Southern Med. Surg. J. 1:417. 1846,

Leroi, A. M.: Mutants: On Genetic Variety and the Human Body. Penguin Books.
London. 2003.

===== Screenshot (704) -- Page 877 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

LeVay, S. and Hamer, D.H.: Evidence for a Biological Influence in Male
Homosexuality. Scientific American. 1994. pp. 44-56.

Lewis, J.: Dean & Me. Broadway Books. 2005.
Lind, J.: A Treatise on the Scurvy. 1753.

Long, V.M., et al: Manganese Metabolism in College Men Consuming Vegetarian
Diets. J. Nutr.85:132-138. March, 1965.

Lucas, R.: Secrets of the Chinese Herbalists. Parker Publishing Company, Inc. West
Nyack, New York. 197.

Macopinlec, M.P. et al: Production of Zinc DFeficiency in the Squirrel Monkey
(Saimiri sciureus). J. Nutri, 93: 499-510, 1967.

Makary, M.: Unaccountable. Bloomsbury Press. New York. 2012.

Manach, C. et al: Polyphenols and Prevention of Cardiovascular Diseases. Current
Opinion in Lipidology. 16 (1): 77-84. 2005.

Mann, C. C.: 1493: Uncovering the New World Columbus Created. Random House
Inc. New York. 2012. Vol. 18.1942, pp.165-172.

Manselsberg, R.G. (ed.): Killer Teens. Pinnacle Books. New York. 1981.
Manselsberg, R. G. (ed.): Mass Murderers. Pinnacle Books. New York. 1983.

Maron, B.J., et al.: Sudden Death in Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy: A Profile of 78
Patients. Circulation. 65:1388.1982.

Maron, B.J., et al: Sudden Death in Young Athletes. Circulation. 62:218.1979.

Mawer, S.: Gregor Mendel: Planting the Seeds of Genetics. Henry N. Adams, Inc.
New York. 2006.

McDonald, A.: Complete Book of Vitamins and Minerals. Publications
International, LTD. Lincolnwood, IL. 1996.

McDonald, |. W.: Enzootic Ataxia of Lambs in South Australia. Aust. Vet. J. Vol. 18.
1942, pp. 165-172.

McDonald, R. and Marshole, S.R.: Value of Iron Therapy in Pica. Paediatrics. 84:
558. 1964,

Mead, C. and Hager, T. (editors): Linus Pauling. Oregon State University Press.
Corvallis, OR. 2001.

Mertz, W. (ed): Trace Elements in Human and Animal; Nutrition. Academic Press,
Inc. New York. 1987.

Mergiletus, A. F.: Doctoral Thesis in Medicine. Submitted to Academia Patria.
1701.

Morgan, D. G. : Dissecting Aneurysm in the Aorta in a Gorilla. Vet. Rec. 86: 502-
505. April,1970.

Morrison, P.: Human Factor In a Science First. Life, March 1, 1968, p 8.

Murray, M.T. and Pizzorno, J.: The Encyclopedia of Natural Medicine. 3rd Ed. ATRIA
Paperback. New York, NY. 2012.

Muth, O.H,, et al.: White Muscle Disease (Myopathy) in Lambs and Calves Vil.
Etiology and Prophylaxis. Am. J. Vet. Res. 22:466.1961.


Nielson, F.H.: Vanadium. In Trace Elements in Human and Animal Nutrition. Vol.1

5th edition (Mertz, W. ed). 1987.

Offit, P.A: Do You Believe In Magic?: The Sense and Nonsense of Alternative
Medicine. Harper Collins Publishers. New York. 2013.

===== Screenshot (705) -- Page 879 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Olmstead, L., Schrauzer, G. N., Flores-Arce, M. and Dowd, J. Selenium
Supplementation of Symptomatic Human Immunodeficiency Virus Infected
Patients Bio.Trace Ele. Res. 20:59-65. 1989.

Oppenheimer, E. H. and Esterly, J.R.: Pathology of Cystic Fibrosis: Review of the
Literature and Comparsons with 146 Autopsied Cases. In Rosenberg, H.S. and


Balonde, R.
pp. 241-78,

Perspectives in Pediatric Pathology. Chicago Yearbook. Vol. 2. 1975.

Parker, D. and Parker, J.: The Complete Astrologer. McGraw-Hill Book Company.
New York. 1971.

Parr, J.G.: Man, Metals and Modern Magic. lowa State University Press. Ames,
lowa. 1958.

Parr, RM. et al: Minor and Trace Elements in Human Milk from Guatemala,
Hungary, Nigera, Phillipines, Sweden and Zaire. Bio. Trace Ele. Res. 29: 51-75.
1991.

Pauling, L.: Molecular Basis of Biological Specificity. Nature, April 26, 1974, pp.
769-71.

Perl,


Mummies, Tombs, and Treasure. Scholastic Inc. New York. 1987.

Pickover, C. A.: The Medical Book: From Witch Doctors to Robot Surgeons. 250
Milestones in the History of Medicine. Sterling Publishing, Ltd. Toronto, Ontario.
2012.

Pihl, R.O. and Parkes, M.: Hair Element Content in Learning-disabled Children.
Science. 198: 204. 197.

Powell, N.: Alchemy, the Ancient Science. The Supernatural Edition. The Danbury
Press. London, England. 1976.

Proctor, J.F,, et al.: Selenium, Vitamin E and Linseed Oil Meal as Preventatives of
Muscular Dystrophy in Lambs. J. Animal Sci. 17:1183.1958.

Quarrell, O. W. J. : Facts: Huntington's Disease (2nd Edition). Oxford, GBR: Oxford
University Press. 2008.

Rabb, G.B., et al.: Spontaneous Diabetes Mellitus in Tree Shrews., Urogale everetti.
J. Am. Diabetes Assoc.15:327-330. May, 1966.
Rahman, M. M., et al: Selenium and Exudative Diathesis in Chicks and Poults. J.

Nutr. 72: 71. September, 1960.

Reid, LR, et al: Effect of Calcium Supplementation on Bone Loss in Post-
‘menopausal Women. New Eng. J. Med: Feb. 1993, pp. 460-464,

Ren, J-G,, et al: Expression of telomerase inhibits hydroxyl radical-induced
apoptosis in normal telomerase negative human lung fibroblasts. FEBS Letters.
488(2001): 133-38.

Revis, N.W,, et al: Metabolism of Selenium in Skeletal Muscle and Liver of Mice
with “Genetic” Muscular Dystrophy. Proc. Soc. Exper. Biol. Med. 160:139. 1979.


Rhodes, D. and Klug, A.: Zinc Fingers. Sci Am. Feb 1993, pp. 56-64,

Richards, J.B. et al: Higher Serum Vitamin D Concentrations Are Associated with
Longer Leukocyte Telomere Length In Women. Am. J. Clin Nutr. 2007;86: 1420-5.

Robinson, A. (editor): The Scientists: An Epic of Discovery. Thames & Hudson, Inc.
New York, N.Y. 2012.

Robinson, T.R.: Genetics for Dummies. 2nd edition. Wiley Publishing, Inc.
Hoboken, N.J. 2010.

===== Screenshot (706) -- Page 881 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Rooney, A.: The Story of Medicine: From Early Healing to the Miracles of Modern
Medicine. Arcturus Publishing Limited. London. 2011.

Salh, B,, et al: Aberrant Free Radical Activity in Cystic Fibrosis. Clin Chim Acta. 181:
65-74. 1989.

Sandberg, A.S.: et al: The Effect of Wheat Bran on the Absorption of Minerals in
the Small Intestine. Br. J. Nutr. 48: 185.1982.

Schrauzer, G.N., et al: Cancer Mortality Correlation Studies-Ill: Statistical
3.1977.


Associations with Dietary Selenium Intakes. Bioinorganic Chemistry.7:;

Schrauzer, G. N.: Selenium in Nutritional Cancer Prophylaxis: An Update. Vitamins,
Nutrition and Cancer, Karger, Basel, pp 240-250. 1984.


Schrauzer,, G. N., et al.: Selenium in the Blood of Japanese and American Women
with and without Breast Cancer and Fibrocystic Disease. Jpn. J. Cancer Res. 76:
374, May, 1985.


Schrauzer, G.N., et al.: Effects of Simulated American, Bulgarian, and Japanese
Human Diets and Selenium Supplementation on the Incidence of Virally Induced
Mammary Tumors in Female Mice. Biol. Trace Ele. Research. The Humana Press,
Inc. 20:169.1989.

Schrauzer, G. N. and Shrestha, K. P.: Lithium in Drinking Water and the Incidences
of Crimes, Suicides, and Arrests Related to Drug Addictions. Biological Trace Ele.
Res. 25:105-109. 1990.


Schrauzer, G. N., et al.: Lithium in Scalp Hair of Adults, Students, and Violent
Criminals. Biol-Trace Ele. Research. 34:161. 1992.

Schrauzer, G.N.: Selenium: Mechanistic Aspects of Anticarcinogenic Action. Biol.
Trace Ele. Research. The Humana Press, Inc. 33:51. 1992.

Schrauzer, G. N.: Selenomethionine and Selenium Yeast: Appropriate Forms of
Selenium for use in Infant Formulas and Nutritional Supplements. J. Medicinal
Food. 1(3): 201-206. 1998.


Schrauzer, G. N. The Nutritional Significance, Metabolism and Toxicology of
Selenomethionine. Advances in Food and Nutrition Research.47: 2003, pp 74-

112

Schrauzer, G. N. and Surai, P. F: Selenium in Human and Animal Nutrition:
Resolved and unresolved issues. Critical Reviews on Biotechnology. Informa UK
Ltd. London. 29: 2-9. 2009.

Schrauzer, G. N.: Joel D. Wallach, D.V.M. (N.D.): 2011 Klaus Schwarz Medalist. Biol.
Trace Element Research. 143: 1219-1222. 2011.

Schwarz, K. and Foltz, C.M.: Selenium as an Integral Part of Factor 3 Against
Necrotic Liver Degeneration. J. Am. Chem. Soc. 19: 3292. 1959.

Schwarz, K.: Essentiality and Metabolic Functions of Selenium. Med. Clin. North
Am. 60: 745-758. July, 1976.

Seligmann, K.: The History of Magic and the Occult. Harmony Books, New York.
1948,

‘Shu-Yu Yu, et al.: A Preliminary Report on the Intervention Trials of Primary Liver
Cancer in High-Risk Populations with Nutritional Supplementation of Selenium in
China. Biol, Trace Ele, Research. 29:289.1991.

Shu-Yu YU, et al: Chemoprevention Trial of Human Hepatitis with Selenium
Supplementation in China. Biol. Trace Ele. Research. The Humana Press, Inc.
20:15.1989.

===== Screenshot (707) -- Page 883 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Shwachman, H., et al.: The Heterogenicity of Cystic Fibrosis. Birth Defects. 8:102.
1972.

Siasos, G. et al: Flavonoids in Atherosclerosis: An Overview of Their Mechanisms
of Action. Current Medical Chemistry. 20(21): 2641-2660. 2013.


Sinsheimer, R.L.: The Double Helix. Science and Engineering. September, 1968,

pp. 4, 6. California Institute of Technology.

Stavropoulos, S.: The Wisdom of the Ancient Greeks. Fall River Press. New York,
New York. 2005.

Strong, T. W.: Life of the Siamese Twins. New York. 1853.

Thomas, A. G., et al: Selenium and Glutathione Peroxidase Status in Pediatric
Health and Gastrointestinal Disease. J. Pediatr Gastroent Nutr. 19(2): 213-219.
1994,

Thompson, C. J. S.: The Mystery and Lore of Monsters. New Hyde Park. New York.
University Books. 1968.

Thompson, L.: Correcting the Code. Simon & Schuster. New York. 1994,

Tus, H., et al: Keshan Disease as it Relates to Selenium Status. Chinese J. Med.
1979.

Van Braght, T.J.: Martyrs Mirror. 1660. Published in English. Herald Press.

Harrisonburg, Pennsylvania. 1938.

Van Vleet, F.J., et al.: Hepatos Dietetia and Mulberry Heart Disease Associated
with Selenium Deficiency in Indiana Swine. J. Am. Vet. Med. Assoc. 157:1208.
1970.

Van Vleet, FJ. and Ferrans, V.J.: Ultrastructure of Hyaline Microthrombi in

Myocardial Capillaries of Pigs with Spontaneous Mulberry Heart Disease. Am. J.
Vet. Res. 38:2077. 1977.

Volk, D. M. and Cutliff, S.A.: Selenium Deficiency and Cardiomyopathy in a Patient
with Cystic Fibrosis. J Ky Med Assoc. 84(5): 222-224. 1986.

Feeder


Wallach, J.D. Goitrogenic Lambs.VM/SAC.

60:1051-1053. 1965.

Hypothyroidism in

Wallach, J.D. and Hoessle, C.: Hypervitaminosis D in Green Iguanas. JAVMA. 149:
912-914. 1966.

Wallach, J.D.: Degenerative Arthritis in a Black Rhino. JAVMA.151: 887-889. 1967.

Wallach, J.D. and Flieg, G.M.: Nutritional Secondary Hperparathyroidism in
Captive Psittacine Birds. JAVMA. 151: 880. 1967.

Wallach, J.D., Hoessle, C. and Bennet, J.: Hypoglycemic Shock in Captive
Alligators. JAVMA. 151: 893-896. 1967.

Wallach, J.D. and Hoessle, C.: Steatitis in Captive Crocodillians. JAVMA. 153: 845-
8847. 1968.

Wallach, J.D. and Hoessle, C.: Fibrous Osteodystrophy in Green Iguanas. JAVMA.
153: 863-865. 1968.

Wallach, J.D. and Flieg, G.M.: Nutritional Secondary Hyperparathyroidism in
Captive Birds. JAVMA. 155: 1046. 1969.

Wallach, J.D.: Nutritional Diseases of Exotic Animals. JAVMA. 157:583-599.
September, 1970.


Wallach, J.D. and Flieg, G.M.: Cramps and Fits in Carnivorous Birds. Int. Zoo

Yearbook. London Zool. Soc. 10:3-4. 1970.

===== Screenshot (708) -- Page 885 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Wallach, J.D. and Middleton, C.C.: Naturally Occurring Atherosclerosis in Aoudads
(Amotragus lervia, Pallas). Acta Zool. Pathol. Antverppiensia. 50: 45-54. 1970.

Wallach, J.D.: Exotic Diets are not for Exotic Pets. Gaines Small Animal Nutrition
Workshop Proceedings. University of Illinois. March, 1971.

Wallach, J.D.: Nutritional Problems in Zoos. Proc. Cornell Nutr. Conference for
Feed Manufacturers. Buffalo, New York. 1971, pp. 10-19.

Wallach, J.D., Williamson, W.M. and LaGarde, K.: Normal Blood Values of Siberian
Ibex. J. Zoo Ani. Med.2: 22-23. 1971.

‘Wallach, J.D.: The Nutrition and Feeding of Captive Ruminants in Zoos. In Church,
D.C: Digestive Physiology and Nutrition of Ruminants. Corvallis. Oregon State
University Press. Vol. 3. 1972, pp. 292-307.

Wallach, J.D. and Wallach, J.€.: Rhino Express. Vantage Press, Inc. New York. 1978.

Wallach, J.D.: Cystic Fibrosis: A Proposal of Etiology and Pathogenesis. Workshop
on Model Systems for the Study of Cystic Fibrosis. NIH Campus. Bethesda, MD.
May 25-26, 1978.

Wallach, J.D.: The Mechanics of Nutrition for Exotic Pets. Vet. Clin. North Am. 9:
405-414. 1979.

Wallach, J. D. and Germaise, B.: Cystic Fibrosis: A perinatal Manifestation of
Selenium Deficiency. Hemphill, D. D. (ed). Trace substances in Environmental
Health XIII. University of Missouri Press. Columbia, MO. June 4-7, 1979, pp. 469-
476.

Wallach, J.D. and Boever, W.: The Diseases of Exotic Animals. W. B. Saunders
Publishing Co. Philadelphia. 1983.

Wallach, J.D. and Ma, L.: Let's Play Doctor! Wellness Publications, LLC. Chula Vista,

CA. 1989.

Wallach, J.D., Ma, L., Wei Han, Y., Bo-Qi, G., Teng, F. Y., Goddard, R.
Denominators in the Etiology and Pathology of Visceral Lesions of Cystic Fibrosis


Common

and Keshan Disease. Biol. Trace Element Research. Humana Press, Inc. 24:189-
205. 1990.

Wallach, J.D. and Ma, L.: Rare Earths: Forbidden Cures. Wellness Publications, LLC.
Chula Vista, CA. 1994.

Wallach, J.D. and Ma, L.: Dead Doctors Don’t Lie. Wellness Publications. Chula
Vista, CA. 1999.

Wallach, J.D. and Ma, L.: Let's Play Herbal Doctor. Wellness Publications. Chula
Vista, CA. 2001

Wallach, J.D. and Ma, L.: God Bless America. Wellness Publications. Chula Vista,
CA. 2002.

Wallach, J. D. and Ma, L.: Hell’s Kitchen. Wellness Publications. Chula Vista, CA.
2005.

Wallach, J.D. and Ma, L.: Passport to Aromatherapy. Wellness Publications. Chulas
Vista, CA. 2005.

Wallach, J.D. and Ma, L.: Energy Crisis. Wellness Publications. Chula Vista, CA.
2007.

Wallach, J.D. and Ma,
2008.


: Immortality. Wellness Publications. Chula Vista, CA.

Watson, J.D.: The Double Helix: A Personal Account of the Study of the Sturcture
of DNA. W.W. Norton & Company. New York & London. 1980.

===== Screenshot (709) -- Page 886 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Watson, J. D. and Crick, F.H.C.: A Structure for Deoxyribose Nucleic Acid. Nature,
April 25, 1953, pp. 737-38.

Watson, J.D. and Crick, F.H.C.: Genetical Implications of the Structure of
Deoxyribonucleic Acid. Nature. May 30, 1953, pp.964-67.

Watson, R. D., et al: Selenium responsive myositis during prolonged home total
parenteral nutrition in cystic fibrosis. JPEN J Parenteral Enteral Nutr 9(1): 58-60.
1985.

Werbach, M.
Tarzana, California. 1991.


lutritional Influences on Mental Illness. Third Line Press, INC.

White, E. and Brown, D. (Korn, J. editor): The First Men. The Emergence of Man.
Time-Life Books. 1973.

Whitmont, E. C.: The Alchemy Of Healing: Psyche and Soma. North Atlantic
Books. Berkeley, California. 1993.

Williams, R. J. et al: Flavonoids: antioxidants or signaling molecules? Free Radical
Biology & PMID. 2004.

Williamson, G. and Manach, C.: Bioavailability and bioefficiency of polyphenols in
humans.ll. Review of 97 intervention studies. Am. J Clin Nutr 81(1 Suppl):240S-
2438. 2005.

Winklhofer-Roob, B.M.: Oxygen free radicals and antioxidants in cystic fibrosis:
the concept of an oxidant-antioxidant imbalance. Acta Paediatr Suppl. 395: 49—
57. 1994,

Wood, E. J.: Giants and Dwarfs. London. Richard Bentley. 1868.

Woolf, A.: Witchcraft or Mycotoxin? The Salem Witch Trials. Clinical Toxicology. 38
(2000). 457-460.

Wu, J. et al.: The Effects Of Selenium, As Selenomethionine, on Genome Stability
and Cytotoxicity in Human Lymphocytes Measured by Using the Cytokinesis-
Block Micronucleus Cytome Assay. Mutogenesis. Vol24 (3): 225-232. Jan. 2009.

Xu, Q, et al.: Multivitamin Use and Telomere Length in Women. Am J Clin Nutr.
2009:89:1857. 63.

===== Screenshot (710) -- Page 888 of 936 =====
Index

A

Ac, 407

Acardia amorphous, 344
Accidents of birth, 355
Acetyl-coenzyme A (CoA), 389
Actinium, 407

Actinium k, 407

ADA, 346, 454
Adenosine triphosphate, 389
ADD, 346

ADHD, 346
Adrenoleucodystrophy, 466
Aerobic, 457

Aerobic diseases, 457

Aflatoxin, 287

Afrikaans, 251

Ag, 407

Age of Sail, 226

‘Age awareness (gay behavior), 358


EPIGENETICS

‘Age of witches, 61

Age pigment, 466

Age spots, 466

Aggression gene, 448
Agrippa von Nettesheim, 43,
Agro-Industrial Complex, 220

Abriman, 56

AIDS, 34, 146, 357, 459, 467-8
Akhethotep, 87

Akkadian texts, 26

Al, 408,

Alaska Air Guard, 323,
Albrecht, Dr. William, 247
Alchemists, 37, 42, 50, 412
Alchemy myths, 35

ALD, 466

Aldrovandi, Calisse, 343
Alexander the Great, 39
Alkaptonuria, 168
Alopecia, 389

ALS. 189, 244, 444, 467
Aluminum, 408

Al-Rhazes, Abu, 107,
Alzheimer's disease, 3, 81-2, 187, 189, 283, 360-61, 391, 399, 409-10, 41
Am, 410

Amalgams, 443

Amber, 22

American witches, 68

===== Screenshot (711) -- Page 889 of 936 =====
Americans with Disabilities Act, 346
Americum, 410

Amino acids, 372, 394

Amish 241, 332

‘Ammann, Jacob 243
Anabaptists, 247,

Anaerobic diseases, 457
Anchoveta, 221

Ancient dietary traditions, 498
Andreae, Johann Valentin, 50
Andromachus the Elder, 31
Anemia, 438

Anesthesia, 111

Aneurysm, 285

Animal model, 305
Ankylosing spondylitis, 423
Animal Welfare Act 289, 481
Antimony, 465

Antonine plague, 126

Aortic aneurysm, 337

AP, 315

APA factor, 387

Aparthied, 250

Apatite crystals, 421
Apoptosis, 375

Aquarius, 19

Ar, 410

Arctic fox, 296, 317

EPIGENETICS

Argon, 410

Aries, 18

Aristotle, 45,

Arfvedson, August 236
Armstrong, Neil 85.
Arsenic, 410-12

Arsenic trioxide, 411.
Arthritis, 421,

As, 410

Asi, Dr. Kazuhiko, 447,
Ashma, 348, 452
Ashurbanipal ,17, 26, 55
Aspergillus spp.287
Astatine, 412
Astrological houses, 16
Astrological medicine, 18
Astrology, 16

At, 412,

Athetosis, 188

Atom, 40

Atomic oxygen, 460
ATP, 384

Ataxia, 453,

Au, 412

Auenbrugger, Dr. Leopold, 478
Aurochs, 13
Aurothioglucose, 412
Avery, Oswald, 180

===== Screenshot (712) -- Page 891 of 936 =====
Avicenna, 47, 101,
A98-

Ayurveda, 88, 498-499

B, 413

Ba, 414

Babylon, 29

Bacon, Sir Francis, 48, 343

Bacteria, 24, 121, 125-131, 133-8, 181, 212-213, 225, 249, 293,
361, 370, 387, 393, 405, 408, 416, 429, 438, 444, 459, 483

Bad Seeds, 345

BAL, 463

Balard, Antoine, 416

Bamberg, 65.

Barber pole, 101,

Barber-surgeons, 101-103

Barium, 414

Barium enemas, 414.

Barium meals, 414

Barnes Hospital, 283

Barr bodies, 353

Bateson, William 167, 344

Bauxite, 410

Be, 415

Bear liver cancer, 286

Becker's muscular dystrophy, 195

EPIGENETICS

Bed wetting, 432

Beef tongue, 384

Beijerinck, Martinus, 137
Bell, Alexander Graham, 358
Bell’s palsy, 423

Bemidji State University, 432
BeriBeri, 189, 224, 492
Berlin Papyrus 23, 90
Bernard, Dr. Claude, 479
Beryllina, 415

Beryllium, 415

Berzelius, Jons Jakob, 426
Better genetic types, 176
Beyond Tangy Tangerine, 84
Bhela, 88

Bi, 415

Bilharziasis, 250

Billionaires, 496

Binet Intelligence test, 177
Biometrics, 176

Biotin, 388,

Birth chart, 18


Birth defects, 16, 244-5, 249, 283, 285, 290,
473

Birthstone, 46

Bismuth, 415,

Bitumen, 31-2


Blackburn, Elizabeth, 374

===== Screenshot (713) -- Page 893 of 936 =====
Black Death, 33

Black gene, 237, 241,

Black Gene Lies

Black light, 287

Black lung, 20

Black magic, 26, 69

Black rhino, 251-2

Black tongue, 223

Black Umfolozi River, 252

Bleeding, 92

Blood and Iron, 178
Bloodletting, 92, 101-2, 110, 112, 158
Boaistuau, Pierre, 343

Boever, Dr. William, 330

Boibaudran, Paul Emile Cecoq de, 436
Bone, 421.

Bone chewing, 421,

Bone meal, 222

Bone spurs, 421

Borax, 413

Borax glazes, 413

Borax, 20 mule team, 413

Boron, 413

Boston strangler, 449

Bourne, Dr. Geoffrey H., 193, 307, 310
De Bourne, Dr. Nelly, 193, 308
Boussingault, 439

Boveri, Theodor, 173

EPIGENETICS

Bovine Spongioform Encephalitis, 150, 435-

Boyauderies, 427
Boyle, Robert, 48

Br, 416

Braddon, W. L., 226

Bragg, Sir William Henry, 485,
Brandt, Hennig, 49

Bridges, Calvin, 174

British Anti-Lewisite, 463
Bromine, 416

Bromo-Seltzer, 416

Bronze Age 22, 231
Brookfield Zoo, 295, 317
Brooklyn Papyrus, 92

Brother C.R.C, 49

BSE, 150, 435

Buffon, Georges, 368

Bundy, Ted, 449

Bunsen, Robert, 433

Bush sickness, 430

C416

Ca, 421

Cadaveric particles, 428
Cadmium, 426,

===== Screenshot (714) -- Page 894 of 936 =====
Caesium, 440
Calcium, 421

Calcium EDTA, 463,

Calcium - ethylenediaminetetra acetic aci
Calculator of fate, 344

Caltech, 199

Calvinism, 69

Cambridge University, 203

Campbell, Jackie, 21


Canary in the mine, 284
Cancer, 19

Cann, Carrol, 294, 299

Canon Beach, 325

Canvasser, Dr. Bruce, 320

Capricorn, 19

Capture dart, 251.

Capture team, 251

Carbohydrates, 417

Carbon, 416

Carbonic acid, 133

Cardiomyopathy, 194, 285, 330, 350, 466
Cardiovascular disease, 20, 393

Carey, Nessa, 155, 209, 211, 217

Carpal tunnel syndrome, 452

Carpzov, Benedict, 66,


Carlsberg Papyrus, 91

Cartier, Jacques, 227, 390
Caebolt, Dr. Don, 78

EPIGENETICS

Castle's intrinsic factor, 386
Catalase, 460

Cave of the Young Goats, 14

Cd, 426

CDC, 85, 121, 301

Ce, 426

Cells, 111, 126-7, 160, 172-3, 182-4, 208
Cell salts, 117,

Celts, 30

Cell theory, 160

Center for the Biology of Natural Systems, 218, 281, 282, 289, 302, 310, 317

Center for Disease Control, 85, 121,
Cerebellar hypoplasia, 244
Cerebral palsy, 3, 241, 244, 249, 285, 345, 363, 365, 371, 435-6, 444,
Ceres, 426

Cerium, 426

Cerium nitrate, 426

Ceroid lipofucsin, 334, 466
Cesium, 433,

CF gene, 347

CF syndrome, 348

Chaldeans, 17, 28

Chaldean astrologers, 28
Chargaff’s Rules, 207, 486
Chelated minerals, 402

Chema, 38

Chemes, 38

Chester Beatty Medical papyrus, 92


73,

===== Screenshot (715) -- Page 896 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Childbed fever, 127, 478

Chincha Istands, 220

Chioggia salt, 232

Chiropractic medicine, 113, 505,

Chloride, 426

Chlorine, 426

Chloros, 426

Chondroitin sulfate, 453

Choice of sexual preference, 352

Cholesterol, 6 82, 118, 227, 360, 373, 377-9, 419-21, 433, 435, 446, 467, 469,

Cojoined, 36

Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory, 177, 205,
Collagen, 465

Collagen diseases, 465

Colli, Skyler, 331, 338

Colloidal minerals, 83, 401, 403-406, 463
Gm, 428

Co, 428

Cobalt, 428-9

Cold brand, 292


472
Choline, 391
Chondrodystrophy, 453,
Christmas bees, 251.
Chromium, 346, 431.
Chromosomes, 171, 172, 363
Chrysopeia, 39

Circumcision, 89

Cirrhosis, 303

cl, 426

Clark, Dick, 85, 121

Clark, John, 257

Cleft lip, 285, 473

Cleft palate, 285, 473
Clemson University, 83
Cleopatra, 342

Cloning, 361

CMV, 459

Colitis, 23, 371,
Colon cancer, 433,

Columbia University, 34

Columbian Exchange, 219

Committee Against Medical Fraud, 82

Common salt, 231

Commoner, Barry, 218

Conan the veterinarian, 325

Conception, 341

Congenital ataxia, 452

Congenital hypothyroidism, 244

Congenital birth defects, 249, 285, 296, 341, 343, 453, 473,
Congenital deafness, 244, 452

Congestive heart failure, 3, 20, 223-5, 336, 249, 254, 297, 382, 421
Consumption, 458

Contact dermatitis, 371

Contact enteritis, 191, 371


Copernican, 47, 58

===== Screenshot (716) -- Page 898 of 936 =====
Copernicus, Nicolaus, 58
Copper, 352, 433-6, 445, 508
Corn-based diet, 222, 383-4


Coral reef, 421,
Corridor, 251, 253
Cow pox, 141

Cornell University, 34
Cr, 431,

Cribbing, 228-29, 234-5

Crick, Francis, 185, 203-207, 209, 485
Crider, Pastor Tyrone 336, 337
Cro-magnon, 12, 15


Crystal-gazing, 44
Crystalloids, 404

Cs, 433

CSHL, 205

Cu, 352, 433,

Culpepper's Herbal Remedies, 18-19

Cuneiform inscriptions, 26
Cunning men, 61

Cunning women, 61,
Curium, 428

Currency of life, 361
Cyclops, 344

Cycloptic monster, 344
Cystic calculi, 285, 423,

Cystic fibrosis, xii, 3, 7, 74-5, 80-81, 85-86, 190-4,

EPIGENETICS

314, 317, 319, 330, 332, 338, 347-9, 365, 371, 379-80, 466-7, 487-95.
Cystic Fibrosis Foundation, 306
Cytochrome c oxidase, 434
Cytogenetics, 173

D

Dahmer, Jeffrey 449

Danube River, 21

Dark Ages, 220

Davenport, Charles, 177-78

Da Vinci, Leonardo, 98

Darwin, Charles, 155-6, 158-161,
318, 484

Darwin, Dr. Erasmus, 156

Daughter cells, 172

Davy, Sir Humphrey, 427

Deafness, 244, 453

de Bourne, Nelly Golarz, 308


Decount, Jacques, 354

Dee, Dr. John, 44

de Perthes, Jacques, 15

Defying Muscular Dystrophy, 86, 333
Demarcay, Eugene-anatole, 437
Degenerative arthritis, 421
Degenerative disc disease, 421,

===== Screenshot (717) -- Page 900 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Dementia, 3, 82, 90, 122, 187, 189, 222-23, 224, 241, 244, 245, 254, 360-1, 371
382, 384, 387, 487

Democritus, 40

Denisovans, 12

Depression, 382, 389

de Rais, Giles, 62

Dermatitis 383, 385, 457

Descartes, 50

De Vries, Hugo, 166

Dewhurst, Dr. Christopher J., 355

Diabetes type 2, 3, 337, 346-7, 361, 363, 367, 369, 371-2, 419, 432, 471, 491,

Dietrich, David, 335,

Dioscorides, 97

Diverticulitis, 3, 371

DNA, 12, 20, 81, 155, 161, 176, 181-182, 184-5, 201, 203-9, 2011-2013, 217—
18, 222, 257, 289, 339-341, 347, 362-3, 374-5, 378, 407, 471, 485-88, 504~
6

DNA, cloning, 212

Doppler, Christian, 164

Doppler Effect, 164

Double helix, 185, 203, 206

Down's syndrome, 3, 173, 334, 345,

Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, 433

Druids, 30

Drumconrath, 58

Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy, 195

Dy, 436,

Dysgenics, 177, 237

Dysprosium, 436
Dystonia, 188

E=mce2, 33

Early Bronze Age, 21
Earth's atmosphere, 457
Earth worms, 219
Easterly, Dr. John, 75, 306
Eau de Javel, 427

Ebers Papyrus, 23, 24, 90
EBV, 459

Ectrodactyly, 345,
Eczema, 389.

ED, 419.

Edible earths, 228
Edison, Thomas, 120, 169
Edwin Smith Papyrus, 20, 21, 23, 67, 90
Egg white syndrome, 388
Egypt, 20, 115

Eijkman, Christian, 225
Einstein, Albert, 33

Eka - aluminum, 440

Eka - cesium, 440
Electrolytes, 456

Elixir of Life, 36

===== Screenshot (718) -- Page 901 of 936 =====
Elizabethan Witchcraft Act, 60
Elvehjem, Conrad, 224

Emory University, 75, 192, 314, 487
Empty calorie diet, 229
English witches, 60

Enzootic ataxia, 149, 434
Ephemerides, 17

Epicurus, 39, 40, 41
Epigenetics, 176, 209, 217-18,
Er, 437,

Erbia, 437

Erbium, 437

Erectile dysfunction, 419

Iv
IS
iS
IS

t
B
&
g
i

Ergosterol, 73,
Ergot, 73

ERO, 239

Essential Amino Acids, 420
Essential fatty acids, 373
Essential minerals, 407
Essential nutrients, 371, 400
Etorphine, 253

Eu, 437

Euclid, 30,

Euclid’s axioms, 30

Eugenic marriage, 176
Eugenics, 174-5, 237, 239, 358
Eugenics Record Office, 239
Euphrates River, 15

EPIGENETICS

Europium, 437,
Evans, Gary, 432
Evil eye, 26

Evil spirits, 12, 20

F, 437,

Fallen angel, 38

Familial, 189

Familiar, 60

Fanconi syndrome, 463

Fat soluble vitamins, 375
Fatty liver, 389

FDA, 84

Fe, 438

Fenn, Elizabeth, 138

Fertile Crescent, 15
Fibromyalgia, 382

Finger, Stanley, 19

Flame spectroscopy, 433
Flavonoids, 392

Fleming, Alexander, 135-36
Flesh-eating Streptococcus, 458
Flexner, Abraham, 116
Flexner Report, 76, 116, 327
Flourine, 437

===== Screenshot (719) -- Page 903 of 936 =====
Folic acid, 388

Fontechevade Cave, 13

Fod and Drug Administration, 84
Four humours, 18, 92

Fowler's solution, 411.

Fr, 440

Francis, George Rene, 421.
Francium, 440

Franklin, Rosalind, 207, 484, 487
Freemartin, 355

Free radical, 460

Freshwater dolphin, 297

Fruit flies, 173

Fugger, Sigismund, 43

Funicello, Annette, 444

Funk, Casimir, 273

G

Ga, 440
Gacy, John W., 450
Gadolinite, 440
Gadolinium, 440

Galen, 25, 46, 92, 98, 100
Galileo, 47

Galium, 440

Gallo, Robert, 146

EPIGENETICS

Galton, Francis, 157, 174-179

Gangrene organisms, 458

Garden of Eden, 15,

Gargas Cave, 12

Gastric acid, 386,

Gastrula, 341,

Gay behavior, 345

Gay population, 356

Gay twins, 357, 358

Gd, 440

Ge, 132, 441

Gein, Edward, 450

Gemini, 19

Gemmules, 173

Genetic diseases, 3, 75, 186, 192, 244, 284, 361, 303-04, 307, 310-11, 316, 330-
BA, 338, 346, 349-50, 364


212,218
Genetic marker, 303, 338

Genetic engineering,

Genetic potential, 218

IS

Genetic Transmission Theory, 3, 20, 171, 186, 311, 330
Genome, 211

Geophagia, 234, 439

Georg Ebers Papyrus, 23, 91.

Georgia witch hunt, 74

Germ plasm, 173

Germ Theory, 125, 224, 361.

Germanium, 441

Germanium sesquioxide, 441

===== Screenshot (720) -- Page 905 of 936 =====
German witchcraft, 65

Gesell, Judge Gerhard, 240
Glauber, Johann Rudolf, 50
Glaber's salt, 50

Glacial milk, 405,

Glen, Mike, 334

Gluten, 194, 245

Gluten-free diet, 194, 332, 338
Gluten intolerance, 189, 245, 371
Goblin ore, 429

Goddard, Henry, 177

Goiter, 445,

Goitrogens, 445

Gold, 37, 412

Gold beaters, 427

Goldberger, Joseph, 223

Gold cooks, 35,

Gold sodium thiomalate, 412
Gold thioglucose, 412

Gordon Collection, 344
Gordon, Dr. Ronald R., 355
Gorski, Roger A. 357

Grady Memorial Hospital, 303, 35


Grease, 139
Great Depression, 237, 240
Greater Berlin Papyrus, 90
Greek fever, 39

Greeks, 37

EPIGENETICS

Green River Murderer, 450
Griggs, Dr. William, 71
Guano, 220

Guano Islands, 220
Guinet, Paul, 354
Gunpowder Priestly, 157
Gut factories, 427

Guy Collection, 343
Gyorgy, Paul, 388

H

H, 447
Hafnium, 443,

Hahnemann, Dr. Samuel, 110

Hajek, Dr. Thaddeus, 44
Haldane, J.B. S., 168
Halogen, 416, 427

Hanta virus, 459

Harrison, Todd, 333
Harthoorn, Dr. Anthony, 253

Harvard School of Medicine, 335

Harvey, Dr. William, 61, 105,
Hashimoto's disease, 446
Haslem, Tinky, 278

Hatters, 444

Hayflick, Dr. Leonard, 375,


335,
342, 476

===== Screenshot (721) -- Page 906 of 936 =====
Hayflick Limit, 375,

He, 442

Healthy Bone and Joint Pak, 325
Hearst Egyptian Expedition, 91
Hearst Papyrus, 23, 91
Helium, 442

Hellenic Philosophy, 37
Hemingway, Ernest, 345
Hemingway's cats, 345
Henry, Dr. Bill, 329
Herbert, Dr. Victor, 83
Hereditary Genius, 175
Hermaphrodite, 353
Hermes, 353

Hermetic medicine, 18
Herpes Il, 459

Hess, Alfred, 378

Heston, Charleton, 451
Hesy-Ra, 87

Herodotus, 25
Heterosexual, 357
Hexenhaus, 65

Hf, 443,

Hg, 443

Hippocrates, 18, 30
Hippocratic corpus, 30, 92
Hippocratic Oath, 93, 320
Histidine, 395

EPIGENETICS

Hitler, Adolf, 179, 237
Hitler's Table Talk, 179
Hittite Empire, 23

Hittite plague, 24

HIV, 34, 146, 459, 467, 468
Hluhlue Game Reserve, 252
HMS Beagle, 159, 298,

Ho, 444

Holy water, 447

Holmes, Oliver Wendell, 178, 479
Holmium, 444
Holoproencephaly, 344
Homeopathy, 110
Homeosis, 344
Homeostasis, 442, 481
Homer, 22, 25
Homogenocene, 220
Homoheidelbergensis, 12
Homunculus, 172
Homosexual, 352, 354
Hooke, Robert, 126
Howard, Dr. Jim, 249
Huatan, 46

Human Genome Project, 211, 212
Human Studbook, 359
Humboldt, Friedrich, 221
Humic shale, 406
Hunterian Collection, 344

===== Screenshot (722) -- Page 908 of 936 =====
Huntington's chorea, 186, 346
Huntington's disease, 3, 186, 346
Hutchinson, G. Evelyn, 221
Hutterite, 241

Hutterite Malformation Syndrome, 244
Huxley, Aldous, 179, 356

Hybrid, 166, 174
Hydroencephaloceol, 345, 388
Hydrogen, 441

Hydrogen peroxide, 460

Hydroxy apatite, 421

Hyle, 40

Hypatia, 41

Hypercalcemia, 422


Hyperkeratosis, 377
Hyperparathyroidism, 422

Hypertension, 423

Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, 244, 285, 332, 380
Hypochlorhydria, 370

Hypophosphatemia, 462

Hypothyroidism, 348

Hyssop, 99

1,445,
lagotta, Elaine, 335

EPIGENETICS

Ice Age, 13,

Ice eating, 235
Idioplasm, 173,
dpa, 12

Mad, 21

Imhotep, 23, 90
Immortal cells, 375

In, 446
Inborn errors of metabolism, 345, 361, 389
Indium, 446,

Industrial Revolution, 377
Infectious blood, 225

Inositol, 392,

Inotrophic effect, 472

Institute for Nutraceutical Research, 83,
Intersex, 353, 355,

Intrinsic factor, 386

lodine, 445

lowa State Diagnostic Laboratory, 249
lowa State University, 249

Ir, 447
Iridium, 447

tron, 438

tron baby, 438
Isoleucine, 395

Italian witchcraft, 66
Ivanowsky, Dimitri, 137

===== Screenshot (723) -- Page 910 of 936 =====
Jack the Ripper, 450
Janssen, Zacharias, 126
Jefferson, Thomas, 50
Jenner, Dr. Edward, 139-141
Jericho, 15

Jerry's Kids, 332

Jerry Lewis Productions, 75
Jim Crow Laws, 240

Joan of Arc, 62

Jobs, Steve, 496

Johns Hopkins School of Medicine, 82, 306
Jorgenson, Christine, 353,
Journal of Zoo Animal Medicine, 286
Juicing, 405

Jung, Carl Gustav, 114
Jungle telegraph, 254
Jupiter, 17

Jura Mountains, 21

Jura River, 21

Justinian, 42

Justinian Plague, 126

EPIGENETICS

Kahun Papyrus, 90

Kawasaki disease, 3, 352, 436

Kelly, Edward, 44

Kenny, Dr. John A., 228

Keratin, 376

Keratitis, 376

Keratosis, 376

Keratomalacia, 376

Keshan disease, 194, 330, 331, 332, 350, 351, 495
Kidney failure, 3

Kidney stones, 285, 423

Kill zone, 250

Kinsey, Alfred, 356

Kintner, Dr. Loren, 248

Klaus Schwarz commemorative Medal, 81
KNH Center for Egyptology, 21
Knievel, Evil, 333

Knievel, Lauren, 333

Knights Templar, 62

Kobold, 429

Koch, Robert, 133

Koch's Postulates, 150

Korsakoff's syndrome, 189, 224, 360
Kos, 92

Kr, 447,

Kruger National Park, 252, 256
KSCO, 333

Kwashiorkor, 254

IS

===== Screenshot (724) -- Page 911 of 936 =====
Krypton, 447

La, 447,

Labarraque, Antoine-Germain, 427
Lamkruis, 149, 434
Lancaster, Sir James, 227
Landis, Hans 242
Landucci, Lucas 342
Lang, Herbert 252
Lanthanum, 447

Lascaux Cave, 13

Late Bronze Age, 22
LaVecchia, 66

Lead, 462

Leadzyme, 463

Leceti, Fortunio, 343
Leeuwenhoek, Anton van, 126
Legg-Perthes, 423
LeMery, Nicolas, 235,
Lentz, Moody, 282

Leo, 19

Lepe, Lucian, 369
Leucine, 395

Leucippus, 40

LeVay, Simon, 357,

EPIGENETICS

Levy, Steve, 337,
Lewis, Jerry 86, 332

Leyden Papyrus 39

Ui, 447

Libra, 19

Lifestyle choice, 356
Limb-girdle muscular dystrophy, 244
Lime, 422

Limestone, 422

Limey, 227

Lincoln Park Zoo, 295,

Lind, Dr. James, 227, 390
Lipids, 418

Lithium, 236, 447-451

Liver cancer, 287

Liver cirrhosis, 466

Liver necrosis, 466

Liver spots, 466

Livingston, Dr. David, 234
Lobster Claw Syndrome, 345,
Locura manganica, 453,

London Medical Papyrus, 23, 91
Lorenzo's Oil, 466

Lou Gehrig's disease, 444
Lourdes, 441

Lowig, Carl Jacob, 416

Lu, 451,

Lucretius, 39

===== Screenshot (725) -- Page 913 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Lully, Raymond, 43, Mars, 16
Lupus, 3, 371 Martindale's Extra Pharmacopoeia, 21
Lutecium, 457, Marzel, Dr. Lori, 324
Luther, Martin, 33, Massachusetts Bay Colony, 70
Lycosthenes, Conrad, 342 Massey, Dr. James, 329
Lying-in homes, 97 Master race, 178
Lying-in hospitals, 97 Max Planck Institute, 12
Lysine, 396, Mayer, Adolf, 137
McBride, Dr. William, 345
M McClure, Dr. Harold, 193, 301.
McCollum, €. V., 378
M-, 99 253 MacCoy, Dr. Brian, 324
Ma, Do, 194 Meconium ileus, 191.
Ma, Dr. Lan, 194, 330 Mennonites, 241, 243
MCAT, 117 Medes, 22

Medical papyri, 23

Medical racism, 239

Medicine, 16

Mellanby, Edward, 378

Mendel, Gregor, 155, 161-167
Menghini, V., 235

Menkes Kinky Hair Syndrome, 352

Macular degeneration, 3, 334
Mad Cow Disease, 150, 434
Mad Cow Syndrome, 150
Mad as a Hatter, 444

Magic, 55,

Magnus, Albertus, 410
Magnesium, 451

Male pattern baldness, 469, Mercuric nitrate paste, 444

Mercury, 16, 443
Mergiletus, Agustus Fredericus, 233
Mertz, Dr. Walter, 346

Metal from the sky, 14

Methionine, 396

Malignant calcification, 452
Malpighi, Dr. Marcello, 109
Manganese, 452

Marfan’s syndrome, 435

===== Screenshot (726) -- Page 915 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Mesopotamian world, 16, 135

Metallic fingers, 474

Metalloenzymes, 457

Methyl mercury poisoning, 441

Mg, 451

Miasma, 478

Mickey Mouse Club, 444

Michigan Old Man Stabber, 449

Microscope, 126

Middle Stone Age, 16

Miller, Clinton, 318

Minamata disease, 441

Minerals, need for, 4-6, 31, 46, 79, 81, 83, 85, 111, 116, 118-20, 159-60, 190,
221-2, 228-31, 234-7, 248-9. 8
340, 346, 356-9, 361, 363-5, 368-72, 401-

Minims, 48

Mississippi appendectomies, 241,

Missouri National Guard, 323

Mithridates, VI, 31

Mithridatium, 31.

Mitochondrial myopathies, 196

Mitosis, 172

Mixers, 113

Mn, 452

Mo, 454

Model Eugenical Sterilization Law, 239

Molecular biology, 185

Molecular disease, 200

Molecular machines, 184

Moller, Dr. Alfred, 293
Molybdenum, 454

Monardes, Nicolas, 235

Monk calf, 342

Monsters, 15, 342

Montagnier, Luc 147

Montana witch hunt, 77

Moore, Dr. William, 76

Mooti, 254

Morgan, Thomas Hunt, 174
Mortuary cannibalism, 31, 32,
Mosander, Carl Gustaf, 437
Mudgett, Dr. Herman, 450.
Mulberry heart disease, 194
Muller, Herman Joseph, 204
Mum, 32

Mumiyah, 32

Mummy dust, 31, 32

Mummy factories, 31, 32
Munchies, 228-9, 234, 359
Murphy, Dr. Jerry, 337

Murray, Dr. Joseph E. 120
Muscular Dystrophy Association, 86
Muscular dystrophy, 3, 75, 86, 244, 285, 331, 332, 351, 466, 467
Muscular Dystrophy Telethon, 86
Mutation, 166,

Mutter Collection, 344

===== Screenshot (727) -- Page 916 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Mutual of Omaha's Wild Kingdom, 250
Mycoplasma, 459

N, 454
Na, 455,

Nabopalassar, 29

NaCl, 456

NAD, 412

Nalorphine, 256

Namtar, 12, 26

Napoleon Il, 408

NASA, 300, 302, 309
Nasar, Dr. Victor 75, 305
Natal, 251

Natal Game Reserves, 254

los

7,

National College of Naturopathic Medicine, xi, 194, 320,
National Health Federation, 318

National Poison Center, 316
Nature and Nurture, 176
Naturopathic medicine, 6-7, 322.
Naturopathic physician, 6-7, 79-80, 81, 82, 113, 194, 320-22, 324-28, 333, 503
Nazi doctors, 180

Nazi Germany, 180, 237

Nazi Party, 180

Nb, 456

NBC, 323,
NCNM, 320, 322, 324
Nd, 456


Ne, 457

Neanderthal, 12, 14
Neander Valley, 12, 14
Nebuchadnezzar, 29
Negro disease, 223
Neodymium, 456
Neon, 457
Neptunium, 457

Nero, 31, 59

Neural tube defect, 388
Nevada witch hunt, 75,
New Kingdom, 24
Newton, Sir Isaac, 50, 109
New World, 222

NHF, 318

Ni, 457

Niacin, 383,
Nicephorus, 42

Nickel, 457

Night blindness, 375
NIH, 300, 312
Niobium, 456
Nitrogen, 454

Noble juices, 126

===== Screenshot (728) -- Page 918 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

North Carolina witch hunt, 76

Np, 457

NSH, 285

Nucleic acids, 454

Nuclein, 172

Nuremburg Race Laws, 180

Nutrition, disease-causing deficiencies of, 20, 75, 80-2, 85, 111, 150-51, 169,
173, 190-92, 194-96, 222-24, 227-30, 236, 244-245, 249, 254, 283-85, 288
294, 296-304, 308-09, 317, 319-22, 330, 341, 345-47, 350-53, 367-474

Nutritional-deficiency, health problems from, 20, 190-91, 229-30, 233, 358-60,
364, 367-474

Nutritional secondary hyperparathyroidism, 285

°

0, 45

ANP, 320

Obesity, 359

Occupational medicine, 454
Oceans dying, 288

Odyssey, 25

Oerstad, Hans Christian, 410
Offit, Dr. Paul, 84

Old Man Stabber, 450

Old Stone Age, 16

Old Testament, 38

Oliver, Phil, 200

Olovnikoy, Alexi, 375
Olympiodorus, 38

Oman, Sir Charles, 61

On the Nature of Things, 39

Operation Elephant, 279, 292

Operation Rhino, 251-279

Ophites, 41

Opium poppy, 21

Oppenheimer, Dr. E. H., 306

Oregon Air National Guard, 323

Oregon Association of Naturopathic Physicians, 320
Orfitt, Tommy, 278

Ormazd, 56

Os, 461,

OSHA, 454

Osler, Dr. William, 92

Osmium, 461
Osteoarthritis, 376
Osteomalacia, 376
Osteopathy, 112
Osteopenia, 376


Osteophagia, 236
Osteoporosis, 376
Ostrich-footed People, 345,
Ostrogoths, 67

otzi 20,

Otztaler, Alps 20

Oxygen, 457

===== Screenshot (729) -- Page 920 of 936 =====
Ozone, 460

P

P, 461

Pa, 462

Paintings, 13

Pagophagia, 235

Paleolithic, 16, 421

Palin, Gov. Sarah, 365
Palladium, 463

Palmer, D. D., 113

Palmer, Harold “Red” 250, 253
Panacea, 36, 37

Pancreatitis, 466

Pangaea, 218, 219

Pangenes, 173

Panic attack, 423

Paracelsus, 37, 43, 102
Parathormone, 425
Parathyroid gland, 425

Paré, Dr. Ambroise, 343
Parkinson's disease, 3, 188, 335, 336
Parkinsonian syndrome, 453
Pasteur, Louis, 125, 131-5, 141-2, 311, 330, 361, 482-5

Pasteurization, 133
Pathagoras, 42

EPIGENETICS

Pauling, Dr. Linus, 197, 484
Paulus, Aemilius, 39
Payton, Walter, 335

Pb, 462

Pd, 463

Pearson, Karl, 176
Pellagra, 222, 492
Pellagra microbe, 224, 492
Penicillin, 135,

Pentarbe, 45,

Peptide bonds, 419
Pepto-Bismol, 415
Perfusion, 480

Periodontal disease, 421
Peripheral neuropathies, 421, 423, 433
Perkins, Marlin, 250, 282
Pernicious anemia, 387
Perosis, 411

Persian bitumen, 31
Peruvian booby, 220
Peruvian cormorant, 220
Peruvian pelican, 220
Peters, Dr. James, 194
Peterson, Dr. Malcom, 282
Petrie papyri, 90
Pharmacognosy, 324
Pharmacological Codex, 21
Phenylalanine, 397

===== Screenshot (730) -- Page 922 of 936 =====
Philosopher's stone, 35-36, 43-46, 50
Phosphate appetite, 236

Phosphorus, 49, 46

Physician-caused disaster, 230, 360, 378.

Physician-caused disease, 7, 228-30, 360,

Phytates, 424
Pica, 229, 233, 439
Picasso, Pablo, 13

Pig arthritis formula, 325
Pillard, Dr. Richard, 356
Pink bismuth, 415,
Pinkums, Lydia, 481
Pisces, 19

Piss prophets, 477

Pit of bones, 12

Pitch, 32
PKU, 397

Plague, 126

Plant minerals, 406
Platinum, 464

Plato, 35, 354

Player, lan, 253, 257
Pliny the Elder, 38, 59
Ploetz, Alfred, 177
Plutarch, 60
Plumbism, 462
Plutonium, 464

Pm, 463


2
379, 445,

EPIGENETICS

Po, 463

Po River, 21

Polje, 445

Polio, 145-6.

Polonium, 463
Polydactyly, 345
Polymath, 247
Polymeres, 182
Poppaea, 59

Poppy, 22

Potable gold, 16, 443
Potassium, 447

Potato, 220, 483,
Powdered mummy, 32
Pox of physicians, 103
Pr, 463,

Praseodymium, 463,
Preparation of Steel, 235
Press, Irina, 353

Press, Tamara, 353
Price, Dr. Weston A., 117
Priestly, Joseph, 157
Primary sclerosing cholangitis, 304, 317
Primrose, Dr. James, 477
Prions, 149-51, 435
Promethium, 463

===== Screenshot (731) -- Page 923 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS


Proteome, 183 Ramazini, Dr. Bernardo, 454
Protestant Church, 69 Ramesseum Papyri, 90
Protestant Reformation, 69 Ramsey, Deborah, 331, 338
Protoactinium, 462 Ramsey, Dr. Frank, 249
Psychiatry, 114 Rare earth, 426, 436, 437, 444, 457, 469, 471, 472, 473
Psychoanalysis, 114 Ratliff, Theo, 334
Pt, 464 Ravenna Monsters, 342
Ptolemaic system, 58 Rb, 464
Pu, 464 RDA, 373
Puerperal fever, 127, 478 Re, 464
Pugh, Dr. Ronald, 335 Reaumur, Rene, 416
Purines, 185 Rebaptizers, 247,
Puritan, 69 Recommended daily allowances, 373
Pythagoras, 29 Redox switch, 468
Red Ripper, 449
Q Reed, Danielle, 176

Renaissance, 37, 92
Quackwatch, 78, 82, 368 Renner, Dr. John, 83
Repetitive motion syndrome, 411, 454

Retardation centers, 223

R

Retinol, 376

Rh, 464
Ra, 464, Rhabdomyalisis, 467
Rabies, 134, 142-5, 482 Rhazes, 101
Race for Africa, 178 Rhenium, 46,
Racial hygiene, 180 Rhine River, 483
Radium, 464 Rhodium, 464
Radon, 464

Rhone River, 21

===== Screenshot (732) -- Page 925 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS


Ribonucleic acid, 185, 407 Salk, Dr. Jonas, 145-46
Rickets, 227-28 Salt appetite, 5, 229, 233
Riuyo, 224 Salt coin, 231
River Nile, 88 Salt disc, 231
Rn, 464. Salt hunger, 229, 232, 456
RNA, 185, 407 Salt March, 232
Robota system, 162 Salt ration, 231
Roman Empire, 30 Salt restricted diet, 230, 232-233, 236
Rooney, Andy, 85 Salt tax, 232
Ropp, Marvin, 331 Salt Town, 231
Rosenkreuz, Christian, 49 Samarium, 469
Rosicrucian fraternity, 49 Sammonicus, Serenus, 39
Royal Society, 48, 139, Sanborn Field, 247
Ru, 464 Sangar, Frederick, 211
Rubidium, 464 Sargon of Agade, 17
Rush, Dr. Benjamin, 327 Saturn, 17
Ruthenium, 464 Sb, 465,

Sc, 465,
s Scandium, 465

Schlesser, Dr. Jerry, 320
Schneider, Anton, 172

Schrauzer, Dr. G.N., 147, 319, 448
Schistosomiasis, 250

Schleiden, Mathias, 160
Schuessler, Dr. Wilhelm H., 111.
‘Schwann, Theodor, 160

Schwarz, Dr. Klaus, 319, 438
Schweitzer, Dr. Albert, 475

S, 465

Sabin, Dr. Albert, 145-46, 147
Sagan, Carl, 53.

Sagittarius, 19

Salary, 231

Salem witch trials, 68

Salk Institute, 81,

===== Screenshot (733) -- Page 927 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS


Scoliosis, 423 Sleeping beauty cells, 460
Scorpio, 19 Slipped tendon, 452

Scurge of the navy, 390 sm, 469

Scrapie, 149 Smallpox, 138

Scrimshaw, 17 Smith, John, 219

Scrofula, 458 Smith Papyrus, 88

Serying, 44 Sn, 469

Scurvy, 226-27, 390 Social Darwinism, 174, 176-7
Se, 466 Social Engineering, 174-!
Seaborg, Dr. Glenn T., 428 Society for Racial Hygiene, 177
Seal limb, 345, Sodium, 455,

Selective breeding, 176 Soil deficiencies, 245
Selenium, 304, 317, 319, 466-8, 489-95, 508 Soylent Green, 451.
Selenomethionine, 351 Spagyric, 43,

Semmelweis, Dr. Ignaz, 127, 478 Special Theory of Relativity, 33
Sensenig, Dr. Jim, 320, 323, 328, 329 Sphinx, 60

Shaw's Botanical Garden, 282 Spina bifida, 388

Shedd Aquarium, 295 Spinal muscular dystrophy, 244
Si, 469 Spondylitis, 423,

Sickle-cell anemia, 3, 127, 197, 199-200, 237 Spontaneous generation, 132, 141, 361.
Sickle-cell Support Group, 201 sr, 470

SIDS, 466, 468 Steele, Nick, 260

Silica, 469 Steely wool, 149, 434

Silicon, 469 Stellar Control, 15

Silt, 288 Stephanus, 42

Silver, 407 Still, Dr. Andrew, 112

Singlet oxygen, 460 St. Louis University, 75, 313,
SLE, 413 St. Louis Zoological Park, 282

===== Screenshot (734) -- Page 928 of 936 =====
Stockholm Papyrus, 39
Stone Age, 422

Stronger races, 178

Strontium, 470

Strontium, 90, 470

Studbook, 176

Sudden Infant Death Syndrome, (SIDS), 466
Sulfhydryl groups, 465,

Sulfite oxidase, 454

Sulfur, 465

Sunset review, 327

Super bugs, 136

Supreme god, 27

Survival of the fittest, 178, 220

Sushruta, 92

Sutton, Walter, 173

Sweat test, 194, 348

Systemic lupus erythematosus, 465
Szent-Gyorgyi, Dr. Albert, 227, 390

T

Ta, 470

Tantalum, 470

Takaki, Cpt. Kanekiro, 224
Tatar emetic, 465
Taurine, 398

EPIGENETICS

Taurus, 18

Taylor, Elizabeth, 326, 424
Taylor, Dr. Will, 147

Tb, 470

TB, 19, 458

Tc, 470

TCM, 110

Te, 470,

Technetium, 470

Tellurium, 470

Telomere, 374, 375, 379, 394, 466
Telomerase, 375

Terbia, 470

Terbium, 470

Test tube babies, 361

Tetany, 423

Th, 470

Thalidomide babies, 345,
Thalidomide teratogenesis, 345,
Thallium, 470

The Book, 299, 329

The Diseases of Exotic Animals, 80, 258, 329-30


On the Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection (1859), 160, 175

The Origin of Species, 178-80, 292, 484
Theophilus, 41

Theriac, 31

The Stinger, 334

Thorium, 470

===== Screenshot (735) -- Page 930 of 936 =====
EPIGENETICS

Thoth, 18 Trigger finger, 411
Thrasyllus, 60 Trisomy, 363

Three sexes, 354 Troyer Syndrome, 244
Threonine, 398 Troxel, Dr. John, 313, 322
Thulium, 471 Tryptophan, 372, 384, 394
Thyroid, 445 Tuberculosis, 458
Thyroxin, 445 Tularemia, 24

Ti, 470 Tungsten, 472

Tiber River, 15 Tuskegee experiment, 238
Tigris River, 15 Tutankhamen, 14

Tin, 469 TV 20/20, 316

Tincal, 469 Twitches, 423

Tinley, John, 260 Tyrannion, 39

Tissue Bank, 286 Tyrosine, 399

Titanium, 470

Tl 470 U

Tm, 471

MJ, 411 u.471

Total parenteral nutrition, 462 Urban vil, 48

Tourette's Syndrome, 187, 423 Ucsp, 81, 319

Tower of Babel, 28 Ultimate Classic, 84

TPN, 462

Umfolozi Game Reserve, 252

Transformation, 181 Unas, King, 23

Transmitter of inheritance, 172

Traditional Chinese Medicine, 110, 501, Universal Remedy, 36

Universal Lexicon, 36

Treatise on Scurvy, 227, 390
Triathletes, 352
Trigeminal neuralgia, 423

University of California (San Diego), 81, 319
University of Chicago, 204

===== Screenshot (736) -- Page 932 of 936 =====
University of Missouri, 81, 247, 249

University of Paris, 64

University of Wisconsin, 85, 369

UPI, 315

Upper Paleolithic Period, 14

Uranium, 471

Urinalysis, 87, 471

USA Today witch hunt, 84

U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, 85,
U.S. Patent No. 1, 221

Vv

Vv, 471

Vaccine, 139

Valine, 400

Valley Fever, 459

Vampires, 449

Vampire Rapist, 449

Vampire of Sacramento, 449

Van Helmont, Dr. James Baptist, 37
Vanadium, 471

Varicose veins, 434

Vascular dementia, 360

Vedic Period, 88

Vienna General Hospital, 97
Violent behavior, nutritional deficiency associated with, 346, 435, 448-451

EPIGENETICS

Virgo, 19

Viruses, 121, 134, 137-149, 182, 249, 301-2, 307, 361, 370, 393, 458, 459, 468,
485,

Vitaligo, 433

Vitalism, 480

Vitamins, 6, 81, 118-19, 227-8, 254, 284-5, 296-7, 300, 318, 326, 335-7, 340,
356, 358, 363-5, 368-9, 372-5, 377, 379, 381, 380-382, 386, 492, 495, 505~
8 541

Vital-amines, 224

Voegtlin, Carl, 223

Voertrekkers, 251,

Von Humboldt, Friedrich Wilhelm Alexander, 221,

Vosges Mountains, 58

Voyutsky, S. S., 404

Vrolik, Willem, 343, 344

Vryheid, 251.

Vulpian, Dr. M., 144,

WwW

W, 472

Wabau, 87

Walford, Dr. Roy, 432

Walker, Dr. Don, 329

Wallach, Dr. Joel D., 192, 193, 247, 329, 487
Wallach, Josephine E,, 310

Wankie Game Reserve, 278, 292

===== Screenshot (737) -- Page 934 of 936 =====
Warburg, Dr. Otto, 459
Washington University, 282
Washington witch hunt, 78

Water intoxication, 456

Water soluble vitamins, 381.

W. B. Saunders Publishing Co., 293
Watson, James D., 185, 203-07, 209, 485, 496
Wei Po-Yang, 36, 46

Welt, Frau, 342,
Wernicke-Korsakoff’s syndrome, 360
White magic, 69

White rhino, 251,

White Umfolozi River, 252,

Wilkins, Maurice, 207

Williams, Ted, 424

Williams, Dr. Weaver, 295,
Windows of Hope Foundation, 244
Wilson's syndrome, 460

Wisdom of the body, 4

Witches, 59

Witch bishops, 665

Witches’ House 65,

Witch hunts, 69,

Witches teat, 72

Woodall, Dr. John, 226

Wood ashes, 119, 221

World Empire, 22

World War Il, 33, 180

EPIGENETICS

x

Xe, 472
Xenon, 472
Xerophthalmia, 376
Xia, Pin, 194

XX (female), 354
XY (male), 354

Y

Y, 472

Yb, 473,

Yerkes Reginal Primate Research Center, 85, 192, 300, 309, 314, 487
Yitterbium, 473

Yitterby, 437

Yittrium, 472

Yttria, 437,

You are what you absorb, 370

Young, Dr. Hugh, 355

Youngevity, 83

Zz
Zambesi River, 251

Zedler H., 36
Ziggurat, 28

===== Screenshot (738) -- Page 935 of 936 =====
Zimbabwe, 273
Zinc, 43, 473
Zirconium, 474
Zn, 473,
Zodiac, 17
Zoe, 226


EPIGENETICS

Zoroster, 56
Zosimus, 38
Zr, 474
Zulu, 251
Zygote, 341

