Cause, Prevention & Cure of 
OBESITY, DIABETES & METABOLIC SYNDROME 
By the creators of 
DEAD DOCTORS DON’T LIE 
J.D. Wallach, bs, DVM, ND 
Ma Lan, MD, MS, LAc

Digitized by the Internet Archive 
in 2022 with funding from 
Kahle/Austin Foundation 
https://archive.org/details/hellskitchencausO000wall

By the creators of 
Dead Doctors Don’t Lie! 
A 2S 
<I 
1ELL $ 
KITCHEN Cause, Prevention & Cure of 
OBESITY, DIABETES & METABOLIC SYNDROME 
Dr. Joel D. Wallach, BS, DVM, ND 
and 
lr Ma Lan, MbeiiselAc

Library of Congress Cataloging in Publications Data: 
1. Longevity 2. Obesity 3. Diets 4. Ashes 5. Minerals 
6. Essential Nutrients 7. Wood 8. Fire 9. Coal 10. Diabetes 
11. Metabolic Syndrome 12. Pica 13. Munchies 14. Peat 
15. Recipes 16. Solar Income 17. Culinary Ashes 
18. Feedlot Syndrome. 19. Electricity 20. Steam Engine 
21. Industrial Revolution. 
HELES KITCHEN 
First Edition, January 2005 
Second Edition, August 2011 
Third Edition, January 2015 
Copyright © December 2004 by Dr. Joel Wallach, Dr. Ma Lan and 
Wellness Publications LLC 
All Rights Reserved 
ISBN 0-9748581-1-0 
No part of this book may be copied or published in any form 
without written consent of the authors and publisher. 
Printed and published by Wellness Publications LLC 
P.O. Box 1222, Bonita, CA 91902 
www.drjwallach.com 
1-800-755-4656 USA and Canada 
1-619-420-2435 local and international

Table of Contents 
SOU UTES) EOT 2 a, a Vv 
(EGET 0 seer ne ne ntente ee eee Re pee viii 
Better om POnpevitvarmenmertea iOVen eeeea ts <2). 2le 5... ee ce xi 
CLP SU E27 DS ean ge a eR eT ] 
SORA Tg! PLAS UO tan ertag oe a ate AVN dl oe: 17 
Chapter oO oe (Odes, Oaths er MeCUCING fr, oo: ee ss ccccagsnanswecvalnste 33 
Ghaptert, Miospitalsa The Roadito Pell sc joe eesti. Sees ud 
PMapler.d. «Wie miner yy Mon ishe 1-5 \terdad.. pete Uae at vss sckdyevess capes 57 
Siva teuOnesl heiehRevoiion fycd...Aushceers en A aan 77 
PSA teria) FICS POLK pate VSS CVE Ds yu c5ecesx noni veratrareacdywasuners 89 
CAE TRICE) el BE! ISS SI Gy | cl: AB ieee eer Mee Be em 107 
WAAR CT ee Oey LATING VY ALS soe ac cca cad esc entd cs cesiseohccninne ote 133 
Ghantera 0 ihe teediot syndnomensa sis is oss: Seneees 165 
(Shapter ! 1 Pica” Chipping and the Munchies ....-c...---..-0see.s0-2 Lis 
Chapter 12 Mineral Premix: Culinary Minerals ...................... 189 
Chapter 13 Size Does Matter: the Key to Cellular Fitness ....... 209 
Chapter 14 Obesity, Diabetes & the Metabolic Syndrome ...... pple 
MerAp (en mp ale OO kia Ue ue tee Ge Caen eee 251 
Peieaipcet. LO Wallach Se OOC ICL sesshctresapccnn grates Meannnens 263 
are i ales irre. ba byes virr a: tees, deta estace cae 21 
Beet a Recipes LO ive FOMh s, sbsc sion sions g2 sags eoubancacnstip st 287 
RE alte ge RA Be Belatsl alg (y Nee cree Bee Ber omn or Sonera NY ee ere emer eae S24, 
ad Ay SrA OR abe! Eller: Rest eile proment REA vOR oe eCESEE BERET EE 371 
SR a tie sa ad Wi edicts, NVA Posed sik icoinosian nn yp os 375

Acknowledgements 
We gratefully acknowledge the 
editing help and council of 
Steve Wallach, Michelle Wallach, 
Dr. Gerhardt Schrauzer, 
Vince Marasigan, Wiley Hurt, John Taylor, 
Mary Anne Gordon and Char Murphy. 
Dedication 
We would like to dedicate this book, 
HELES KITCHEN 
to our children Steve Wallach, Sarah Makis, 
Jeremiah Wallach and Jennifer Wallach; 
our grandchildren Jonathon, Zachary, Nikoloas, 
Jacqueline, Natali, Shannon and Mollie; 
and our first great grandchild Nashua.

About the Authors 
Dr. Joel D. Wallach, Bs, DVM, ND 
Dr. Wallach has been involved in biomedical research and clini- 
cal medicine for more than 47 years. He received his B.S. degree 
(agriculture) from the University of Missouri with a major in animal 
husbandry (nutrition) and a minor in field crops and soils; a D.V.M. 
(veterinary medicine) from the University of Missouri; three year post 
doctoral fellowship (comparative pathology/medicine), Washington 
University, St. Louis, MO - The Center for the Biology of Natural 
Systems (The St. Louis Zoological Gardens, Shaw’ Botanical Gar- 
dens, Botany Department, Washington University); lowa State Uni- 
versity, Ames, lowa; Natal Parks Board, Umfolozi and Hluehluwe 
Game Parks, Republic of South Africa; St. Louis Zoological Gardens; 
The Chicago Zoological Gardens (Brookfield Zoo); Shedd Aquarium, 
Chicago, IL; Yerkes Regional Primate Research Center, Emory Uni- 
versity, Atlanta, GA; a N.D. (naturopathic physician), the National 
College of Naturopathic Medicine, Portland, OR; Harbin Medical Uni- 
versity, Harbin, Hei Long Jiang and the Shanghai Medical University, 
Peoples Republic of China. 
He was a member of NIH site visit teams for facilities using exotic 
animal models for the study of human disease for four years and was 
a member of the 1968 National Science Foundation ad hoc commit- 
tee that authored the 1968 Animal Welfare Act (humane housing, 
nutrition and care of laboratory and captive Exotic Species); a pro- 
fessor of nutrition at the National College of Naturopathic Medicine, 
Portland, OR; and a Consulting Professor of Medicine, Harbin Medi- 
cal University, Harbin, Hei Long Jiang, People’s Republic of China. 
Dr. Wallach has appeared as an expert witness in State and Fed- 
eral Courts as a comparative pathologist. 
Dr. Wallach attained the rank of Lieutenant Colonel in the Mis- 
souri Air National Guard (131st Tactical Hospital), known as 
“Lindberg’s own,” and the Alaskan Air Reserves with responsibilities 
in public health and prevention and clean up of nuclear, biological 
and chemical attacks in North America and Europe. 
V

Dr. Wallach was a recipient of the Wooster Beach Gold Medal 
Award (Association of Eclectic Physicians) for a significant break- 
through in the basic understanding of the cause and pathophysiol- 
ogy of Cystic Fibrosis. Dr. Wallach was nominated for the 1991 Nobel 
Prize in medicine (Association of Eclectic Physicians) for his work in 
the understanding of the genesis and pathophysiology of Cystic Fi- 
brosis. 
Dr. Wallach received the 2004 Guardian of the Constitution Award 
(Emord & Assoc.) for his proactive and successful litigation efforts in 
obtaining nutrition claims from the FDA for Selenium and Omega 3 
essential fatty acids. He also received the 2004 James Lind Scientific 
Achievement Award (Emord & Assoc.) for “brilliant discoveries that 
have paved the way for greater health and longevity” for Americans. 
Dr. Wallach has appeared frequently on local and national net- 
work and public radio and television (including a special on Cystic 
Fibrosis with ABC's 20/20), regional and national talk radio programs 
as an expert on trace mineral and rare earth deficiency diseases. Dr. 
Wallach is the host of his own syndicated talk radio show programs 
(Let's Play Doctor and Dead Doctors Don’t Lie). Because of his free- 
wheeling style of humor and ability to zero in on the basic truth in 
health problems and medical politics he is widely known as the “Rush 
Limbaugh” of alternative health. 
Dr. Wallach has given an average of 300 free health lectures per 
year for more than 15 years, literally reaching millions of enthusias- 
tic fans. His tape, Dead Doctors Don’t Lie (translated into eight lan- 
guages) has sold more than 62 million copies world wide. 
Dr. Wallach has more than 70 peer review publications to his 
credit including a major reference, The Diseases of Exotic Animals - 
published by W. B. Saunders. This 1,000 page illustrated text is listed 
by the Smithsonian Institute as, “A recommended reference for all 
professional zoological parks and aquariums.”

Ma Lan, MD, MS, LAc 
Dr. Ma Lan was educated in the People’s Republic of China. Dr. 
Ma Lan received her MD from the Beijing Medical University, took 
her residency at the People’s Hospital, Beijing and was a staff surgeon 
at the Canton Air Force Hospital; she received her MS (Master of 
Science) in transplantation immunology from Zhongshan Medical 
University, Canton, Peoples Republic of China; as with all Chinese 
doctors, Dr. Ma Lan was trained in Traditional Chinese Medicine 
(i.e. - acupuncture, herbs, manipulation, food medicine, massage and 
hydrotherapy) prior to entering the Western-style medical schools. 
Dr. Ma Lan’s research credits include being an exchange scholar 
at Harvard School of Medicine, Boston, MA; a research fellow in laser 
microsurgery at St. Joseph Hospital, Houston, TX; the Department 
of Orthopedic Surgery, the Medical College of Wisconsin, Milwau- 
kee, WI; and the Department of Pharmacology, University of Califor- 
nia, San Diego, CA. 
Dr. Ma Lan has 10 peer review publications to her credit in the 
fields of transplant immunology and laser vascular surgery. Dr. Ma 
Lan attained the rank of Lieutenant in the Chinese Air Force with 
primary responsibilities as a general surgeon in the Canton Air Force 
Hospital, PRC. 
vii

Introduction 
Despite extraordinary efforts by the federal government (U.S. De- 
partment of Agriculture, U.S. Surgeon General), various associations 
(American Heart Association, American Diabetes Association, Ameri- 
can Cancer Society, American Medical Association, etc.) and private 
companies and authors (Atkins Diet, South Beach Diet, Zone Diet, 
Dr. Wallach’s See Food Diet, etc.), the rates of diagnosis of overweight 
and obese Americans and diabetic Americans (in fact, the problem 
includes peoples of all industrialized nations) continues to go up at 
an ever increasing and an ever alarming rate - a metabolic pandemic! 
The actual cause of obesity (we call obesity the Feedlot Syndrome), 
diabetes, the Metabolic Syndrome and other chronic degenerative 
diseases have eluded the “best” efforts of all - unfortunately there are 
no laws requiring doctors to cure people when there are cures avail- 
able so they don’t even look for the cure - result, 65 percent of Ameri- 
cans are overweight and 40 percent are obese; we Americans have an 
epidemic of 1 million new cases of type II diabetes each year; we 
rank 26th in the world when it comes to health and longevity (there 
are 25 other countries whose peoples are healthier and lived 
longerthan we); we rank 29th in the world in live births and first 
year survivability of our babies - even though we spend more money 
annually for health care than all other countries combined ($1.6 tril- 
lion for the U.S. alone out of $2.7 trillion for the entire world). 
Obesity, and the metabolic diseases associated with it, is a symp- 
tom of our doctor’, our health care system’s and our government’ 
abysmal failures or purpose. Obesity is not the disease, obesity is not 
the enemy, obesity is but a symptom of a deeper nutritional defi- 
ciency, just as a fever is not the cause of pneumonia, but rather it is a 
symptom of an infection - and we all know that just lowering the 
elevated body temperature (the fever) back to normal with aspirin 
does not kill the bacteria or virus - the cure for an infection requires 
a viable immune system and sometimes a wound disinfectant or an 
antibiotic. 
Obesity is an anthropological problem, not a medical problem, 
therefore we can only solve the obesity problem by studying man, 
man’s successes and failures throughout the years. 
Vill

We looked back beyond written history and looked for clues that 
would show us what events, what technology, what people set us on 
the terrible path to the world pandemic of obesity - as a result we 
have found and identified the events millennia by millennia, century 
by century, decade by decade and year by year that have led up to 
our modern health crisis - we have identified the men, the technol- 
ogy and the time and date, Monday September 4, 1882 at 3:00 p.m. 
that set us on the “Road to Hell” and we have determined exactly 
how we got into “HELLS KITCHEN.” 
We chose HELLS KITCHEN as the title for this book because we 
wanted to illustrate all of the side effects of the technology that led to 
the epidemic of obesity, diabetes, Metabolic Syndrome and their com- 
plications. We chose HELLS KITCHEN because the name conjures 
up the borough in New York that “cooked up” all of the known evils 
of gang warfare, drugs, prostitution, organized crime, petty crime, 
pickpockets and graft. 
Knowing the basic, bottom line root cause of obesity and its as- 
sociated diseases has allowed us to focus in on the cause, to elimi- 
nate the cause and approach it with all of our strength and resources. 
As a result, we have found the basic root cause of obesity - over a 
short 50 year period we (all modern people) willingly gave up a ba- 
sic practice that humans from Europe, Asia, Africa, South America 
and North America have depended upon for tens of thousands of 
years for the advancement of mankind and for long healthy lives. 
We as a people have literally discarded our health inheritance 
and heritage, as we would grandma’ accumulations in the attic, the 
health and life supporting practices of throwing our wood, peat and 
kelp ashes (minerals left over when we burn carbon fuel) into our 
gardens, and cutting our valuable table salt with wood ash, and us- 
ing ashes for food preparation “culinary” ashes - practices that we 
had used on a daily basis for thousands of years. 
Mineral deficiencies result in cravings a.k.a., the munchies, that 
ultimately, produce obesity, diabetes and the Metabolic Syndrome. 
We can simply eliminate obesity, diabetes, the Metabolic Syndrome 
and other degenerative diseases in three to six months in America 
and in the world for that matter, if only we would all adhere to simple 
principals and supplement properly and cut back on most forms of 
ix

dietary sugars and carbohydrates. 
We gave up the free byproduct of heating and cooking (wood 
ashes) that we humans had employed as a source of nutritional min- 
erals before written history when we began to use electricity, natural 
gas and propane. Instead of replacing the lost source of nutritional 
minerals, we were convinced by the medical profession that we could 
replace nutrion with pharmaceuticals, surgery and health insurance 
- we chose poorly and we are paying the price in epidemics of nutri- 
tional deficiency diseases, higher medical costs and shorter lives. 
Unfortunately, there is too much profit ($750,000 per diabetic, 
and $117 billion annually for treating obesity in America alone) in 
treating obesity and diabetes medically; there are no laws requiring 
doctors to cure people when there are cures available; therefore, 
medical doctors will never employ a cure even though the cure was 
available in 1957! If it is to be that we eliminate obesity in all of its 
metabolic forms and complications, it is up to each of us to employ 
the prevention and effect the cure - doctors are simply not going to 
do it. 
Experts will attack our observations and conclusions as coming 
from the untrained, unworthy of an opinion, however, we would 
point out that Columbus, Franklin, Newcomen, Faraday and Edison 
were all simple men who made critical observations and in one way 
or another took action against the sea anchor of the dogma and com- 
mon thinking of the day and as a result catapulted the capabilities of 
humanity forward beyond the dreams of the “learned” but ignorant 
scholars of the day. 
We truly hope you will read HELLS KITCHEN and employ the 
lifestyle and supplement suggestions in the book and pass on the 
information to those you love and care about. Only by taking re- 
sponsibility ourselves can we solve the obesity (Feedlot Syndrome), 
diabetes and Metabolic Syndrome pandemics - just another diet will 
not solve the problem. 
Dr. Joel Wallach and Dr. Ma Lan

Benjamin Franklin 
1706 - 1790 
American Longevity 
To the PRINTER of the LONDON CHRONICLE. 
SIR, I have often heard it remarked, that our Colonies in North 
America were unhealthy and unfavourable to long life; and more 
particularly so upon their first settlement. In opposition to this 
groundless notion, I here send you two paragraphs taken from the 
Pensylvania Gazette of July 16, and the New-York Gazette of August 
27, giving an account of the deaths of the first-born of the city of 
Philadelphia, and of the province of Pennsylvania: 
PHILADELPHIA, July 16. "At Kennet, in Chester county, the 5th in- 
stant, died John Key, in the 85th year of his age, and the next day was 
interred in the burial place belonging to the people called Quakers, 
in that township, attended by a large number of reputable people, 
his neighbours and acquaintance. -- He was born in a cave, long 
xl

afterwards known by the name of Penny-Pot, near Race-street; and 
William Penn, our first proprietor, gave him a lot of ground, as a 
compliment on his being the first child born in this city. -- In the 
early part of his life his conversation was very engaging, and his com- 
pany much sought after by those of his own age; in his decline he 
was much esteemed for his peaceable disposition. His constitution 
was very healthy till about 80, when he was seized with the palsy, 
and continued weakly till his death. -- About six years ago he walked 
on foot from Kennet to Philadelphia in one day, which is near 30 
miles. -- It has been said that people in this province are short-lived; 
but when we consider how few children were born here 75 years 
ago, and observe how many old people there are still alive among us 
(who were born here) we shall rather think no quarter of the world 
can shew a greater number of aged persons then this province can, in 
proportion to the children born." 
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 24. On the 10th instant, at Brandywine Hun- 
dred, in New-Castle county, died Emanuel Grubb, in the 86th year 
of his age, and the next day was interred in St. Martin's church-yard, 
at Lower-Chichester, in Chester county, attended by a large number 
of his relations, neighbours, and acquaintance. -- He was born in a 
cave, by the side of Delaware river, not far distant from where he 
always lived, and died, and was the first child born of English par- 
ents in this province. His constitution was remarkably healthy dur- 
ing his whole life, having never been afflicted with any sickness till a 
few days before his death. His strength and activity were surprizing 
in a man of his age; he could mount and ride a horse with as much 
dexterity as a lad of 20. -- A few months ago, he rode from his own 
house to this city, and back again, which is upwards of 40 miles. - 
His memory was equally surprizing, and not in the least impaired, 
till his death; he could remember transactions of a late date equally 
well with those which happened in his younger days. He was ex- 
ceeding temperate in his living, seldom making use of spirituous 
liquors, and for his peaceable and friendly disposition, was highly 
esteemed by all that knew him. This instance, among many, is a proof 
of the longevity of people born here. 
It is worthy of observation also, that Governor Hutchinson, in his 
xii

valuable History of the Massachusett's Bay, Vol. II. pp. 148 and 216, 
says, 
"July 20, 1704, died at Marshfield, Peregrine White, aged 83 years 
and eight months, the first-born in Plymouth colony. 
"Jan. 14, 1716, died at Salem, Elizabeth Patch, the first-born female 
in the old colony of Massachusett's Bay, so that she must have lived 
86 or 87 years; and April 14, following, died at Newport, in Rhode- 
Island, Mary Godfrey, aged about 87, being the first child born there. 
-- The longevity of the first-born in each of the three colonies, is 
worth noting." 
As a well-wisher to mankind in general, I thought it worth while to 
send this to your useful paper, in order to allay the apprehensions of 
those, whose inclinations, business, or necessities may induce them 
to settle in that part of the British Empire. I must add at the same 
time, that I have myself lately travelled over the greater part of that 
extensive continent; and can with truth say, in spite of all that hath 
been boldly and positively asserted to the contrary, that 1 could not 
discover among that whole people, one grain of disaffection to their 
brethren in Britain, nor did I meet with a single person who had ever 
formed the most distant idea of throwing off their allegiance to the 
mother country. This it is doing them but bare justice to declare; and 
is all the return I can at present make them for the kindness and 
hospitality with which, purely on account of my being an Old En- 
gland-Man, I was universally treated. I am, Sir, your constant reader, 
Eas: 
The London Chronicle, December 15, 1767 
Benjamin Franklin 
xiii

ee ee ot canoe inlet Thala 
. 
ag 7, 7 s] \. 
1 oe wAPO ot; a De i : —— w’ 9 we a ee yy - hes my keke ra a ~ 
a, oR tho 
os o wy na bel : 
on" ; yt - spit th 
i Te.eeeny & a ‘ 
= 
<p 2- mae a a on 
+ 82s ae Leconte way Oa | pn le vies “er T? , - 
i, ate: or Chipeta, ens ‘ 
7 2) ree tale THCY a a 
7m a 36 2 Tne a 2 tego STIR 
_ a 3 
a of ime cael 
Fie “a ere erneien wane i-¥s 
(age © ich @ Gade vaye lA anit 0 ad) ee 
2 2 iwi > wate emai. nu pene sae , 
ee oe a 
ofthe striae ified Mista sore Vaal Me 
on SP. i Pe ie ne Sat % 
we av : ea eedtad ne aT a 
A coe PS tl. Shisepaeih Ott ie ree 
=e r thew 61,1 Se 
oe ti en ibe all ay eel" sai acid rad 
eSyis 1) ye (eal Vee Ceeeoet : nih ty alte 
“a wy! SA? Ves or oresaeas 
> ae ae at eee er ae ean Sil ithe 
2 ae a 
+ Vom Grae ee ea! 
rl +, Dae yor - 
( har ian ingress 
a » ex, \(rrieeed) int 
> ibys vermin 0b 6 Caw amet 
‘ns Fee

Chapter 1 
“And the Lord God formed man of the dust of the ground, and breathed into his 
nostrils the breath of life; and man became a living soul.” 
- Genesis 3:7 
“Iam a brother to dragons (dinosaurs), and a companion to owls” 
- Job 30:29 
“Praise The Lord from the earth, ye dragons, and all deeps.” 
-Psalms 148:7 
“And he laid hold on the dragon, that old serpent, which is the Devil, and Satan, 
and bound him (in fossils) a thousand years.” 
-Revelation 20:2 
Fire Power 
It is often said that, “The road to hell is paved with good inten- 
sions” and that “A kingdom was lost for want of a nail!” Both of these 
statements are true when it comes to the world wide pandemic prob- 
lem of obesity and all of its terrible consequences. 
There have been so many political, medical and dietary approaches 
devised to solve the problem of obesity, yet they have all failed, be- 
cause all of our historical approaches to obesity focused on the symp- 
tom - fat - fat in the food and fat in our bodies - none of the weight 
loss programs were focused on the cause. To date, without excep- 
tion, all attempts at dealing with obesity, diabetes and the Metabolic 
Syndrome are focused on the most obvious symptom (the body fat) 
and the simple concepts of exercise and caloric restriction (CR) diets. 
Believing that an obese person is fat because of a simple over

2 
consumption of fat, carbohydrates and total calories would be the 
same as saying that wildfires are caused by ashes - because there are 
always ashes found after every fire! 
This book will focus on the basic cause of obesity, thence on to 
the prevention and cure. As a result this book will feel and read dif- 
ferently than any other weight loss book that you have ever flipped 
through, read or used.To find out where we went wrong, we must 
begin at the beginning of the self constructed road to Hell. We will 
have to travel back in history - way, way back to before the begin- 
ning, and then methodically retrace our steps to find out exactly 
where we exited the highway to health that we had traveled relent- 
lessly for millennia, where we suddenly veered from our safe, tried 
and true path and took the wrong fork in the road, reverse our course 
and get back on the right road - the right road to fitness, health and 
longevity! 
Like an alcoholic, we must first admit we are lost and in 
trouble before we can begin to hope to extract ourselves from 
our downward spiral in health and our increase in weight. If we 
continue doing what we are presently doing in the world of weight 
loss and control, we will continue to get what we now have and 
we and our very cultures will be crushed by the health and fi- 
nancial cost of our own weight. 
So to begin at the beginning, we will start by using the time line 
of anthropological and geological dating, not because we necessarily 
totally believe in this system, but because that’s how the scientific 
clues to our obesity questions and problems are laid out. 
For those wanting to use biblical dating, they can use the named 
geological periods rather than the geologist’s chronological dates. 
The Road to Eden 
From the beginning, for “millions of years,” every species of plants 
and animals on earth depended on a daily source of “solar income” 
or fresh supplies of energy from the sun or consuming another or- 
ganism of some form that had temporarily stored the sun’s energy. 
Plants are like solar panels, their light sensitive chlorophyll laden

HELLS KITCHEN 3 
leaves collecting the sun’s radiant light energy as it arrives and con- 
verts it into chemical energy that humans and animals could eat, 
store and metabolically “burn.” 
Plants not only convert “solar income” into burnable chemical 
energy, they also store it for later use as cellulose, starch and sugar - 
storing it in their cells until they either use the energy themselves, 
decompose, burn or get eaten. Coal originated as plants that became 
buried deep within the earth, they were compressed under millions 
of tons of pressure and heated to thousands of degrees and ultimately 
became a fossil fuel. 
Before man appeared on earth, before the dinosaurs (dragons), 
before the continents slipped into their 21st century positions, a liv- 
ing fossil covered the earth. They were members of a swampy plant 
culture, literally forests of strange trees and enormous ferns - “mon- 
sters of the vegetable world.” 
Before the Jurassic Period, before the Triassic Period, before the 
Permian Period, there was the Carboniferous Period, a long period of 
primitive earth’s history named after the coal that was then being 
created. 
According to geologists, for most of the earth’s four and a half 
billion geological years, its land masses were starkly naked, while the 
cradle of plant and aquatic life unfolded unseen (except for the eyes 
of God) in the depths of the oceans. 
In March of 2004, the International Union of Geological Scien- 
tists added the Edicaran Period to the Pre-cambrian Eon, an enor- 
mous time span that covers ninety percent of the earth’s geologic 
history. The new period takes its name from Edicaran fossils, remains 
of the most complex animal life, that were found in enormous num- 
bers in the Edicaran Hills of South Australia. 
The period begins around 620 million years ago with the rapid 
end of the global Marinoan glaciation - the catastrophic environmen- 
tal calamity that entombed earth in ice for several million years. It 
ended 543 million years ago with the appearance of the Cambrian 
Period and the “explosion” of diverse forms of animal life. 
The first toehold gained on the earth’s beaches by plants occurred 
about 425 million years ago, and then ever so slowly, one could even

4 
say in the beginning “shyly;” after a time, they “figured out” how to 
convert from an aqueous life of light filtered through water to an 
atmospheric life collecting and employing solar incomes directly from 
the sun, and they eventually flourished and covered the once bare 
land with a green tidal wave of plant life. 
By the Carboniferous Period - about 360 to 290 million years 
ago, there was nothing shy about the growth and tangle of plants on 
earth - they dominated the earth! 
Verdant jungles of a density unimagined today sprung up, at first 
they crawled and then they raced over the formerly barren earth, 
ravenously taking in the carbon dioxide from the atmosphere, using 
the new process of photosynthesis and the sun’s “solar income” to 
fuel their growth; the new “trick” was that plants “learned” how to 
store the excess energy produced in the form of cellulose (wood), 
plant starches and sugars. 
Most coal beds were derived from the first waves of plants to 
leave the oceans and cover the land - animals soon followed. Coal is 
the concentrated remains of extinct plant life forms that once flour- 
ished and covered the planet. 
Most prehistoric coal forests were dominated by the Lepidodendron, 
a huge tree six feet in diameter that could reach the dizzy height of 
175 feet, the maximum growth potential of height that photosynthe- 
sis had ever attained to that date. Photosynthesis, a relatively new 
“discovery” had taken the single cell algae surrounded by the nutri- 
ent rich soup of the oceans, to an awesome dry land behemoth that 
converted the solar income of radiant energy into growth power and 
stored energy. 
At its crown, the Lepidodendron branched into short stubby 
branches covered with narrow leaves three feet long. Unlike modern 
trees, the Lepidodendron’s heart wood was soft, pulpy and pithy; as 
long as water was in good supply the inner cells would remain turgid 
and kept the tree erect; during draught periods, these monster trees 
dehydrated, wilted, drooped and fell into the swamp. 
The prehistoric jungles also boasted another botanical giant, the 
Sigillaria, a tree that had a long trunk that was characterized by a 
single fork at the crown; each fork was adorned with a large bundle

HELLS KITCHEN 5 
of long strap - like leaves. 
The ancient jungles seethed with vegetarian and carnivorous in- 
sects. With little or no competition or predators, these insects reached 
gigantic sizes; some cockroaches attained lengths of 12 inches; drag- 
onflies’ wingspans reached almost three feet; and millipedes grew to 
six foot lengths. 
Early in the Carboniferous Period, small newt-like vertebrates, 
not much different from fish, scuttled through the dense swampy 
undergrowth. By the end of the Carboniferous Period, fifteen foot 
long amphibian-like creatures were pulling their bellies through the 
primeval mud. During the same Carboniferous Period, quietly, and 
without much notice, some amphibians changed from laying gelati- 
nous strings of aquatic eggs and began to lay hard shelled eggs incu- 
bated in nests built of decomposing plant material. 
The shelled egg laying amphibians were followed by reptiles (some 
of which laid eggs and some gave birth to live young), dinosaurs 
(dragons - it is interesting to note that dragons are mentioned in the 
Bible thirty five times), birds and eventually mammals. 
The earliest known and dated reptile (340 million years old) is 
called Casineria, it was six inches long and looked like a cross be- 
tween a newt and a lizard; it had five toes, simple claws, a vertebral 
column and a foreleg anatomy that is characteristic of lizards. 
At first, mammals were small shrew-like creatures that ate insects 
and worms. About 130 million years ago, a twelve pound fanged 
marsupial, Repenomamus robustus, devoured small asian dinosaurs, 
psitasaur, and the eggs of larger dinosaur species - now that mam- 
mals were beginning to eat dinosaurs, dinosaur populations began 
to decline. 
Almost all of the plants of the Carboniferous Period wound up as 
coal because of low atmospheric oxygen levels (remember bacteria, 
algae and land plants had just begun to produce oxygen as a byproduct 
of photosynthesis) and they failed to decompose in the way that 
modern plants do in a twenty percent oxygen atmosphere. 
Typically, when a plant dies today, oxygen penetrates its meta- 
bolically dead cells allowing bacteria, fungi, amoeba and small in- 
sects to digest and break down the wood. By contrast, as the dense

6 
mass of the plants of the Carboniferous Period died, they fell into 
oxygen-poor water or mud, or were covered by additional layers of 
dead plants or anaerobic sediment. 
Sometimes this process of coal building was part of a great ebb- 
ing and flowing of the sea level along the coasts. During the Carbon- 
iferous Period, glaciers grew and alternatively shrank making the 
oceans rise and fall. As the glaciers melted, the rising oceans would 
flood the tropical forests with salt water and sediment. As the gla- 
ciers built up again, the sea levels would drop and drained the salt 
water that had been drowning and choking the forests. 
Because significant levels of oxygen were not yet available to sup- 
port the decomposition process in the flooded forests, the plants only 
partially decomposed, leaving an accumulation of black carbon that 
contained huge quantities of stored “solar income.” This spongy mass 
of carbon-rich “solar income” first became peat. After being squeezed 
and simmered by the tremendous pressure and heat of global geo- 
logical forces, the peat ultimately hardened into coal. 
In addition to the forest's carbon that wound up trapped in the 
coal, the energy that had accumulated in the plant’ “solar savings 
account” over millions of years was also trapped. 
The Taming of Fire 
Fire is far older than man; it was set loose in the forests and 
tangles of brush by volcanic eruptions; lightening bolts; spontane- 
ous combustion generated by the heat of decomposing plant mate- 
rial; and the friction of dry branches rubbing against each other at 
the pleasure of the wind. These early fires laid mineral rich ash onto 
the surface of the early “soil” which mixed a fine small particle sized 
mineral nutrient into the deep organic mulch that had built up over 
the years, decades, centuries and millennia. 
Humans are one of the most efficient converters of “solar income” 
found in our food to mechanical energy. Humans need only about 
half the calories that a horse needs to exert the same level of physical 
energy. Our human metabolism is very efficient. Anthropologist’s 
believe that our large brains are the result of a constant stream of

HELLS KITCHEN 7 
high protein, high fat food supplies, “as we ate more meat our brain 
got larger and it allowed us to figure out how to get more meat”; our 
large brains allowed us to develop other methods to tap into the 
endless stream of “solar income” trapped by plants - fire! 
By burning plants that we couldn’t eat, such as trees and briar 
patches, humans and their cultures rapidly moved far beyond the 
creative limits of their digestive and metabolic systems. This revela- 
tion - fire, was the step that took humans farther than our earthly 
competitors - humans controlled fire, something that no other spe- 
cies would ever do! This new method of tapping into stored energy 
or “solar income” protected us from the harsh environment of the Ice 
Age and allowed us to control the temperature of our microenviron- 
ments. Humans were no longer flotsam on the sea! We had “fire 
power” in the broadest sense! 
Early human remains from nine individuals were found in an 
Ethiopian fossil cache dated from 4.3 million years ago. The prehis- 
toric humans, Ardipithecus ramidus, were found with a treasure trove 
of the oldest dated stone tools. Plant and animal fossil remains indi- 
cate that these early humans lived in low lying woodlands and grass- 
lands teeming with monkeys, mole rats and wild cattle. 
Anthropologists long believed that early humans “tamed” fire 
about 500,000 years ago, however, a recent analysis of burned ante- 
lope bones from caves in Swartkrans, South Africa, confirms that 
early man (Australopithecus robustus and Homo erectus) had built camp- 
fires and cooked meat roughly 1.5 million years ago - as many as a 
million years earlier than previously thought. 
The cooked antelope bones were first described in 1988 by pale- 
ontologist, Bob Brain at the University of Cape Town. Brain suspected 
they had been burned by humans because the degree of charring 
indicated temperatures of more than 1,100 degrees F - heat levels 
that could be produced by campfires - heat produced by natural grass 
fires does not exceed 700 degrees F 
Anne Skinner, a chemist at the Williams College, Massachusetts, 
used Electron Spin Resonance, to examine the measurements of the 
free radicals left in the charred bones. Skinner said, “I’m very confi- 
dent (the charred antelope bones) reached temperatures consistent

8 
with a campfire.” 
Fire, as a tool, separated man from other tool using animals - 
other animals metabolically used the sun’s solar income, sticks, rocks, 
fiber, mud and water - only man had fire. Man tamed fire and used it 
for many thousands of years before he learned how to start and kindle 
it at will. 
Many technologically ignorant peoples, including Homo erectus 
or Java man (before 250,000 years ago), found that starting a fire 
from cold fuel was a difficult and an exasperating task. In the begin- 
ning, when fire was “captured” it was fed and maintained for as long 
as possible, a primitive technique that is still practiced world wide 
yet today. Fire is easy to preserve or transport by the use of wet wood, 
lichens, dry fennel stalks, etc. In some cultures, hearth fires are main- 
tained for generation after generation, oftentimes for the life of the 
house. 
The first evidence we have for fire starting by humans is associ- 
ated with the early Paleolithic Period of Europe (about 25,000 to 
30,000 B.C.). Flints in the classic “strike-a-light” hand held shape 
and chunks of iron pyrite were discovered together in charcoal fire 
beds. However, iron pyrite is only found in very few places on earth 
and therefore, most primitive fire starters fall into the category of the 
fire drill (a bow used to spin an arrow shaft), fire saw and fire plow 
(pointed stick that is rapidly pushed back and forth in a groove cre- 
ated in a log or board). Humans eventually learned that they could 
start fire at will by generating sparks that were then showered into 
“tender” and with the simple generation of heat with some form of 
friction used to ignite tender. 
With fire, humans were able to smelt metal, make tools, fire 
pottery, bake bricks, produce weapons, keep ourselves warm, 
eat food that was otherwise inedible (grain), keep predators at 
bay, destroy our enemies, develop specialties and unwittingly, 
we humans, with the ash byproduct that was generated by fire, 
produced the fertilizer and mineral supplement (“culinary” ashes) 
that would nurture and sustain wé humans for thousands of years 
to come! 
Early humans who had not yet learned how to put their wood

HELV’S KITCHEN 9 
ashes from their heating and cooking fires into primitive gardens 
lived a life that was short, hard, miserable, filthy, fearful, brutish and 
violent. They were often on the verge of starvation. They subsisted 
primarily in family units or family bands. They were driven by an 
internal, intrinsic and relentless salt and mineral hunger as were all 
living creatures. The hunger for salt and minerals didn’t begin with 
the appearance of potato chips, they began with the appearance of 
the first human. 
One isolated group of tiny people, dubbed the “Hobbit”, Homo 
floresiensis, existed on the Indonesian island of Flores, 370 miles east 
of Java. They were the size of a Homo sapiens pygmy or midget only 
three foot tall with the body of a three year old, however, their brain 
was smaller than a grapefruit - a small human with a brain that was 
smaller than the brain of a chimpanzee. 
There is some evidence that these tiny, tribal, and carnivorous 
humans accepted gourds filled with food that the modern human 
Floresians offered to them, until the 1500s, when Dutch traders ar- 
rived. 
The “Hobbit” were clever enough to employ fire, make tools 
(points, blades, awls and tiny barbs) and hunt - cooking fire charred 
bones of the Stegodon (dwarf elephant), Komodo dragon (dinosaur), 
a wide variety of rodents and other animal species were collected 
from garbage dumps. 
Early skeletons of the south Pacific “Hobbit” were dated as far 
back as 95,000 years ago, the more recent ones were dated at 13,000 
- 18,000 years; however, the primitive “Hobbit” crafted stone tools 
dating back to 800,000 B.C. 
The island of Flores was populated by hoards of an extinct dwarf 
elephant (Stegodon), monster rats and giant lizards (including the 
Komodo dragon), all of which were the primary food of the “Hobbit.” 
There is no evidence that the “Hobbit” learned to use the ashes 
from their heating and cooking fires to put in their food, salt or gar- 
dens - they disappeared leaving only a small fossil record. Only six 
skeletons have been found, suggesting the others were mineral poor 
and simply didn’t survive the ravages of the millennia. 
The small stature of the Hobbit demonstrates very clearly that

10 
humans, like other life forms are not exempt from natural laws, in 
this case the “island rule.” The island rule states that, “a combination 
of selective forces - geographic and temporal isolation, scarce resources 
and the absence of predators - will occasionally result in develop- 
ment of giant and dwarf species.” The Hobbit simply followed the 
same historical course as the isolated desert Bushmen of Southern 
Africa. 
Humans were territorial; they hunted and gathered in naturally 
productive and fruitful areas that had quantities small game, edible 
insects, their favorite plants and either clay or salt deposits for a source 
of minerals, a virtual Garden of Eden. There were endless fights be- 
tween competing family bands and tribes over these flora and fauna 
rich Eden’. 
Initially, the small family bands of humans were free of highly 
infectious diseases such as small pox, influenza, tuberculosis and the 
plague because they were living in small bands, isolated from travel- 
ers, strangers and new comers that could be carriers or hosts for 
disease causing viruses and bacteria. 
They were, however, still susceptible to anthrax from the skins of 
contaminated animals, botulism from eating contaminated maggots 
that infested the decomposing carcasses of animals killed by large 
predators,and tetanus and gangrene acquired from soil, manure and 
feces contaminated puncture wounds. 
Their offspring had a very low survival rate, and those that did 
survive were often deformed with congenital birth defects (Down's 
syndrome, heart defects, cleft palate, spina bifida, muscular dystro- 
phy, clubbed hands and feet, etc.) caused by pervasive maternal nu- 
tritional deficiencies. 
Injuries took their toll; fractures healed all askew or didn’t heal at 
all, leaving the victim to remain deformed and dependant upon the 
good graces and surpluses of the rest of the band. If the disabilities 
were catastrophic, the victim was oftentimes eaten by his fellows. 
Revered relatives were often eaten when they died to perpetuate their 
spirit (mortuary cannibalism). 
After 500,000 years ago, the human populations of western 
Eurasia and Africa began to diverge from each other and from east-

HELLS KITCHEN 11 
ern Asian populations in skeletal anatomy. Those that put wood, peat 
or kelp ashes from their cooking and heating fires into their food 
(remember the salt hunger - ashes are the minerals left over when the 
carbon of the fuel is burned away) or primitive gardens, were taller, 
their bones stronger, they were more fertile, delivered healthier ba- 
bies and lived longer. Harder mineralized skeletons resulted in their 
bones surviving the ravages of rodents and scavengers, decomposi- 
tion and the various destructive forces of the millennia - full skel- 
etons of early man were now surviving into the 21st century. 
Between 130,000 and 40,000 years ago the populations of Eu- 
rope and western Asia produced many fossilized skeletons known as 
Neanderthals. They were the first humans known to bury their dead 
and care for their sick and infirm. Their stone tools, however, were 
still crude and lacked the standard shapes that would indicate spe- 
cific functions. 
African fossilized skeletons from 100,000 years ago had more 
modern skeletal features (humans continued to put the ash byproduct 
of fire into their food and gardens) than did their Neanderthal coun- 
terparts - they made the same crude stone tools. The bone evidence 
of their food prey indicated that their hunting skills were minimal 
and they only killed and ate small safely killed animals, including 
rats and rabbits. They had not yet reached the capability of killing 
pigs, buffalo and larger more dangerous species such as the elephant 
(mastodon, mammoth and the dwarf Stegodon). They could not yet 
catch fish - their living sites on the sea coasts and lake shores are 
devoid of fish hooks and fish bones. 
Human developmental history (physical, emotional, spiritual and 
creative) appears to have found it’s footing and gained “traction” about 
50,000 years ago - a time which Dr. Jared Diamond calls “the Great 
Leap Forward.” The first real signals of the human leap include an 
increase in height and the appearance of standardized tools and os- 
trich shell jewelry. 
Similar human developments appeared about 40,000 years ago 
in southwestern Europe, where abundant artifacts are associated with 
skeletons of Cro-Magnons. Soon after, the garbage dumps preserved 
at archaeological sites become more and more complex pointing to

12 
biologically and behaviorally modern humans. 
Cro-Magnon garbage heaps yielded stone tools, bone tools and 
bone fish hooks. Tools were produced in diverse and distinctive shapes 
so modern that their functions as needles, awls and engraving tools 
are straight forward and easily identified. Tools became more com- 
plex, moving beyond simple hand-held scrapers to multi-piece tools 
(stone axes) and weapons such as harpoons, spear throwers and bows 
and arrows. 
These new weapons allowed the human to kill larger and more 
dangerous prey froma safe distance. The creation of ropes and threads 
for nets, twine and string permitted the invention of nets, lines and 
snares which allowed for the addition of small mammals, fish and 
birds to our human diet which promoted the expansion of our hab- 
itable territories. 
Rubble from houses and scraps from sewn clothing point to an 
improved ability to survive frigid weather. Modern jewelry and ten- 
derly buried skeletons show a new aesthetic and spiritual progres- 
sion for humans - humans were now talking to God. 
Of all of the Cro-Magnon’s creations that have been preserved, 
the most remarkable is their artwork, including the famous cave paint- 
ings, statues and musical instruments. The impact of the life sized 
painted bulls and horses in the Lascaux Cave of southwestern France 
or the rhino, lion, horses, mammoth, panther, owl, bear and buffalo 
paintings of the limestone Chauvet grotto in southern France on a 
visitor is dramatic - you realize these ancient people were modern 
not only in their skeletons but also in their abstract minds! 
The limestone caves, located in the Lascaux woods near 
Montignac, France, are in fact ancient museums of natural history: 
they include a main cavern sixty six feet wide and sixteen feet high, 
containing many steep galleries, magnificently decorated with en- 
graved and painted figures. Archeologists date the site back to the 
last Ice Age, between 15,000 and 13,000 B.C. In total there are 600 
painted animals and prehistoric symbols, and 1,500 engravings. 
The Ice Age Chauvet grotto is known as the “Sistine Chapel” of 
prehistoric art. The grotto is found deep within the limestone hills of 
Auvergne, west of the Rhone Alps. The Chauvet grotto contains 447

HELLS KITCHEN 13 
paintings and 4,000 well preserved foot prints of men, children and 
dogs. 
The last Chauvet artist produced a painting between 24,000 to 
32,000 years ago. The artist's work was “signed” with a negative print 
of his hand, which was produced by blowing red ochre onto a non- 
arthritic hand that was held palm down against the cave wall. The 
artists also signed their work with a positive print of their hand by 
putting the ochre on their hand and then placing their print on their 
painting! 
Art historian, Carole Fritz recorded, “I even cried the first time I 
saw it (Chauvet). It's just so intense, like sometimes when you are 
listening to (an) opera, it just moves something in your heart. And 
then you see these finger marks on the walls where they spread the 
pigment and dried their hands and you really have the feeling they 
just left the cave.” 
The Ice Age artists used mainly shades of red, yellow, black and 
brown, using charcoal and rare earth mineral pigments. The most 
dramatic of the paintings depict four sixteen foot long aurochs (large 
wild cattle); other animals include red deer, horses and stags,some of 
which appear to be crossing a river. 
No human bones have been found in either of the caves, how- 
ever, the Chauvet grotto has been a treasure trove of bones from four- 
teen different animal species including rodents, reptiles, birds and 
bears. The bear bones dominate - they have recovered 3,700 of them. 
It is important to note that there were no grains or fruit seeds 
found in the caves, clearly indicating that the Cro-Magnon artists 
were primarily hunters and carnivores and that hunting dominated 
their lives. 
At 40,000 years ago Cro-Magnons “moved into the neighbor- 
hood” of Europe with their modern skeletons (signifying the use of 
the ash byproduct of cooking and heating fires as a supplement mixed 
with salt to extend and cut the more valued salt and in their food as 
“culinary” ash), tools and more clever weapons. 
Classical anthropologists believe that the Cro-Magnons,,used their 
advanced technology, superior weapons to kill, infect or displace the 
Neanderthals - a theorized event that left little or nothing behind in

14 
the form of evidence of hybridization between the Neanderthals and 
Cro-Magnons or a straight forward and ruthless genocide. 
We don’t believe the Cro-Magnons fought, captured, enslaved or 
slaughtered the Neanderthals, because they would have eaten them 
and left their charred, cracked and scraped bones in their garbage 
heaps with the rest of the debris of hunting. They would have cre- 
ated art work that depicted the great heroic battles, heroes, the slain 
enemy and victories. 
We believe that the Neanderthals just failed to learn a basic sur- 
vival technique, and allowed themselves to be “edged out” in a simi- 
lar fashion as the prehistoric Bushmen allowed themselves to be 
“edged out” of the isolated and idyllic Cape of South Africa and into 
the Kalahari Desert, by the more advanced gun toting Dutch explor- 
ers from the Dutch East Indies Tea Company in 1462; and in a simi- 
lar fashion as the island of Flores “Hobbit” allowed themselves to be 
edged out by the 16th century Dutch. 
Neanderthals were primarily hunters and they developed the 
nutritional deficiencies of pure carnivores who had failed to develop 
the habit of using wood, peat or kelp ashes to mix with salt and 
season food and/or failed to put the ashes into their primitive or 
crude “gardens.” One bad hunting year or a draught of several years 
could have wiped them out. 
The number of humans surviving to “old age,” (at least double 
the age of reproductive maturity) quadrupled at about 30,000 years 
ago - something equally as dramatic as the taming of fire happened 
here which we will talk about in due coarse. 
Anthropologists looked at 750 fossilized dental and jaw fragments 
of early humans spanning over millions of years, from the Australo- 
pithecines to Neanderthals to early modern humans. Old age was 
defined as at least double the age which reproductive maturity was 
reached, which is also the point when the third molars usually erupt 
in the teen age years. 
In calculating the ratio of old-to-young hominids, Rachel Caspari 
of the University of Michigan, at Ann Arbor and Sang-Hee Lee of the 
University of California, at Riverside found a trend of increased lon- 
gevity across the human family. With “modern” humans, older adults

HELLS KITCHEN 15 
finally outnumbered younger ones for the first time at the 30,000 
year mark. 
The leap in longevity is thought to have been critical to the de- 
velopment of modern human culture, as elders passed down knowl- 
edge and helped to weld together complex societies. This “hand - me 
- down” knowledge, included, how to cook and preserve meat, how 
to use wood ashes to extend and cut what they perceived as the more 
valuable salt and to employ “culinary” ashes in the preparation of 
certain foods and the value of putting wood ash into their primitive 
gardens. 
The results and benefits of incorporating wood ashes into their 
food either directly as salt extenders or “culinary” ashes or indirectly 
as a garden fertilizer produced stronger, taller, healthier, more fertile, 
more creative and longer-lived humans - we had not yet left the main 
road and humans were in fact accumulating good habits, becoming 
healthier, more fertile, living longer and honing better survival skills.

16

Chapter 2 
“The aim of science is to seek the simplest explanation of complex 
facts. We are apt to fall into the error of thinking that the facts are simple 
because simplicity is the goal of our quest. The guiding motto in the life of 
every natural philosopher should be, seek simplicity and distrust it.” 
- Alfred North Whitehead 
Ash Power 
It is clear and dramatic - something universally uplifting hap- 
pened around 100,000 to 50,000 years ago. Dr. Jared Diamond, pri- 
mary proponent of the “Great Leap” argues for an increase in the size 
and “perfection” of the human voice box, and thus he believes im- 
proved vocal and language skills, was the single event that vaulted 
humans forward in time, while others argued for a universal change 
in function and size of the human brain. 
Our belief is that people learned, between 100,000 and 50,000 
years ago, the value of the ash byproduct of their cooking and heat- 
ing fires in a world wide parallel type of discovery similar to their 
discovery that they could tame fire. They learned the value of mixing 
wood, peat and kelp ashes with salt to extend and dilute the more 
valuable NaCl, employ them as “culinary” ashes and putting their 
wood heating and cooking byproduct (ashes) into a primitive type of 
garden for fertilizer. 
After all, wood ashes were everywhere as a daily byproduct of 
cooking, heating and the enterprise of survival - it was natural to try 
and use ashes in many ways. Certainly with a salt hunger driving

18 
them on a daily basis, humans would have put the ash in their mouth, 
just as a modern child puts everything in their mouth to see if they 
were tasty or usable. 
The universal kitchen byproduct, ashes, were the minerals that 
were left when carbon fuels were burned, They were historically 
thrown out into the garbage piles, tasted and added to food as a spice 
to satisfy a craving as we salt our food today, to satisfy a salt hunger- 
a universal craving shared by all living humans and animals. 
The ashes, initially thrown into the garbage piles, would have 
resulted in adjacent plants growing more verdant and being more 
productive - this seemingly simple observation led to the wood ash 
being routinely placed in the soil around favored food plants, result- 
ing in greater production in terms of tons and bushels per acre and 
even more important, the fertilized gardens remained productive for 
longer periods of time. Modern agriculture was now in its infancy 
and the Great Leap Forward for mankind had begun in earnest! 
While some human cultures flourished in the fertile river valleys 
and flood plains that were rich with mineral laden flood silt (Egypt, 
China, India, Europe) and mineral rich glacial waters (Hunza, 
Vilcabamba, Titicaca, etc.), the vast majority of early humans lived in 
harsh barren or heavily forested mountains, dry semi arid plains and 
seemingly sterile ocean and lake shores. 
The majority of early humans obtained their minerals by eating 
the organs of their prey animals they killed, or directly or indirectly 
from wood, kelp, peat and manure (buffalo “chips”) ash that they 
directly consumed mixed with or without salt or indirectly by plac- 
ing the ashes in their gardens. 
There are primitive peoples yet today who add wood ashes, peat 
or kelp ashes directly into their food to satisfy their salt hunger and 
add the ashes to their gardens to extend the life of the garden and 
make it more productive - thus indirectly, yet regularly adding a con- 
stant stream of supplemental minerals into their food cycle. 
Early man transitioning from hunter gatherer to farmer, “man- 
aged land” in a primitive, inefficient and heavy handed way by burn- 
ing the mature forests and tangled brambles to allow the growth of a 
small number of “volunteer” edible shoots, tubers and seed plants

HELLS KITCHEN 19 
that always follow after the devastation of a wildfire. This process of 
humans transitioning from hunter gatherer to farmers took thou- 
sands of years and is still going on today in parts of the 21st century 
world - the process is expensive in terms of return and at best a 
gamble on the predictable results. 
Investigators have long believed that the first organized gardens 
that we might describe as small “farms” appeared about 11,000 years 
ago - and then village life and civilization soon followed. Before “farm- 
ing” was developed, humans were loose nomadic collections of fam- 
ily bands. 
In June, 2004, archaeologists announced that they had discoy- 
ered the remains of hoards of wild grains, grinding equipment, anda 
stone “oven” at Ohalo II, a 23,000 year old site on Israels Sea of 
Galilee. Ehud Weiss, a paleoethnobotanist at Bar-Ilan University, 
Ramat Gan, Israel says, “his team found traces of 143 kinds of seeds 
including, ancestors of wheat and barley.” 
Weiss feels, “these people gathered volunteer and wild grains in 
the late summer and early fall, ground them into flour and baked 
them (in the oven).” “These findings are a breakthrough in (the un- 
derstanding of) human diet and (food) technology - grinding and 
baking (grains) would have dramatically improved (the efficiency 
and usefulness of grains in) human nutrition,” said Weiss. 
Agriculture, as a science and commercial industry was born in 
the Fertile Crescent of Iraq 10,000 - 11,000 years ago with the early 
and clear domestication of eight “founder” crops - they were the start 
of large scale commercial agricultural systems not only in the local 
region, but also globally. Those eight founder crops were emmer 
wheat, einkorn wheat and barley; the lentil, pea and chickpea le- 
gumes; bitter vetch; and the fiber and oil crop - flax. 
Time budget studies showed that early “farmers” spent more time 
and labor hours per day than hunter gatherers did, however, their 
food supply was eventually more dependable. Archaeologists have 
clearly shown that the first farmers were smaller and more poorly 
nourished, suffered from more diseases and died at a younger age 
than did the hunter gatherers - grain farmers didn’t have access to 
the organ meat (liver, kidney, brains and hearts) that provided a de-

20 
pendable dietary source of vitamins (vitamin B12, Vitamin C, vita- 
min A, vitamin D, etc.), essential fatty acids (omega 3) and minerals 
(selenium, copper, zinc) to the hunters every time they killed an 
animal. 
Many early farmers simply didn’t know the nutritional secret and 
value of their cooking and heating ash byproduct or maybe there 
were just fewer of the essential minerals that are required by humans 
in the soil from which their wood grew. 
Early on, the simple availability of more calories and protein meant 
more people. Among the 250,000 species of plants and animals on 
earth only a relatively small number, several thousand perhaps, are 
edible for humans or are worth the effort to hunt, grow or gather. 
A few hundred (about 800) have been “domesticated” and adapted 
for human use. Even among the several hundred food crops, most 
provide little food in the grand scheme of human diets and wouldn't 
themselves account for the calories required to support the rise in 
human numbers. Just a few dozen varieties of plants account for 80 
percent of the modern agricultural production in the world today. 
These dozen economic and dietary agricultural giants are cereal 
grains that include wheat, corn, rice, barley and sorghum; soybean 
legumes; the roots and tubers potato, manioc and sweet potato; sugar 
cane and sugar beets; and the banana. The four earliest domesticated 
fruits were the olive, grape, fig and date - these four were apparently 
the easiest to domesticate of all of the wild fruits. 
Ancient Egyptians are usually credited with the domestication of 
the cat, however, in 2004 French archaeologists reported they had 
unearthed a large Neolithic village in Cyprus that contain the re- 
mains of a domesticated cat. The investigators reported the discov- 
ery of an intact skeleton of a cat that had been carefully buried beside 
the remains of a carefully buried human, along with a variety of tools 
and ceremonial objects. 
The feline remains were dated back to 9,500 years ago - 5,000 
years before the Egyptians began sculpting cats, or “miu” as the Egyp- 
tians called them. The two sets of remains were found less than 12 
inches apart, positioned symmetrically with their heads facing west. 
The investigators believe that the cats were used in Cyprus to

HELLS KITCHEN 21 
keep rodents out of their grain stores. The cat Felis silvestris lybica, 
somewhat larger than todays domestic cat, was only eight months 
old, was thought to be sacrificed to accompany its owner on the 
journey to the next world. 
In September 2004, Silvia Gonzalez, a geoarchaeologist, reported 
on the radiocarbon-dating of a skull (Penon woman III) that had 
been found near Mexico City in 1959 - the analysis showed that the 
skull was 12,755 years old, considerably older than any previously 
known Native American. 
Gonzalez believes that Penon Woman III was an ancestor of the 
Pericu, peripatetic hunter-gatherers, whose remains were dated back 
to 3,000 years ago and found throughout Baja California. Gonzalez 
suggests, “accounts left by 18th century Spanish missionaries of slim, 
shell-fish eating people in the Baja refer to the Pericu” - she also 
believes that, “the Spanish pushed the Pericu to extinction by forcing 
them into mission labor and simple corn diets.” 
In 4,000 B.C. pottery objects with surface glazes appeared and 
horses were domesticated in Eurasia. 
In 2,500 B.C. the first free-standing glass objects of Egypt and 
Mesopotamia appeared. 
In 1,500 B.C. the first glass vessels appeared. 
The “founder” crops in the eastern zone of North America were 
limited to four plant species domesticated between 2500 and 1500 
B.C. - a whopping 6,000 years after wheat and barley were domesti- 
cated in the Fertile Crescent. A species of North American squash 
was used as a container as well as a source of edible seeds; the bal- 
ance of the three “founder” plants were produced only for their seeds 
- sunflowers, a small daisy called “sumpweed” and goosefoot (a leafy 
relative of spinach). 
For 2,000 years these original North American founder plants 
were only available as less important foods in the total diet of Native 
Americans, while the indigenous Native Americans maintained their 
traditional hunter gatherer traditions and continued to rely on plen- 
tiful wild mammals, waterfowl, wild turkey, fish, shell fish and nuts 
and berries. 
Farming did not contribute to any major part of the Native Ameri-

22 
can diet until 500 to 200 B.C., when three additional seed crops 
appeared - knotweed, Maygrass and little barley. 
All of these native North American founder crops were high in 
protein (17 - 32 %), compared with 8 - 14% in modern wheat, 9 % 
for corn and even lower percentages for barley and white rice. The 
sunflower and the sumpweed were also high in oil (45 - 47%). 
Sumpweed produced 32 percent protein and 45 percent oil. With 
the exception of the sunflower all the founder plants had serious 
downfalls including small yields at one tenth that of wheat, strong 
odors and one, the sumpweed produced hay fever-like allergies. 
In contrast to the pre-founder crops, cereal crops alone account 
for one half of the calories consumed by the world’s human popula- 
tion today, because they are technologically easy to grow and they 
are economically favorable to produce, convert into finished foods 
(bread, pasta, dry cereals, etc.) and store, they have become the “go 
to food.” 
Many potential foods were not useful for humans as they 
transitioned from hunter gather to farmer because they were indi- 
gestible such as twig bark that a deer might eat; poisonous such as 
certain roots, leaves and mushrooms; too much work was required 
to gather and prepare, such as seasonal and or small hard-shelled 
nuts and seeds; or too dangerous such as large game that were armed 
with horns or teeth or protected by aggressive herds. 
Catching and domesticating wild herbivores by contrast was quick 
and easy compared with domesticating wild plants, which required 
clearing the land, sowing seed, irrigation, fertilization, weeding, har- 
vesting, processing and storing. 
To catch wild animals, a simple pen or fence only needed to be 
placed around water, a salt lick or ash dump, when the animals came 
into the pen to drink or lick the salt or ash minerals, a gate was 
pulled closed and the herd was started. (See Table) 
The main reason why Eurasia was the place where most of the 
“founder” animal species were domesticated was that it was the con- 
tinent that had the most potential species for domestication to begin 
with and lost the fewest to extinction over the last 40,000 years. 
Of the world’s 148 wild herbivorous animal species that were

HELLS KITCHEN 23 
Mammalian Candidates* for Domestication 
Eurasia Sub-Saharan The Americas Australia 
Africa 
Candidates ie TEL 24 l 
Domesticated iS 0) i 0 
% domesticated 18 @) 4 @ 
* A species of land dwelling wild herbivore or omnivorous mammal weighing 
more than 100 pounds. 
Dates of First Evidence for 
Domestication of Large Mammals 
Species Date (B.C.) — Place 
Dog 10,000 Southwest Asia, China, North America 
Sheep 8,000 Southwest Asia 
Goat 8,000 Southwest Asia 
Pig 8,000 China, Southwest Asia 
Cow 6,000 Southwest Asia, India, North Africa 
Horse 4,000 Ukraine 
Donkey 4,000 Egypt 
Water buffalo 4,000 China 
Llama/alpaca 3,500 Andes 
Bactrian camel 2,500 Central Asia 
Arabian camel 2,500 Arabia

24 
candidates for domestication, only 14 made it to the production line. 
The other 134 species failed (they were doomed to “perpetual wild- 
ness” and to the risks of extinction) because they lacked one or more 
of the six characteristics necessary for successful domestication: 
1. Diet: Every time an animal consumes a plant or another ani- 
mal, the conversion of the food biomass into the eater’s biomass pro- 
duces an efficiency of much less than 100 percent - usually about ten 
percent. It takes 10,000 pounds of corn to grow a 1,000 pound steer. 
If one wants to grow 1,000 pounds of carnivore, you have to feed 
them 10,000 pounds of herbivore fed on 100,000 pounds of corn. 
Many species are too feed specific or too inefficient to lend them- 
selves to domestication. 
The exception is the dog (an omnivore), which was originally 
domesticated and raised as a guard animal and hunting partner, how- 
ever, some breeds of dogs were domesticated and raised specifically 
for food in Aztec Mexico, Polynesia and ancient China (dog is still a 
popular “winter” dish in China). 
2. Growth rate: Domesticated species must grow and mature 
quickly, which eliminates primates (baboons, chimps and gorillas) 
and large herbivorous species such as elephant, rhino and hippo - it 
is more efficient to catch and train wild individuals of large species 
than it is to raise them. 
Rodents and lagomorphs (rabbits and hares), small herbivores 
(goats, sheep and cattle) and pigs grew and matured quickly. 
3. Problems of captive breeding: many animals are secretive 
and will not readily reproduce in confined “factory” like environ- 
ments. 
4. Nasty Disposition: The grizzly bear, onager (wild Asian ass), 
zebra and African Cape buffalo are examples of potentially good can- 
didates for domestication and sources of human food, however, their 
unchangeable and unmanageable dispositions relegates them to the 
“perpetual wildness” category.

HELLS KITCHEN 25 
5. Tendency to panic: Large herbivorous species react to danger 
from predators and humans in different ways. Some species are 
“flighty” and programmed for fast, instant escape by blind flight (deer 
and antelope) if they perceive a danger real or imagined. They will 
run into a fence or wall and literally kill themselves trying to escape 
in a walled enclosure. 
Other species (goats, sheep or cattle) are calmer and tend to bunch 
up in the herd or flock when they feel threatened. 
6. Social structure: Almost all species of large domesticated her- 
bivores that have been domesticated from wild species have three 
social characteristics in common: 1) they live in herds or flocks; 2) 
they exhibit a highly developed dominance hierarchy; 3) herds would 
share overlapping and “movable” home ranges. 
By growing and selecting and nurturing the species of plants and 
animals that humans could cultivate, domesticate and eat, we in- 
creased the density of our dependable food supply from 0.1 percent 
of an acre to more than 90 percent of an acre. An acre of land could 
then support significantly more people. Wandering and the need to 
follow and find herds, flocks and plants in productive and ripe states 
became unnecessary. 
One acre could now feed 10 or 100 times more people than in a 
hunter gatherer society. The power and productive energy of the 
greater density of useable biomass and the shear numbers of farmers 
and shepherds gave them a political strength, business and trade 
power and a military advantage over the less numerous and more 
environmentally vulnerable hunter gatherers. 
In human populations, the possession of livestock instantly added 
to their health, fertility and longevity. The animals provided a steady 
stream of meat, milk, skins, fuel, fertilizer and power to carry loads, 
pull a plow and wagons. Humans no longer had to follow the mi- 
grating herds or wait for the expected annual seasonal gluts of meat, 
fish and birds as the herds, flocks, bands and schools returned to 
breeding or feeding grounds - humans could now control and de- 
pend on a constant year round supply of food - now we had what

26 
seemed to be an unending food supply and fire. 
Some animals such as cattle, sheep, goats, horse, reindeer, water 
buffalo, yak and camels produced significant quantities of milk al- 
lowing for the production of liquid milk, butter, cheese and yogurt - 
producing considerably more calories and protein over their lifetime, 
compared with simply being chased down, killed and eaten. The 
animals organs, including the heart, livers, kidneys and brains were 
rich in stored minerals such as selenium, zinc and copper and vita- 
mins including vitamin B12, vitamin C, vitamin D and vitamin A, 
the bones were rich in calcium and phosphorus and the brains were 
rich in essential fatty acids (Omega-3) extracted from plants and in- 
organic mineral sources that were not easily or metabolically acces- 
sible to humans. 
Animals could eat and create usable food from grass and brush 
that were not directly usable by humans. Crop yields were increased 
by adding manure and manure/ wood ash mixes and composts to 
their gardens and fields. Even in the 21st century, despite the wide- 
spread availability of chemical fertilizer in industrialized nations, 
animal manure and wood ash mixes still make up the bulk of fertil- 
izers for the gardens and fields of the third world’s peasant and rural 
subsistence populations. 
Dried manure was historically used as fuel for cooking and heat- 
ing and is yet still used today (2005) as fuel for cooking and heating 
fires and the mineral rich ash then added directly or as part of a 
compost to the gardens and fields. 
Animals, as a source of draft power were the natural result of 
domestication. They carried packs, loads and humans on their backs 
over long distances, up hills, over rough terrain and they pulled plows, 
carts and wagons. 
At this point in time, human cultures were limited in size and 
complexity by the production limits of the hunting and gathering 
economies. The entire human hunter gatherer population of Europe 
is estimated to have been less than 100,000 people prior to the ap- 
pearance of organized agricultural food production. 
The upper limits of the numbers of individual humans in the 
earth’ total population,.was simply controlled by the availability and

HELLS KITCHEN 27 
quantity of food. Several good years in a row in terms of increases in 
animal populations and successful kills resulted in more babies sur- 
viving and greater numbers of adults living to older ages; and small 
migrations, poor kill efficiency, death of a primary hunter, famine 
and hostile weather would effect a cruel devastation on the human 
population. 
The size of the individual hunter-gatherer bands was set by the 
amount of the available food. The group size rarely exceeded 200 
individuals, while most bands were composed of only four or five 
families. Camps were moved quite frequently and as a result few 
personal belongings of any size or weight were accumulated. 
At 11,000 to 15,000 B.C. village life began. Agricultural success 
beginning 10,000 years ago led to larger and more densely popu- 
lated villages, towns and cities - perfect killing fields for measles, 
rubella, mumps, pertussis, smallpox, plague, influenza and tubercu- 
losis. 
Southwest Asia (Iraq) is credited with the earliest domestication 
of plants at 8,500 B.C. and animals about 8,000 B.C.; the eastern 
zones of the North American continent first domesticated plants and 
animals 6,000 years later. 
The earliest known cultivated emmer wheat came from the “Fer- 
tile Crescent” of Iraq about 8,500 B.C. and only moved west to Greece 
at 6,500 B.C.; the first domesticated chick peas came from Turkey 
and northern Syria about 8,000 B.C. and did not appear in India 
until 5,000 years later. 
The smelting of metal from ore started in the Near East about 
5,000 B.C. Evidence points to copper as the first metal to be ex- 
tracted from ore - copper carbonate, malachite and azurite were his- 
torically and commonly used as pigments, as a result, humans were 
quite familiar with various copper ores and other minerals. 
In 4,500 B.C. the Chinese were the first to discover and record 
the medicinal powers of plants. The Egyptians must be recognized 
for fully developing the physical and chemical properties of aromatic 
essences or plant oils. The natural antiseptic and antibacterial prop- 
erties of essential oils extracted from plants, and in particular cedar 
wood, myrrh and frankincense, made them ideal for preserving a

28 
body for “it’s journey into the next world.” 
Early drawings of Egyptian nobles and slaves depicted them as 
slim and fit - being overweight or obese was certainly not acommon 
human problem during the time of the pharaohs. 
About 3,400 B.C. the first wheel appeared near the Black Sea; it 
turns up over much of Europe and Asia over the next few centuries. 
All of these Old World wheels are of the same simple design - a solid 
wooden disc constructed from three planks fastened together by two 
or more Cross ties. 
As civilizations grew and prospered, and nations fought amongst 
them selves for political power, trees disappeared, they were simply 
gobbled up by hoards of men demanding fuel, timber for building 
and burning and clearing forested land for pasture and growing crops. 
The combination of these ever growing human populations and re- 
lentless demands for wood depleted the same forest stores of plant 
“solar income,” resulting in an energy crisis. 
The numbers and sizes of our fires, our meals, our towns, and 
our economies and ultimately human numbers, were all controlled 
by the limited ability of the woody plants available to us to keep up 
with demand and convert the sun’s energy into a type of energy that 
we could use as food, fuel and building materials. 
Many early craftsmen turned to a “hybrid” fuel that would be a 
significant bridge between wood and coal - charcoal. Charcoal is wood 
that has already been partially burned. For thousands of years char- 
coal has been made by heaping wood into piles that were set on fire 
and then buried causing a slow oxygen depleted smolder that pro- 
duced almost pure carbon. The charcoal burned cleaner and hotter 
than wood, however, the process of making charcoal was energy 
wasteful as it takes four pounds of wood to make one pound of char- 
coal. 
In these early energy crises, coal presented some lucky cultures 
with the stored energy of millions of years of solar income. Solar 
income, that had been deposited in a “solar savings account” of a size 
that no one at the time could fathom. Coal would give these early 
energy seekers the power to change almost every relationship that 
humans had with nature, the earth and the sun itself!

HELLS KITCHEN 29 
At 3,300 B.C., a thirty five year old Neolithic man (“Otzi”) was 
murdered by being shot in the back with an arrow. His body was 
later found in 1991 in a melting glacier in the Tirolean Otztal Alps on 
the Italian-Austrian border. He had well trimmed hair and was clothed 
in a grass cape, the skins of ibex and deer, and leather shoes stuffed 
with grass for insulation. 
Otzi carried a bow made from the wood of the yew tree, a quiver 
filled with arrows that were tipped with flint points, and a copper 
axe. 
Radiographs of Otzi’s well preserved body showed significant lev- 
els of degenerative arthritis of the neck, lumbar region of the lower 
back, and one hip; Otzi had calcifications of his arteries including 
carotid arteries, coronary arteries, aorta and iliac arteries - diseases 
thought to be the results of the dietary sins of modern western man. 
Otzi had the cardiovascular disease (arteriosclerosis) and the de- 
generative bone disease (osteoporosis and osteoarthritis) of modern 
humans, however, he was “fit” in terms of the BMI (Body Mass In- 
dex) which measures body fat versus lean mass. 
“Cardiovascular disease” and osteoporosis and osteoarthritis are 
all multiple vitamin, antioxidant and mineral deficiency disease com- 
plexes, that indicate that the Paleolithic diet was not in of itself per- 
fect. Whatever Otzi was eating, his diet was chemically less than per- 
fect - it certainly was deficient in vitamin C, calcium, magnesium 
and antioxidants - however, Otzi wasn’t obese. 
On December 2001, a Peruvian archaeological site was uncov- 
ered that was documented through carbon dating. to be the oldest 
city in the Americas, at 3,100 B.C. Construction of Caral, one of 
twenty cities in the coastal Peruvian zone of Norte Chico, started 
nearly 400 years before the first pyramid was built in Egypt and when 
most people in the world were still hunters and gatherers. The dis- 
covery was reported in the December 23, 2004 issue of the journal 
Nature. 
The “Andean” society remained basically the same for 1,200 years 
before being overrun by their more warlike neighbors - “that is the 
longest that any civilization is known to have survived,” said Jonathan 
Hass of Chicago’s Field Museum, who led the expedition.

30 
“We are seeing the emergence of centralized decision making, 
government and religion out of pristine conditions,” Hass said. “They 
were not following a pattern established by someone else. They were 
developing it on their own. An Andean culture was being invented 
in this area.” 
It had long been thought that the Americas were behind Europe, 
Africa and Asia in developing civilizations. The new date shows that 
the Americas, separated from the other centers of civilization by then, 
impassable oceans, developed in a parallel way to Europe and Asia. 
The Andean society was built mainly on cotton farming and trade 
with fishing villages along the coast of what is now modern day Peru. 
“Here is a unique system,” Hass said. “There wasn’t anything like this 
in the world.” 
The radiocarbon dating showed that the Supe Valley and the 
nearby Pativilca and Fortaleza valleys, construction began there even 
earlier - about 3,000 B. C. and spread over 700 square miles. 
The attraction for the Andean society for this location was the 
cold Humboldt Current that runs north from Antarctica along the 
Peruvian coast. The current is filled with marine life, which served as 
an “endless source” of high protein food. They also “figured out that 
if you take water out of the rivers and put it on desert land, the desert 
blooms and becomes very productive,” said Hass. 
The Andeans dug canals by hand to bring water to their fields 
and gardens. They grew guava, bean, peppers and fruit trees; how- 
ever, their most important crop was cotton, which was traded to the 
coastal villagers, who used the cotton to make fishing nets - “you 
can’t catch anchovies without nets.” Anchovies were the Andeans 
primary protein supply. 
The Andean diet dominated by small fish, would provide high 
quality protein, minerals (i.e. - calcium, zinc, selenium, magnesium, 
iodine, etc.), vitamins (A, D, E, etc.) and the essential fatty acids. 
There is evidence that the Andeans had communal hearths and 
had feasts that would coincide with successful harvests and fishing 
seasons. The Andeans developed an idyllic society where crime rarely 
occurred and few tried to attack them. Eventually, however, warfare 
was brought to them and these peaceful people were defeated and

HELLS KITCHEN 31 
Norte Chico was abandoned - only scattered subsistence farmers re- 
side there today.

a2

Chapter 3 
“Nothing is too wonderful to be true.” 
- Michael Faraday 
“Beware of doctors, as they would bring death by medicine!” 
- Cato, the Roman 
(234 - 149 B.C) 
Codes, Oaths and Medicine 
By 3,000 B.C., the warm and fertile zones in the Middle East, 
irrigated by the Tigris and Euphrates Rivers (calculated by some to 
be the location of the Garden of Eden) had generated many of 
humanity’s first steps into civilization - Ur on the banks of the 
Euphrates (Sumerians), 100 miles up river from the Persian Gulf; 
Babylon, farther up river; Assyria, centered on Assur; and later 
Nineveh on the Tigris, near what is now Mosul in 21st century Iraq. 
All of the Mesopotamian kingdoms (“lands between the rivers”) 
have produced extraordinary archeological artifacts and written lega- 
cies, which have allowed us to understand their civilizations, health, 
infrastructures and governments. 
The Mesopotamian legacy included 30,000 clay tablets, rich with 
cuneiform writings; approximately 1,000 of the tablets found in the 
Library of Assurbanipal (600 B.C.) were devoted to medical diagno- 
sis, therapy and prognosis. 
The main works, “The Treatise of Medical Diagnosis and Progno- 
sis,” are made up of 3,000 reports on forty tablets. It is comprised of 
a list of diseases:

a4 
1) “The patient coughs continuously. What he coughs up is thick 
and frequently bloody. His breathing sounds like a flute. His hand is 
cold, his feet are warm. He sweats easily, and his heart activity is 
disturbed.” -Tuberculosis. 
2) “Stinking disease and distended bellies.” - nutrient deficiency 
diseases (beriberi, pellagra, hypoproteinemia), symptomatic of the 
birth of grain based agricultural societies. 
What was clearly missing in all of these early health and disease 
descriptions was obesity. 
The Xia Dynasty (2205 - 1818 B.C.) fell after the Yie and Lo 
Rivers dried up; the Shang Dynasty fell after the Yellow River went 
dry. Primitive “slash and burn” agricultural techniques were thought 
to be the reason. After the fall of the Shang and Zhou (1122 -255 
B.C.) Dynasties, farming methods changed - wood ashes from heat- 
ing and cooking fires were added to subsistence gardens for fertil- 
izer. Another garden enrichment technique devised by the Chinese 
was to put plant debris and hand pulled weeds into holes and then 
burned to produce ash - the vegetables where then planted on top of 
the ash. 
The sixth king of the first dynasty of Babylon, Hammurabi (1728 
- 1686 B.C.) was a powerful king who brought Babylon to a feared 
and respected position amongst nations. Hammurabi’ greatest legacy 
included mathematical works, dictionaries, astrology and mystical 
writings, however, his finest works were gathered together in “The 
Code of Hammurabi.” 
The Code included 282 laws that deal with the control and regu- 
lation of society in general, family life, trades and professions - in 
effect a legal code. The laws included medical instructions for physi- 
cians. It's guidelines include fee schedules for therapy, with a sliding 
scale based on the patient's social or royal rank. 
There were ruthless fines and punishments “for incompetence or 
failure.” “If a physician has performed a major operation on a lord 
with a bronze lancet and has saved the lord’s life....he shall receive 
ten shekels of silver (a greater amount than the annul pay of a trades-

HELLS KITCHEN 35 
man); but if he caused the death of such a notable, his hand would 
be chopped off. A doctor causing the death of a slave would have to 
replace him.” 
The earliest Egyptian medical writings were produced in 2,000 
Bee: 
In 1,600 B.C., a “Book of Wounds” was produced near Luxor, 
Egypt. The work listed a head to toe inventory of forty eight case 
reports. The surgical cases treated included wounds, fractures, ab- 
scesses, circumcision, etc. Broken bones were set with ox-bone splints 
that were held in place with resin soaked bandages (casts), The pa- 
pyrus lists large numbers of “dressings, adhesive plasters, braces, 
plugs, cleansers and cauteries.” 
The Ebers papyrus (1,550 B.C.), found in Thebes is over sixty 
feet long, it is the oldest surviving medical “book.” The Ebers papy- 
rus contained information on fifteen diseases of the abdomen, twenty 
nine of the eyes, eighteen of the skin, twenty cough treatments. Seven 
hundred drugs and 800 formulae are discussed (herbs, minerals and 
animal parts and extracts). 
Notably missing in all of these Mesopotamian health writings are 
descriptions and treatments of obesity. 
Egyptian medicine credited vegetables and fruit with great heal- 
ing powers; they used tree resins (myrrh, frankincense and manna). 
Egyptians, like Mesopotamians, used plant extracts such as senna, 
colocynth and castor oil. Medicinal recipes included ox spleen, hog 
brains, tortoise bile sweetened with honey, and animal fat. Antimony, 
copper and other minerals were used as astringents and disinfec- 
tants. 
“Multiple” ingredient pills, ointments, poultices, fumigations, 
inhalations, gargles and suppositories contained ingredients ranging 
from leeks, lapis lazuli, garlic, onion, tamarisk, cereals, spices, con- 
diments, resins, gums, dates, hellebore, opium to cannabis were on 
the list of common “medications.” 
By 1,000 B.C. the populations together referred to as “Greeks,” 
were flourishing on the shores of the Aegean Sea, in lonia (the west- 
ern shores of Turkey), the Greek mainland (the Peloponnese) and 
the related islands.

36 
The accumulations of early Greek medical information were re- 
corded in the Homeric epics, dating from before 600 B.C., but also 
certainly offering older data. Greek scholars have documented 147 
battle wounds in the Iliad (106 spear thrust, 17 sword slashes, 12 
arrow hits, and 12 sling shot wounds). 
One of the most famous survivors of arrow wounds was King 
Menelaus of Sparta, whose physician “pulled the arrow from the kings 
flesh, sucked out the blood” and applied a topical salve. 
According to Greek mythology, Asclepius was a heroic warrior 
and “blameless” physician, he was the son of the god Apollo and a 
mortal woman. Homer described Asclepius as a tribal chief and a 
highly regarded wound healer; his sons became physicians who were 
called Asclepiads. As the “father-god” of medicine, Asclepius, was 
usually described as a bearded sage with a staff and snake (the origin 
of the caduceus sign of the modern physician, with it’s two snakes 
intertwined, double-helix like, on a winged staff; the shedding of the 
snake’s skin symbolized the renewal of life). Asclepius was frequently 
pictured with his daughters Hygeia (health or hygiene) and Panacea 
(cure-all). 
The Greeks are legendary for employing religious healing meth- 
ods including exorcisms, diviners, shamans and priests. 
By contrast, Hippocratic medicine, the foundation of Greek writ- 
ten medicine, quite clearly bases the medical healing art on natural 
philosophy rather than the supernatural. The Hippocratic writings 
never attributed disease or cures to the gods. 
Most of what we know about Hippocrates (460 to 377 B.C.) is 
a collection of myth and legend. The earliest of information claims 
that he was born on the island of Cos and that, “he lived a long and 
virtuous life.” The sixty writings that make up Hippocrates’ Corpus 
were in reality derived from many scholars (like the Bible), they were 
dispersed, mixed up, fragmented and then put together again like a 
puzzle. 
Hippocrates’ Corpus, as we know it, was put together about 250 
B.C. in the library at Alexandria; some texts were added at a later 
date - medical historians of modern times still argue over which parts 
of the Corpus are genuine and which have been composed and added

HELLS KITCHEN 37 
by students or admirers. 
In May, 2004, a team of Egyptian and Polish archaeologists, un- 
earthed the ruins of the University of Alexandria - the alma mater of 
Archimedes, that was in it’s peak of glory 2,300 years ago when Alex- 
andria was the center of the scholarly world. 
It was at the University of Alexandria that Archimedes invented a 
water pump design that is still used today; Euclid organized and 
developed the rules of geometry; Hypsicles divided the zodiac into 
360 equal arcs or degrees; and Eratosthenes calculated the diameter 
of the earth. Other scholars edited the works of Homer and pro- 
duced the Septuagint, the ancient Greek translation of the Old Testa- 
ment. 
Hippocrates observed that man is “governed by the same physi- 
cal laws as the cosmos, hence medicine must be an understanding, 
empirical and rational, of the workings of the body in it’s natural 
environment.” 
The profound concept in the Hippocrates Corpus was that “health 
was equilibrium and illness an upset.” 
Followers of Hippocrates specialized in bedside medicine, and 
even at this early date blamed their treatments failures on the patient's 
failure to follow directions: 
“Make frequent visits; be especially careful in your examinations, coun- 
teracting the things wherein you have been deceived at the changes. Thus 
you will know the case more easily, and at the same time you will also be 
more at your ease. For instability is characteristic of the humours (body 
fluids including blood, bile, urine, pus and mucus), and so they may also 
be easily altered by nature and by chance.....Keep a watch also on the 
faults of the patients, which often make them lie about the taking of things 
prescribed. For through not taking disagreeable drinks, purgative or other, 
they sometimes die. What they have done never results in a confession, but 
the blame is thrown upon the physician.” 
The therapeutic methods of the followers of Hippocrates was “ex- 
pectant” - they waited and watched their patients, talking, winning 
trust and giving a helping hand to the “healing power of nature” (vis

38 
medicatrix naturae) highlighted in Hippocratic text On Ancient Medi- 
cine. 
The Hippocratic Oath forbade the use of a knife, even for the 
common kidney and bladder stones (the results of raging osteoporo- 
sis). Additional works referred surgery to those competent in han- 
dling war wounds - surgery was considered an “inferior trade” of the 
hands, while the work of a true physician was a work of the head and 
mind. 
The preferred Hippocratic methods of treatment were steeped in 
dietary regulation. Humans can’t eat forage like herbivores, so a good 
diet was crucial for good health - “The first cook was the first physi- 
cian.” 
Followers of Hippocrates made no claims for “miracle cures,” 
however, they did promise “that they would first and foremost do no 
harm (primum non nocere)” and looked at themselves as friends, ad- 
vocates and representatives of the sick. 
Even though the Hippocratic Oath is taken by modern graduates 
of medical schools, the Oath’s origins are unknown other than it origi- 
nated somewhere around the fifth and third centuries B.C. The Oath 
did not reflect the general medical standards of conduct of the day. 
The Hippocratic reverence for human life (Hippocrates was against 
abortion and infanticide) was not shared by Plato and Aristotle. The 
Hippocratic Oath was the early form of the western style concept of 
a “profession” as a morally self-regulating discipline among those 
sharing a trade and committed to helping others. 
The shortcoming’s of the Hippocratic method of healing included 
a lack of deep knowledge of the internal physiology of the human 
body, however, its departure from contemporary thinking of disease 
was that “sickness was a disturbance in the health of the patient” was 
a landmark shift in thought. 
The preferred Hippocratic therapies were founded in the regula- 
tion of diet. He reasoned that humans, unlike sheep and goats, could 
not eat plant roughage diets and therefore a good and proper diet 
was essential to good health. But the Hippocratic teachings on diet 
(diatetica), meant more than a simple meal of food and drink, his 
view was that “diet” included an entire lifestyle including exercise,

HELLS KITCHEN 39 
sex, bathing, sleep and spirituality - in effect Hippocrates was the 
first physician to consider “fitness” in all of its forms essential to 
health and longevity. 
“Life is short, the art long, opportunity fleeting, experience falla- 
cious, judgment difficult,” offers the first of the Hippocratic apho- 
risms, outlining the arduous, but honorable labor of the physician of 
the time. 
Hippocratic medicine taught two principals that are no longer 
regarded as sacrosanct by the modern physician: 
1) The role of a physician was a lofty and selfless role. 
2) The understanding of sickness requires the understanding 
of nature. 
The Hippocratic Oath 
I swear by Apollo the healer, by Aesculapius, by Health and all 
the powers of healing, and call to witness all the gods and goddesses 
that I may keep this Oath and Promise to the best of my ability and 
judgment. 
I will pay the same respect to my master in the Science as to my 
parents and share my life with him and pay all my debts to him. I 
will regard his sons as my brothers and teach them the Science, if 
they desire to learn it, without fee or contract. I will hand on pre- 
cepts, lectures and all other learning to my sons, to those of my mas- 
ter and to those pupils duly apprenticed and sworn, and to none 
other. 
I will use my power to help the sick to the best of my ability and 
judgment; I will abstain from harming or wronging any man by it. 
I will not give a fatal draught to anyone if I am asked, nor will | 
suggest any such thing. Neither will I give a woman means to pro- 
cure an abortion. 
I will be chaste and religious in my life and in my practice. 
I will not cut, even for the stone, but I will leave such procedures 
to the practitioners of that craft.

40 
Whenever I go into a house, I will go to help the sick and never 
with the intention of doing harm or injury. I will not abuse my posi- 
tion to indulge in sexual contacts with the bodies of women or of 
men, whether they be freemen or slaves. 
Whatever I see or hear, professionally or privately, which ought 
not be divulged, I will keep secret and tell no one. 
If, therefore, I observe this Oath and do not violate it, may I pros- 
per both in my life and in my profession, earning good repute among 
all men for all time. If I transgress and forswear this Oath, may my 
lot be otherwise. 
>, “~~ 
Greek philosophers looked at health and fitness as two of the 
greatest assets of life that a human could have. The earliest philoso- 
pher to write about Hippocrates’ thoughts and methods was Plato 
(427 - 437 B.C.); he divided human nature into three functions - 
reason, spirit and appetites. The three functions, according to Plato, 
were located in the brain, the heart and the liver respectively - and all 
three were constantly in competition. 
Through reason and spirit, the philosopher could conquer a 
human's sordid animal desires. The Republic’s recognition and dis- 
tinctions between reason, appetite, mind and body, was of the great- 
est philosophical and psychological value. 
Platos pupil, Aristotle, additionally theorized significant new views 
on the constitution of human life. A doctors son from Stagira in 
Thrace, Aristotle (384 - 322 B.C.) moved to Athens to become a 
pupil of Plato; he later became the tutor and mentor of Alexander the 
Great (36 =323 BC): 
Aristotle, Alexander’s personal physician and tutor, made and 
recorded many profound physiological observations. 
Aristotle was a promoter for the systematic description of nature 
and he established a method of empirical study into the natural world: 
zoology, botany, and meteorology. He believed that the natural world 
was organized and that nothing occurred by accident - following 
that line of reasoning, anatomical reality was described in terms of 
their function (teleology). Aristotle’s methods of scientific investiga-

HELVS KITCHEN 41 
tion guided medical research for almost 2,000 years. 
Aristotle was the first scientific investigator to advance medical 
and biomedical science through the art of animal dissection. His de- 
scription of a three chambered heart perplexed many of his follow- 
ers, however, reptiles (i.e - snakes, lizards, turtles, etc.) and amphib- 
ians (i.e.- frogs, toads, newts, etc.) classically have three chambered 
hearts, suggesting that Aristotle did his early dissections on reptiles 
and amphibians. 
Aristotle observed chicken embryos developing in eggs and be- 
lieved that that the observable beating heart was the first sign of life 
and therefore was the center of life. He concluded that the heart and 
blood vessels were vessels that contained blood in an organized fash- 
ion as opposed to blood simply being a diffuse pool in the body. He 
believed that blood itself was the “nutrient” that vessels absorbed 
from the intestines concluding, “this explains why the blood dimin- 
ishes in quantity when no food is given, and increases when much is 
consumed.” Thus Aristotle gave the first recognition of anemia’s as- 
sociation with nutritional deficiencies. 
Failing to appreciate the central nervous system and the periph- 
eral nerves as a system separate from the cardiovascular system, 
Aristotle credited the heart as the seat of the soul, and the source of 
movement and sensation further adding to his view the central im- 
portance of the heart. He believed the brain was simply a regulator, a 
cooler that “prevented the blood from overheating and boiling.” 
Aristotle’s presentations of physiology and psychology in, On the 
Soul, On Sleep and Waking, On Sensation and On Memory fascinated 
physicians and scientific philosophers; 2,000 years later his works 
and teleological observations guided physiologists such as William 
Harvey (who finished the puzzle on how blood circulated through a 
closed vascular system, that connected arteries and veins through 
capillaries which Aristotle couldn’ see for lack of a microscope). 
Aristotle’s princely student, Alexander the Great destroyed his 
enemies even as a boy and complained that, “There were no more 
worlds to conquer.” Alexander, mortally wounded, died in 323 B.C. 
- on his death bed he exclaimed, “I die by the help of too many 
physicians.” Following Alexander’ death, basic science gained an

az 
important status in the government of King Ptolemy (323 - 282 B.C.). 
King Ptolemy’s most important cultural contribution, the 
Alexandrian Library and the Museum (sanctuary of the Muses) pro- 
duced a hybrid vigor in scientific thinking as a result of a blending of 
the Greek and Egyptian texts of the day. The library was the “Mecca” 
of the known scholarly world, with an accumulation of more than 
700,000 writings and manuscripts, an observatory, zoological gar- 
dens, 13 massive lecture halls and research laboratories. 
A section of the library was destroyed in 48 B.C. during riots that 
followed Julius Caesar's entrance into Alexandria; sometime later 
Christian zealots called for the destruction of the Temple of the Muses 
and the pagan idols within. According to legends, in A.D. 395, the 
last remaining resident scholar (a female mathematician), Hypatia, 
was dragged from the museum and stoned to death by rioting crowds. 
The Muslim sacking of Alexandria in the 7th century completely 
destroyed the last vestiges of the museum and library. 
Following Alexander's conquest of the “known world,” Hellenis- 
tic thought reached from the Persian Gulf to the Island of Sicily; 
Greek became the status language of royalty. A positive result of the 
“Greeking” of the world was a substantial increase in the accumula- 
tion of scientific information on animals, plants, minerals and “drugs.” 
Alexandria was a magnet for advanced medical and scientific 
thinkers, including Herophilus of Chalcedon (330 - 235 B.C.) and 
his fellow academic, Erasistratus of Chios (330 - 255 B.C.). Herophilus 
practiced medicine in Alexandria and achieved fame by doing hu- 
man dissections in public. He wrote eleven scholarly texts, including 
three on anatomy - it was he that discovered and gave names for the 
prostate gland and the duodenum (Greek for twelve fingers - length 
of the upper small intestine). He wrote extensively on the diagnostic 
value of the pulse, therapeutics, ophthalmology, nutrition and diets, 
and midwifery. 
The personal renderings of Herophilus and Erasistratus were de- 
stroyed by rioters; however, through their later follower’s writings, 
including Cornelius Celsus (A.D. 60), we learned that they experi- 
mented on and dissected living humans. These reports were prob- 
ably correct since the Greeks used their conqueror and occupier sta- .

HELLS KITCHEN $43 
tus to subjugate their “inferiors,” especially condemned criminals. 
Herophilus differentiated between arteries and veins for the first 
time. His observations pointed out that the walls of arteries were 
much thicker than those of veins. His most notable discovery was a 
description of the nerves and their origin in the brain; he correctly 
concluded for the first time that the nerves, not the blood vessels, 
were the carriers of motor impulses from the central nervous system 
to the peripheral tissues including muscle. 
Greek medicine metastasized throughout the Mediterranean, in- 
cluding Italy. The southern Italian cities of Elea, Tarentum and 
Metapontum claimed more of a Greek cultural following than Ro- 
man. Rome was different - the “no-nonsense” Roman thinking stated 
that “one was better off without doctors.” “Romans had no need of 
doctors,” insisted writers such as Cato (234 - 149 B.C.), because 
they, “the Romans were healthier unlike the weaker Greeks.” “Be- 
ware of doctors,” he wrote, “as they would bring death by medicine!” 
“It is our duty, my young friends,” declared Cicero (106 - 43 
B.C.),”to resist old age; to compensate for its defects by a watch- 
ful care; to fight against it as we would fight against disease; to 
adopt a regimen of health; to practice moderate exercise; and to 
take just enough food and drink to restore our strength and not 
overburden it.” Thus Cicero was one of the first individuals of 
royal status to call for a national program of individual responsi- 
bility for health and fitness - and to consciously avoid overeating 
and obesity. 
The medical giant of the Roman era was Galen (129 - 216 A.D.). 
Galen’s importance to medicine over the millennium was due in great 
part to his voluminous writings. More of his writings survived than 
any of those of any other author - he produced more than 350 origi- 
nal works on such wide ranging subjects as the soul to blood letting 
- more than all other Greek writings together. 
Galen was the son of a wealthy architect; as a result, he enjoyed 
an education that was unequalled for his time - when he was but 
sixteen, his father steered him toward medicine. He studied with 
Alexandrian medical scholars, and traveled and studied medicine 
and “drugs” throughout Egypt, India and Africa.

44 
Galen returned home to Pergamon (now known as Bergama, Tur- 
key) in 157 A.D., where he was appointed physician to the gladia- 
tors, a post which allowed him to expand his anatomical knowledge 
and surgical expertise, “as the wounds of battle allowed windows 
into the living body.” 
Pergamon was a rustic town, so in 162 A.D., Galen left for Rome, 
where his public debates against Methodists and well attended pub- 
lic anatomical displays raised his fame to almost royal levels. Galen 
was famous for parlor tricks, which included the severing of nerves 
in the neck of a pig. As the nerves were cut, one by one, the pig 
would continue to squeal until Galen cut the laryngeal nerves - the 
squealing noise stopped even though the pig continued an attempt 
to squeal. 
Galen became the physician to senators and Emperors, and as a 
result he developed the first modern medical ego so typical of M.D.s: 
“I have done as much for medicine as Trajan did for the Roman Em- 
pire when he built bridges and roads through Italy. It is I, and I alone, who 
have revealed the true path of medicine. It must be admitted that 
Hippocrates already staked out this path...he prepared the way, but I have 
made it passable.” 
In the absence of scholarly universities, colleges and degrees and 
the artful nature of medicine, students followed the teachings of in- 
dividual physicians, often sitting at their feet out of respect and fol- 
lowing him on his rounds. Medical authors often publicly debated 
philosophies resulting in a flourishing of rival schools of medical 
thought. 
Ancient scholarly pursuits gained a systematic approach to the 
materia medica, through the writings of two unique philosophers. 
Theophrastus (371 - 287 B.C.), a student of Aristotle, became the 
director of the Peripatetic school of Athens. His two works on plants 
deal with their descriptions and Investigations of Plants (De historia 
planttarum) and their origins (the Causis plantarum) and Explana- 
tions of Plants - through these writings he laid the foundation for the 
field of modern botany.

HELLS KITCHEN 45 
The Investigations classifies plants into the groups of trees, shrubs 
and herbs. All of 550 species and varieties are identified, through 
habitats ranging from the Atlantic to India (his information and ma- 
terial on Indian plants were collected by scholars of Alexander's ex- 
pedition in the 320s B.C.) - his work led to the systematic review of 
medicinal botany and the widespread appearance of botanical gar- 
dens. 
The second most important post Galen scholar was Dioscorides 
(40 - 90 A.D.), a Greek surgeon attached to Nero’ army. His De ma- 
terial medica, published in Greek, however, better known by its Latin 
name appeared as five books: 
BookI - Aromatics and essential oils (i.e. - saffron, 
oils, salves, shrubs and trees). 
Book II - Animals, cereals and herbs. 
Book III - Roots, juices, herbs and seeds. 
Book IV - Roots and herbs. 
Book V - Vines, minerals (including salts of lead and copper). 
His books were designed to list the pharmaceutical values of the 
plants and other “drugs.” 
In the days of the Greeks and Romans, health, fitness, athletics 
and “diet” (philosophy) were everything. Obesity was not an option 
for the Greek or Roman citizen. These cultures were consciously 
putting their wood ashes, dutifully collected each morning from their 
cooking and heating fires, into their gardens, they cut and extended 
their dietary salt (Greek and Roman soldiers, tradesmen and artisans 
were paid “salaries” in the form of salt causing salt to be a substance 
of great value and it was often traded ounce for ounce for gold) with 
wood ashes, and wood ashes were used as “culinary” ashes for the 
preparation of many grain dishes.

46

Chapter 4 
“All men dream, but not equally. Those who dream by night in the 
dusty recesses of their minds wake in the day to find that it was vanity; but 
the dreamers of the day are dangerous men, for they may act their dreams 
with open eyes, to make it possible.” 
- T. E. Lawrence 
The Seven Pillars of Wisdom 
Hospitals — 
The Road to Hell 
The appearance of medieval hospitals, were in effect logical ex- 
tensions of religious altruism. Those established in the west were 
initially small and originally erected for the benefit of religious pil- 
grims. Later versions of hospitals were more expansive and provided 
a wider service for more people - St. Leonard's in York had 225 beds 
for the sick and poor in 1287; even larger were the secular hospitals 
of Milan, Siena, and Paris. 
In Florence, a city with a population of 30,000, there were more 
than thirty hospital foundations by the 15th century. Many had only 
ten beds, while some others boasted hundreds of beds. In England 
hospitals and almshouses numbered about 500 by 1400, however, 
only a few were of any significant size. London’s St. Bartholomew's 
dates back to 1123; and St. Thomas from 1215. At Bury St. Edmunds, 
six hospitals were endowed between 1150 and 1260 to “care for lep- 
ers, pilgrims, the infirm and the aged.” 
The Crusades played a large role in hospital expansion; crusad-

48 
ing orders, including the Knights of St. John (later to be called the 
Knights of Malta), the Knights of Templar, and the Teutonic Knights 
- all built hospitals in the Mediterranean and Germanic territories. 
By 1300 non-military brotherhoods, including the Order of the Holy 
Spirit, were supporting clinics from Alsace to Poland; the order of St. 
John of God built insane asylums in 1500 in Spain and about 200 
hospitals in the New World. 
Originally, small hospitals were hostels or hospices that lacked 
medical support. By 1215, physicians were on full time staff at the 
Paris Hotel Dieu, near Notre Dame, and Sta Maria in Florence, from 
12 beds in 1288 “for the sick and the poor,” to a medical staff of ten 
doctors, a pharmacist and several assistants including female sur- 
geons by 1500. 
The Golden Age of hospital building during the 1200s occurred 
at the same time as the founding of universities in Italy, Spain, France 
and England. Paris University was founded in 1110; Bologna in 1158; 
Oxford in 1167; Montpellier in 1181; Cambridge in 1209; Padua In 
1222; and Naples in 1224. 
By the 1230s Montpellier was attracting medical students from 
distant places. Initially medical schools developed in an eclectic fash- 
ion like Topsie. However, the staff eventually formed formal faculties 
for mutual protection and job security. 
There were significant philosophical differences between the cleri- 
cally administered Hospitals of Paris, Cologne, and Oxford, where 
the religious beliefs of the faculty dominated all things and the non 
denominational universities such as Montpellier and Italy, where the 
arts and law faculties dominated. At that time a Bachelor of Medicine 
(MB) required seven years of study and Medical Doctorate (MD) re- 
quired ten years of study. 
Asa result of the stringent requirements for medical degrees, few 
students applied and fewer graduated: Bologna issued sixty five de- 
grees in medicine and only one in surgery between 1419 and 1434; 
Turin only 13 between 1426 and 1462. The one large medical school, 
which was considered a model of superior service and training was 
in Padua, here medical students made up ten percent of the student 
body; its medical faculty was relatively large, boasting 16 teachers in

HELLS KITCHEN 49 
1436, by comparison Oxford had only a single MD on the faculty. 
Degreed physicians were at the top of the “pecking order,” how- 
ever, they were not the only health practitioners. Larger towns and 
cities were magnets for a wide variety of “healers.” In 1400, Florence 
was invaded by medical graduates from Padua and Bologna, bone 
setters from Rome, and families specializing in eye diseases, hernia 
and the stone. Herbalists, midwives, hawkers of home remedies, and 
priests sold religious cures. 
The numbers of health practitioners continued to increase even- 
tually resulting in the appearances of guilds, apprenticeships, exami- 
nations of applicants, locations of pharmacies, supervision of drugs, 
food and herbs. By 1236, Florentine physicians and pharmacists 
joined forces and formed a single guild that was officially recognized 
as one of the cities seven major crafts. 
Medical organizations formed in many different ways. In south- 
ern Europe surgeons and physicians were equals and it was encour- 
aged for physicians to also become surgeons. In Frederick II's regula- 
tions for the Kingdom of Sicily (1231), one could only get a license 
to practice after five years of schooling which included courses and 
qualifications in surgery. 
In Italy, the opportunity to take courses in surgery encouraged 
physicians and surgeons to be cooperative and “happy bed fellows.” 
Outside of Italy, surgery was excluded from the university curricula. 
In northern Europe surgical training and practice were organized as 
guilds with required apprenticeships, and were therefore regarded 
by licensed physicians as “quacks.” 
In Paris, the surgeon’s organization was established in 1210 after 
the College of St. Cosme was chartered. It's members were differenti- 
ated by “long robes” and “short robes.” Only the long robes were 
allowed to perform surgery. Training was primarily practical and the 
college granted three possible degrees: a bachelors degree, a simple 
license, and a masters. A three sided faculty “war” developed be- 
tween the various physicians on the faculty - the physicians, sur- 
geons and barbers. 
The introduction of anatomical dissection to the curriculum fur- 
ther added to the animosity because the dissection was under the

50 
direction of physicians and the knives were wielded by the surgeons. 
The earliest civic contracts for “public” physicians were recorded 
in Reggio, Italy in 1211 and Bologna in 1214, where the contractors 
were responsible for treating soldiers as well as the common citizen. 
Contracts commonly imposed a residence requirement, outlined the 
doctor's private and public duties, and set scales of fees. 
The civic contract system flourished and in 1300 showed up in 
all the large towns and cities in northern Italy. By 1500, civic doctors 
were being hired in northern France, Flanders, several German cities 
- only England dragged their toes and failed to hire civic doctors. 
In 1516, the conflict was resolved by the surgeons agreeing to be 
supervised by the physicians - both quickly became allies and at- 
tacked the barbers. In the Germanys and England, barber-surgeons 
were quite common; in Italy, Spain, and southern France barber- 
surgeons never were accepted. 
In 1518, the College of Physicians was chartered to regulate and 
license the practice of medicine in London. 
Hospitals were the home of surgical teachings and surgeries for 
the poor. In 1780, John Howard had inspected Europe’s hospitals 
and found them dripping with filth, pus, gangrene and infections - 
surgery was better performed at the patient's home. Hospital surgical 
mortality was 300 to 500 percent higher than for surgeries performed 
at home. “It is like a plague,” groaned John Bell, “no operation dare 
be performed, every cure stands still, every wound becomes a sore, 
and every sore is apt to run into gangrene.” At the Paris Hotel Dieu, 
“at the hearing of the word (surgery), the patients gave themselves 
up for lost.” 
Simpson coined the term “hospitalism” defined as “a general 
morbid condition of the building, or of its atmosphere, productive 
of disease.” Simpson believed hospitals should be burnt down every 
once in awhile, 
In England, the Crimean War (1854 - 56) brought to the public 
view the need for sweeping changes in hospital management. Flo- 
rence Nightingale (1820 - 1910) became a heroine; she was from a 
wealthy well educated family, born in Florence during a family vaca- 
tion, she pursued nursing as a mechanism to see the world. After a.

HELLS KITCHEN 51 
short stint with the Daughters of Charity in Paris in 1853, she was 
appointed superintendent in London of the Establishment for Gentle- 
women during illness, eventually becoming superintendent of nurses 
at King’s College Hospital. 
The start of the Crimean War in 1854 was her opportunity to put 
her theories on cleanliness to work. At the English base at Scutari, 
across the Bosphorus from Istanbul, hospital conditions were dread- 
ful. Rumors of the neglect of the sick and wounded were confirmed 
by newspaper stories by, William Russell, a London Times reporter: 
“Not only are there not sufficient surgeons......Not only are there no 
dressers and nurses....there is not even linen to make bandages.” 
The London Times demanded action, England responded; Night- 
ingale offered her services to her friend Sydney Herbert, the Secre- 
tary of War. Herbert confessed, “There is but one person in England 
that I know of who would be capable of organizing and superintend- 
ing such a scheme.” A contingent of thirty eight nurses - ten Roman 
Catholic sisters, eight Anglican sisters, six St John’s House nurses, 
and fourteen from various hospitals were gathered and sent over the 
vigorous objections of the top military leaders. 
On November 4, 1854 Nightingale and her nurses pulled into 
Scutari, where almost 2,000 wounded and sick soldiers lay in filthy 
rat infested wards. Three hundred scrubbing brushes were promptly 
ordered. As the cleanliness crusade was in full flower, the Battle of 
Inkerman was exploding, and the hospital was flooded with armies 
of the wounded. 
Nightingale organized the care of the wounded and ultimately 
called in an additional eighty nurses to bolster her war on filth. She 
prepared and served meals, supplied bedding, and dealt with the 
laundry, “I am a kind of General Dealer in socks, shirts, knives and 
forks, wooden spoons, tin baths, tables and forms, cabbages and car- 
rots, operating tables, towels and soap,” she exclaimed. In six months 
she cut the hospital death rate from forty percent down to two per- 
cent. When she returned to England in 1856, she was surprised to 
find herself heralded as a heroine. 
Nightingale possessed a drill instructor's fortitude and firm hand. 
Her success in promoting the profession of nursing was owed to her

a2 
demand that in her Notes on Nursing (1859) on the necessity for nurs- 
ing applicants to receive an intensive training in nursing theory and 
practice. 
Nightingale was a proponent of facts, referring to statistics “as the 
most important science in the world.” 
Not much has changed in “modern” 20th and 21st century hospi- 
tals since the old days of medicine; sure, there is more chromium, more 
diagnostic machinery (CT scans, MRI, PET scans, ultrasound, etc.), yet 
the mortality statistics are still abysmal. 
In 1990 a survey by the World Health Organization (WHO) and the 
Center for Disease Control showed that America ranked 17th in longev- 
ity when compared with the top thirty two industrialized nations. The 
entire world spent $2.7 trillion for health care; the United States alone 
- spent $1.6 trillion for health care, yet ranked 17th in longevity. Despite 
enormous health care spending that eclipsed the gross national product 
- of most nations, the United States dropped to 24th in longevity ten years 
- later in June of 2000 and 26th in longevity by March 2005! 
In 1996, a Harvard School of Public Health survey showed that 
- 180,000 Americans were killed each year in hospitals alone as a re- 
sult of medical negligence; 1.3 million Americans were physically 
injured each year in hospitals alone as a result of medical negligence. 
In March 11, 1998, the Center for Disease Control reported that 
2,000,000 Americans are infected each year in hospitals alone as a 
result of medical negligence; and despite around the clock nursing 
care and intravenous antibiotics 90,000 died. 
In November 1999, according to the Institute of Medicine, medi- 
cal mistakes and errors ranked as 8th top killer of Americans in hos- 
pitals each year. In December 2002, a Johns Hopkins study elevated 
medical mistakes to the number three cause of death in Americans 
each year killing 250,000. 
In 2004, the Center for Disease Control, listed poly-pharmacy 
(multiple drugs interacting in a negative way) as the cause of unto- 
ward or bad drug reactions in 2.2 million Americans; despite heroic 
efforts, 140,000 to 200,000 died as a result of medical negligence. 
Each year 5.8 million American casualties, killed, wounded 
and infected, are perpetrated against hospital patients by medi-.

HELLS KITCHEN 53 
cal doctors and yet no one seems to care - an unbelievable score 
that dwarfs the horror of all terrorism and wars! 
How can this happen? Many factors are involved: 
1) Americans have a low functioning immune system for the 
lack of raw materials (minerals) necessary to maintain 
and repair itself. 
2) Doctors simply don’t pay attention to details of diet, 
supplementation, treatments, surgeries and prescriptions - 
this environment encourages obesity, diabetes and the 
Metabolic Syndrome. 
3) Doctors don’t wash their hands, change their clothes or 
change shoe covers between patients. 
4) Doctors lie to insurance companies (private and government) 
to get paid for procedures that patients don’t need or get. 
5) According to the insurance industry American doctors are 
responsible for seventy five percent of all health insurance 
and Medicare fraud. 
6) Doctors get kickbacks for prescribing drugs that patients 
didn’t need. 
December 8, 2004, the Los Angeles Times featured a front page 
story that revealed the current state of the “modern” American hos- 
pital system. The story described the terrible conditions at the King/ 
Drew Hospital and “how whole departments fail a hospital’s patients. 
A culture of mismanagement pervades nursing, orthopedic surgery, 
the residency program and the pharmacy. Individual employees’ short- 
comings often made matters worse.” 
“Patients languished unattended by nurses.” 
“There was so much stuff at that place (King/Drew)... You couldn't 
focus on patient care.” 
According to the Los Angeles Times, “Mistakes and lax supervi- 
sion have debilitated King/Drew’s pharmacy and doctor-training pro- 
grams, which affect nearly every patient. The Department of ortho-

54 
pedic surgery was crippled by employee misbehavior, absenteeism, 
profiteering, even the commission of felonies.” 
At King/Drew Hospital it was every doctor, every nurse and ev- 
ery pharmacist for themselves - the patients are relegated to the sta- 
tus of a vehicle that the hospital staff rode to obtain money, drugs, 
sex and power - it was and still is a modern Sodom and Gomorrah. 
To get off of the Road to Hell, to eliminate the weight and obesity 
problems of urban man, we must begin to take control of our own 
health programs (including weight control and anti-obesity programs), 
support our body’s raw material needs and boycott the existing medi- 
cal system of hospitals and surgery - doctors, hospitals and the medi- 
cal system are so busy trying to “get their share” they no longer have 
time for the serious treatment and prevention of the overweight and 
the obese.

HELLS KITCHEN 55

56

Chapter 5 
“The formulation of a problem is often more essential than its solution, 
which may be merely a matter of mathematical or experimental skill.” 
- Albert Einstein 
The Energy Crisis 
In 1268 Norman castles and great manors had chimneys to draw 
the coal smoke outside, it would be another 200 years before this 
luxury was found in the humble houses of common people. The 
commoners fire sat on a raised stone hearth in the middle of the 
main room to avoid setting the wooden walls on fire. The smoke 
would fill the room until it seeped through gaps in the walls or roof 
- the dusty ashes left over from the wood’s combustion were taken 
out every morning, mixed with salt (three to one or ten to one to cut 
and conserve the salt) for their diets, used as “culinary” ashes to pre- 
pare grain dishes and then they placed the balance of the household 
ash byproduct in the vegetable garden as fertilizer. 
From an indoor air quality standpoint, the majority of English- 
men had not advanced much beyond the conditions suffered by Homo 
erectus, who, over hundreds of thousands of years earlier, had huddled 
over wood fires inside large huts made of sticks and branches. 
The 13th century Englishmen were still getting their daily sup- 
ply of minerals, either directly (mixed with salt and placed on their 
food) or indirectly (placing the ashes in the garden) from their wood 
ashes. 
Beginning in 1285, during the reign of Edward I, various com- 
missions were established in London to address the problem of coal

58 
smoke, which early environmentalists complained, “had infected and 
corrupted” the air. 
During the summer of 1306, bishops, barons and knights from 
all over England ventured from their country estates and manors and 
traveled to London town. They arrived to take part in a new political 
experiment called Parliament. When they arrived in London they 
were met with an awful odor - fumes and smoke from burning coal. 
Blacksmiths and other tradesmen had begun burning coal in place of 
wood, filling London’ air with sooty, smelly smoke. 
By the summer of 1306, enough coal was being burned by black- 
smiths, brewers (20,000 wagon loads of wood were used each year 
to distill and ferment beer and whisky), and others who required 
large quantities of fuel, that there was an organized resistance against 
it leading to a royal ban of coal use in London and other cities. 
Despite new laws threatening steep fines and the destruction of 
furnaces, coal use continued to increase in volume. Some sources 
say that one transgressor of the coal ban law was, “hanged, tortured, 
or decapitated.” 
The reason for London’ rising coal use was obvious. The popu- 
lation of London and of Britain generally, had been increasing, and as 
a result the forests were in a severe state of decline. Forests near 
London were consumed first because of easy access; they were burned 
for firewood, cut for building timber, or simply burned to clear land 
for crop production or pasture for livestock. 
Wood ash supplies for garden fertilizer, cutting salt and culi- 
nary uses declined. People did not like to use coal ashes or “clin- 
kers” for their food, salt or gardens because they imparted a 
burned petroleum smell and taste. The reduced supply of wood 
ashes caused a general decline in the health and immune de- 
fenses in the populations of Europe - “for lack of a nail a king- 
dom was lost.” 
As supplies of energy from living forests declined and became 
scarce, and more costly, the demand for energy from coal rose signifi- 
cantly. The coal merchants, watching the burgeoning cities and the 
shrinking forests surely thought coal was nearing a boom in sales. As 
luck would have it the energy crisis was solved, not by coal, but .

HELVS KITCHEN 59 
rather by a plague that devastated Europe’s populations. 
In October 1347, the crew of a trading ship that docked in Sicily 
brought the Bubonic Plague to Europe. The “Black Death” was al- 
ready wiping out the populations of China, India, and the Middle 
East; in its first European rage, continuing until 1351, it would kill 
almost one third of Europe’s population - 25 million souls were lost. 
Some modern scholars speculated that the plague was particu- 
larly deadly because the general population had already been weak- 
ened by years of bad weather, bad harvests, reduced supplies of wood 
(and therefore ashes) and famine. At the time, most residents of Eu- 
rope viewed the plague as evidence of the wrath of God! After careful 
consideration, the medical staff and faculty of the prestigious Uni- 
versity of Paris determined that the plague was caused by “an un- 
usual alignment of the planets that had occurred on March 20, 1345.” 
In England, the plague would break out again and again and 
again, at least three additional times before 1400, and Europe’s popu- 
lation would continue to be ravaged by disease until 1500. By 1500 
only 3 million people lived in England, about half the number that 
had lived there before the appearance of the plague. As deserted and 
abandoned farms and lands were reclaimed by the forests and trees 
became large enough to provide the needs of the decimated popula- 
tion, coal sales went into the tank - the coal market literally dried up, 
and wood ashes were back! 
In the late 1500s the English suffered an energy crisis when their 
population grew and again because of an increased demand for and 
consumption of wood, the forests shrank. The English learned to 
tolerate what had been thought of as intolerable - they became the 
first western culture to mine and burn coal on a massive preferential 
national scale. The coal burning public and businesses filled the air 
of London and other cities with the most polluted and foul air in the 
history of humanity. 
The English went on to power an industrial revolution with coal 
and transform the world of industry, agriculture, human health and 
the fate of the planet itself - the energy from coal was a double edged 
sword. 
The nobles led popular demonstrations by the populous denounc-

60 
ing the use of coal in the city - King Edward I banned the use of coal 
for political expediency. The original bans were ignored, so more 
desperate laws were passed to punish first offenders with “great fines 
and ransoms.” Second offenders had their furnaces destroyed. 
In 1346 through 1352 the plague (Black Death) killed twenty 
five percent of Europe’s population with some cities recording a loss 
of seventy percent of their populations. 
In 1455 Gutenberg produced a printing press from a wine press, 
and printed his first Gutenberg Bible. 
During the Edo period (1603 - 1867) of Japan, rice straw was 
used to make a variety of products including sandals, hats, mats and 
rope. The manufacture of products from rice straw was a common 
cottage industry used to supplement the meager Japanese cash in- 
come. 
The old and used straw items were burned as fuel in the kitchen 
ovens and heating stoves - farmers and “ash traders” purchased or 
traded for the ash which was then resold for fertilizer. In this way, 
almost all of the 10 million tons of the annual production of rice 
straw was returned to the soil. 
The carbon dioxide produced by burning the straw was used by 
the growing rice plant, along with the sun’s energy (solar income) 
and the photosynthesis process to manufacture the carbon chains 
required by all living things. 
In 1661, John Graunt, a little known London draper theorized 
that by making tables out of London mortality data and analyzing it, 
he could create more useful information. His resulting observations, 
published in 1662, resulted in Charles II, recommending Graunt’s 
election to the prestigious and newly formed Royal Society - adding 
that, “if they found any more such tradesmen, they should be sure to 
admit them all without further ado.” Graunt’s analysis confirmed 
that infant and childhood mortality was higher than earlier believed, 
and that thirty percent of London’s deaths were children under the 
age of four or five years old. The records also showed that lung re- 
lated deaths reached between twenty percent and twenty five per- 
cent of the total deaths. He recorded that, “Seasoned residents lived 
nearly as long in London as elsewhere, yet new-comers, and children.

HELLS KITCHEN 61 
do not, for the Smoaks, Stinks, and close Air are less healthful than 
that of the Country; otherwise why do sickly Persons remove to the 
Country Air?” 
In 1677 a smallpox outbreak wiped out 700 people in Massa- 
chusetts - twelve percent of the population. During the 1702 Massa- 
chusetts outbreak of smallpox, three children of Cotton Mather (the 
Puritan leader who had supported the burning of “witches” during 
the Salem witch hunts) were stricken with the disease - a few years 
latter he was introduced to the practice of smallpox “inoculation” by 
his black slave who had been vaccinated as a child in Africa. When 
he checked with other black slaves who had been brought to Boston 
from Africa, Mather learned that vaccinations were in fact a standard 
practice in Africa. 
Benjamin Franklin 
Benjamin Franklin was born on Sunday, January 17, 1706. Bos- 
ton was by then an incorporated town for 76 years. Boston was no 
longer a simple, isolated religious outpost - it was a bustling, grow- 
ing port city. Boston had more than 1,000 permanent houses, a 1,000 
seagoing ships registered at it’s port and 7,000 permanent residents - 
the population would double every twenty years. 
Even as a child, Franklin was a creative, yet practical inventor. 
One of his first inventions was a set of flippers for his hands and feet 
to improve his swimming speed. He made two oval palettes, with 
holes for his thumbs, and “I also fitted to the soles of my feet a kind 
of sandals.” 
Early in life Franklin became infatuated with kites. While flying 
his kites, Franklin would strip, wade into a pond or lake, floated on 
his back, and used the kite and wind power to pull him across the 
body of water. “Having engaged another boy to carry my clothes 
round the pond,” he recalled, “I began to cross the pond with my 
kite, which carried me quite over without the least fatigue and with 
the greatest pleasure imaginable.” 
Franklin was originally slated by his father to be a minister, and 
to that end he was sent to the Boston Latin School at the age of eight

62 
to prepare for entry into Harvard. Franklin did well at Harvard, mov- 
ing up from the middle of his class to the number one slot, which 
resulted in his being advanced to a higher grade level. Because 
Franklin’s father couldn’t sustain the tuition costs, Franklin was forced 
to drop out of school. 
Young Franklin was described as skeptical, puckish, curious and 
irreverent, “Dr. Franklin, when a child, found the long graces used 
by his father before and after meals very tedious,” his grandson stated. 
“One day after the winter’ provisions had been salted ‘I think, Fa- 
ther, said Benjamin, ‘if you were to say Grace over the whole cask - 
once for all - it would be a vast saving of time.’ “ 
At age ten, with only two years of schooling, Franklin went to 
work full time in his father’s candle and soap shop. It was not the 
most fun job that a ten year old kid could have; he spent his working 
hours skimming rendered tallow from boiling tubs of “stinking” fat; 
trimming wicks, adding wood ashes to the soap and filling candle 
molds was considered a mindless repetitive activity by young Franklin. 
His father took him on long walks to visit various tradesmen to find 
a trade or art that might better interest him. 
As it turned out, his knowledge of many crafts and skills allowed 
him to become a first rate tinker and inventor. Franklin, at age twelve, 
went on to sign on for nine years of indentured service as an appren- 
tice and to acquire the training and the experiences of a publisher, 
printer and newspaperman. 
Franklin was directed to produce poetry based on news stories, 
the stories were well received, to which Franklin wrote, “flattered my 
vanity.” Herman Melville would write that, “Franklin was everything 
but a poet.” 
Benjamin Franklin’s four year old son, Francis died of smallpox 
in 1736, causing him to become an advocate of vaccination for small- 
pox. 
The print industry was a natural course of life for Franklin, “From 
a child I was fond of reading,” he recalled, “and all the little money 
that came into my hands was ever laid out in books.” Books became 
the most important influence in his life. The love and respect of books 
was one of the common traits shared by the Puritanism of Mather.

HELVS KITCHEN 63 
and the Enlightenment of Locke, worlds that would blend in the 
character and personality of Benjamin Franklin. “Often I sat up in 
my room reading the greatest part of the night, when the book was 
borrowed in the evening and to be returned early in the morning, 
lest it should be missed or wanted,” admitted Franklin. 
Franklin ultimately became the most popular writer in Colonial 
America. His original pen name was Silence Dogwood - “a slightly 
prudish widowed woman from a rural area (written by an energetic 
unmarried Boston teenager who had never spent a night outside of 
Boston).” Franklin disguised his handwriting to fool his older brother, 
the publisher of the Courant, who published the first essay of Silence 
Dogwood on Monday, April 2, 1722. 
Franklin wrote and published fourteen Silence Dogwood essays 
between April and October 1722 - all were designed to promote so- 
cial improvements for the misfortunate, especially women. Further, 
in the summer of 1722, Franklin’s older brother James went to jail 
for criticizing the government on their failure to capture pirates, allow- 
ing him at age 16 to print and publish the paper himself for three 
issues - he boasted, “I had the management of the paper, and I made 
bold to give our rulers some rubs in it, which my brother took very 
kindly, while others began to consider me in an unfavorable light as 
a genius that had a turn for libeling and satire.” 
Mrs. Silence Dogwood quoted in full an essay from an English 
newspaper that defended free speech. “Without freedom of thought 
there can be no such thing as wisdom,” it declared, “and no such 
thing as public liberty without freedom of speech.” 
In January of 1723, when Franklin’ older brother James wrote, 
“Of all knaves, the religious knave is the worst” he added, “too much 
of it (religion) is worse than none at all,” James was immediately 
forbidden by the General Court to publish an issue of the Courant, 
without him first submitting each issue to the authorities for approval 
before publication. 
James continued his attacks, which resulted in the General Court 
forbidding James Franklin from further publishing the Courant. On 
Monday, February 11, 1723, there appeared on the Courant mast- 
head - “Printed and sold by Benjamin Franklin.”

64 
James returned to run the newspaper, and in a jealous rage beat 
Benjamin as he woulda truculent apprentice, rather than as a brother 
and fellow author. So, at the age of seventeen years of age, Franklin, 
on the afternoon of Wednesday, September 25, 1723, took a sailing 
ship heading for New York. Franklin, at seventeen years of age was 
almost six foot tall, slim, muscular and barrel-chested. 
While on his journey, Franklin met the only printer in New York, 
one William Bradford. Bradford suggested that Franklin go to Phila- 
delphia instead of New York and apply for a job with his son Andrew 
Bradford who ran the family print shop and weekly newspaper there. 
Philadelphia was the second largest village in America with a 
population of 2,000 people - only Boston was larger. Through a vari- 
ety of adventures Franklin befriended Sir William keith, the gover- 
nor of Pennsylvania. On a false promise of a letter of credit, Franklin 
went to London in November 1724 to buy equipment to set up a 
new print shop back in Philadelphia. 
Franklin found a job with Samuel Palmer's well respected Lon- 
don print shop. It was an exciting time in London with famous writ- 
ers such as Swift, Defoe, Pope, Richardson, Fielding and Chester- 
field. On July 1726 Franklin set sail on his return trip to Philadel- 
phia. 
Franklin became the first printer in America to manufacture type. 
One of the most frequently used contemporary typefaces, a sans- 
serif font dubbed FRANKLIN GOTHIC that is often used in newspa- 
per headlines, was named after Franklin in 1902. Franklin created a 
copperplate press to print paper money for the New Jersey assembly 
so beautifully ornate that the bills could not be counterfeited. 
In 1732, in Philadelphia, Franklin printed the first issue of his 
Poor Richard’s Almanac. Franklin used the pseudonym Richard 
Saunders - in his new almanac he used “pithy maxims” to enliven his 
meteorological forecasts. “Poor Richard” held that, “thrift and hard 
work led to wealth and virtue.” 
Franklin’ publishing business flourished, and his ability to com- 
pete with Philadelphia’ other printer, Andrew Bradford grew more 
aggressive. Through the early 1730s, they exposed each others er- 
rors and bickered over local and national political events. The high _

HELLS KITCHEN 65 
born Bradford, and his American Weekly Mercury newspaper, were 
followers and supporters of Pennsylvania’s “Proprietary faction,” which 
supported the Penn family and their appointed governors. The com- 
mon born Franklin and his Pennsylvania Gazette were vigorously an- 
tiestablishment and supported the rights of the elected Assembly. 
Their politics crossed purposes during the 1733 reelection cam- 
paign of the Assembly's speaker, Andrew Hamilton, an anti-Propri- 
etary leader who had aided Franklin’s bid to take a government print- 
ing job from Bradford. Franklin was fascinated by Hamilton’ anti- 
aristocratic populism. “He was no friend to power,” Franklin wrote. 
“He was the poor man’s friend.” 
Hamilton won the election and in 1736 he was able to get Franklin 
appointed to the post of clerk of the Assembly. Private profit and 
public service were combined. “The clerkship, Franklin agreed, “gave 
me a better opportunity of keeping up an interest among the mem- 
bers, which secured to me the business of printing the votes, laws, 
paper money, and other occasional jobs for the public, that, were on 
the whole, very profitable.” This experience also taught him the use- 
ful skill of winning over enemies. After one high-bred member spoke 
out against him, Franklin decided to hold him close (hold your friends 
close, and your enemies closer): 
“I did not, however, aim at gaining his favor by paying for any servile 
respect to him, but, after some time, took this other method. Having heard 
that he had in his library a certain very scarce and curious book, I wrote a 
note to him, expressing my desire of perusing that book, and requesting he 
would do me the favor of lending it to me for a few days. He sent it imme- 
diately, and I returned it in about a week with another note, expressing 
strongly my sense of the favor. When we next met in the House, he spoke to 
me (which he had never done before), and with great civility; and he ever 
after manifested a readiness to serve me on all occasions, so that we be- 
came great friends, and our friendship continued to his death. This is an- 
other instance of the truth of an old maxim I had learned which says, - He 
that has once done you a kindness will be more ready to do you another, 
than he whom you yourself have obliged.” 
Franklin was able to take away the Philadelphia postmaster job

66 a I i st ee ee eS 
from Bradford when Bradford was exposed for problems with his 
book keeping. The commission was given to Franklin in 1737. “I 
accepted it readily,” Franklin noted, “and found it of great advantage, 
for though the salary was small, it facilitated the correspondence that 
improved my newspaper, increased the number demanded, as well 
as the advertisements to be inserted, so that it came to afford me a 
very considerable income.” 
Between 1740 and 1744, Lord Anson’s (1697 - 1762) round-the- 
world expedition launched with great hope and 1955 men. Before 
the expedition ended, however, 320 died from fever and dysentery 
and 997 had died from scurvy by 1744. Scurvy, characterized by 
swollen, spongy, bleeding gums, large bruises, swollen joints, lassi- 
tude, heart failure and death was a significant danger for sea faring 
crews and passengers. 
Dr. James Lind (1716 - 1791), a Scottish naval surgeon, stead- 
fastly protested against poor shipboard accommodations, spoiled food 
and polluted water. In his written works, Treatise on the Scurvy (1753), 
Lind relied on his personal experience to reason that citrus fruits 
were effective antiscorbutics, supporting his hypothesis by the world’s 
first controlled nutritional clinical trial on board the HMS Salisbury 
Ht: 
“Twelve scurvy patients were chosen, Lind gave two of them a quart of 
cider; two received oil of vitriol; two were given vinegar; two sea water; 
two were given oranges and lemons; and two were given an electuary of 
garlic, radish, Peru balsam, and myrrh. The two given oranges and lem- 
ons were fit for duty in six days, and put to the task of nursing the others, 
who in fact remained sick.” 
Initially Lind did not look at scurvy as a deficiency disease, but 
rather he felt that scurvy was successfully treated with citrus as a 
plant medicine (an herbal medicine) the same way that malaria was 
treated with Jesuit’s bark. 
On February 16, 1741, after several business skirmishes with 
competitors Franklin published General Magazine, his first general 
interest magazine. In the 1700s the term magazine, referred to an .

HELVS KITCHEN’ 67 
eclectic collection of material abstracted from newspapers among other 
sources. Franklin’s version of a magazine was taken from the ten year 
old, Gentleman’s Magazine originating in London: official proclama- 
tions, reports on government proceedings, discussions of paper money 
issues, a few poems and a report on Whitefield’ orphanage. 
After courting several women and fathering an illegitimate child, 
Franklin and Deborah Read moved into a common law relationship. 
In 1743, Franklin proposed the formation of the American Philo- 
sophical Society, which was to be an American version of the Royal 
Society think tank of England. It would be housed in Philadelphia, 
and its members would include illustrious scientists and thinkers 
from other cities. 
The members would exchange their studies by post, and abstracts 
would be distributed to the members quarterly. The subjects to be 
investigated were to be practical rather than theoretical and included: 
“newly discovered plants, herbs, trees, roots, their virtues, uses, 
etc...improvements of vegetable juices, such as ciders, wines, etc.; 
new methods of curing or preventing diseases, ...1mprovements in 
any branch of mathematics... new arts, trades, and manufactures... 
surveys, maps and charts ...methods of improving the breeds of ani- 
mals ...and all philosophical experiments that let light into the na- 
ture of things.” 
By the spring of 1744, the society began meeting regularly; early 
members included Thomas Godfrey, a pedantic mathematician and 
Cadwallader Colden, a scholar and an official from New York, who 
became a life long friend and Franklin supporter. 
In 1747 Franklin proposed a volunteer military force that would 
be independent of Pennsylvania’s colonial government - the Penn- 
sylvania Militia was born. 
In 1747 after the King George’s War (1744 - 1748), Europe's War 
of Austrian Succession and the War of Jenkin’s Ear and the French 
and Indian War in Canada (Franklin’s 16 year old son William 
marched off to fight in this war), Franklin wrote a motivating pam- 
phlet, “Plain Truth,” signed simply “a Tradesman of Philadelphia.” 
Franklin’s depiction of what might happen if Philadelphia was in- 
vaded and sacked by French or Spanish privateers:

68 
“On the first alarm, terror will spread over all... The man that has a 
wife and children will find them hanging on his neck, beseeching him with 
tears to quit the city....Sacking the city will be the first, and burning it, in 
all probability, the last act of the enemy.....Confined to your houses, you 
will have nothing to trust but the enemy’s mercy....Who can, without the 
utmost horror, conceive the miseries of the latter when your persons, for- 
tunes, wives and daughters shall be subject to the wanton and unbridled 
rage, rapine and lust.” 
So, who would save the colony? Franklin called on the new 
“middle class!” “We, the middling people,” he crowed, “The trades- 
men, shopkeepers and farmers of this province and city.” He went on 
to say, “At present we are like separate filaments of flax before the 
thread is formed, without strength because without connection, But 
Union would make us strong.” 
“The pamphlet had a sudden and surprising effect,” Franklin 
wrote. Soon 10,000 men from all over Pennsylvania signed the char- 
ter and formed more than 100 militia companies. Franklin further 
organized a lottery to raise 3,000 British pounds sterling to furnish 
the Militia Association with cannons and equipment. Franklin soon 
led a delegation to New York to urge Governor George Clinton to 
approve the sale: 
“He at first refused us peremptorily; but at dinner with his council, 
when there was great drinking of Madeira wine, as the custom of that 
place then was, he softened by degrees, and said he would lend us six. After 
a few more bumpers he advanced to ten; and at length he very good- 
naturedly conceded eighteen. They were fine cannon, eighteen-pounders, 
with their carriages, which we soon transported and mounted on our bat- 
tery.” 
Franklin, didn’t realize it, but his charter of the Militia Associa- 
tion, in its spirit as well as wording, conceived and preceded the 
Declaration of Independence three decades later: 
“Being thus unprotected by the government under which we live, we do -

HELLS KITCHEN 69 
hereby, for our mutual defense and security, and for the security of our 
wives, children and estates....form ourselves into an Association.” 
Franklin’ print shop grew into a “highly successful, vertically 
integrated media conglomerate.” He boasted a printing press, pub- 
lishing house, newspaper, an almanac series and partial control of 
the postal system. The highly successful books he published included 
Bibles and psalters to Samuel Richardson's novel Pamela (Franklin’s 
1744 reprint of Pamela was the first novel published in America). 
Franklin created a series of profitable partnerships and franchises 
from Newport and New York to Charleston and Antigua - the net- 
work of enterprises provided Franklin a passive stream of income - 
and he invested wisely. 
In 1748, at age forty two, Franklin retired and sold his printing 
business to David Hall, his trusted foreman; the agreement provided 
him with half the businesses profits for eighteen years, which 
amounted to 650 British pounds per year (the average income at the 
time was 25 pounds per year). Now he would have “leisure to read, 
study, make experiments, and converse at large with such ingenious 
and worthy men as are pleased to honor me with their friendship.” 
Franklin gave up his print shop to focus and engage his energies 
on science, then politics, then diplomacy and statecraft. As Poor Ri- 
chard declared in his almanac that year, “Lost time is never found 
again.” His intellectual curiosity and infatuation with the orderliness 
of the greater universe drew him to science. His scientific interests 
would continue through his whole life, including research into the 
Gulf Stream, meteorology, the earth’s magnetism, electricity, heating 
and refrigeration systems. 
Franklin didn’t have any formal academic training in science or 
math to be considered a great theorist of the likes of Einstein; his 
interests of what he fondly called his “scientific amusements” caused 
some contemporaries to dismiss him as a mere tinker. However, even 
during his life he was held up as the most famous scientist alive - as 
Harvard professor, Dudley Herschbach stated, “His work on electric- 
ity was recognized as ushering in a scientific revolution comparable 
to those written by Newton in the previous century or Watson and

70 
Crick in ours.” 
An example of Franklin’ practical application of science was his 
1740s invention of an iron wood-burning stove that could be built 
into fireplaces to maximize heat output into the house while at the 
same time minimizing, fuel requirements, smoke and drafts - using 
his understanding of convection currents and heat transfer, he pro- 
duced an original and unique stove design. The resulting wood ash 
byproduct of minerals were still being mixed with food as “culinary” 
minerals, with table salt and mixed into the soil and/or compost of 
the garden. 
The stove was designed to allow the heat and smoke from the 
wood fire to rise up and warm an iron plate on the top. In 1744, he 
contracted a contemporary to construct the new stove and two of his 
brothers and several friends to market the stove throughout the north- 
east. 
The new “Pennsylvania Fireplaces,” as Franklin called them, were 
initially popular at a price of 5 British pounds. One testimony letter 
in the Boston Evening Post stated, “They (the stove) ought to be 
called, both in justice and gratitude, Mr. Franklin’s stoves.” The let- 
ter writer went on to say, “I believe all who have experienced the 
comfort and benefit of them will join with me that the author of this 
happy invention merits a statue.” 
During a visit to Boston in the summer of 1743, Franklin and 
others were entertained one evening by a traveling scientific show- 
man from Scotland called Dr. Archibald Spencer. Spencer featured 
amazing demonstrations of science that were designed to amuse the 
host's guests. He revealed Newton's theories of light and exhibited a 
device that measured blood flow - both were interests of Franklin's. 
Dr. Spencer performed electricity tricks, such as creating static 
electricity by rubbing a glass tube and drawing sparks from the feet 
of a boy hanging by silk cords from the ceiling. “Being on a subject 
quite new to me,” Franklin recalled, “They equally surprised and 
pleased me.” 
A 100 years earlier, Galileo and Newton had explained and 
demystified gravity, however, another awesome force of the universe 
electricity, was no more understood than it had been by the prehis-

HELLS KITCHEN 71 
toric people who had tamed fire. There were individuals, like Dr. 
Spencer, who used the wonders of electricity as a parlor trick to en- 
tertain admiring audiences; however, no one had as yet put the power 
of electricity to the task of real work. 
The Abbe’ Nollet, court scientist to Frances King Louis XV, con- 
nected 180 soldiers and then 700 monks and “made them jump as if 
one for the court's entertainment by sending a pulse of static electric- 
ity through them.” Franklin, however, was the ideal person to con- 
vert electricity from the status of a simple parlor trick into a func- 
tional, practical and working science. 
Franklin’ initial experiments involved collecting an electric charge 
and then studying its various properties. He employed his friends to 
draw charges from a spinning glass tube and touch each other to see 
if sparks flew. These early experiments resulted in the discovery that 
electricity was “not created by the friction of rubbing the tube, but 
collected only.” 
Many of Franklin’ originally coined terms such as battery, charged, 
neutral, condense, and conductor are still used today in the fields of 
electricity and the greater subject of energy. “He has written equally 
for the uninitiated as well as the philosopher,” the 19th century En- 
glish chemist Sir Humphry Davy noted, “and he has rendered his 
details as amusing as well as perspicuous.” 
Franklin’s discovery that the creation of a positive charge was 
accompanied by the generation of an equal negative charge became 
known as the “conservation of charge” and the “single-fluid theory” 
of electricity. The concepts were easily formulated in Franklin's “book 
keeper” mind. His observations were a scientific breakthrough and 
discovery of historic greatness - “As a broad generalization that has 
withstood the test of 200 years of fruitful application,” Harvard pro- 
fessor I. Bernard Cohen declared, “Franklin’s law of conservation of 
charge must be considered to be of the same fundamental impor- 
tance to physical science as Newton's law of conservation of momen- 
tum.” 
Franklin also discovered a basic feature of electrical charges, “the 
wonderful effects of points” - that shortly would produce his most 
famous practical application. He electrified a small iron ball and

72 eS ee ee ee eee 
dangled a cork next to it, which was repelled to a degree based on 
the size of the ball’s charge. When he brought the tip of a pointed 
piece of metal near the ball, it drew away the charge. By contrast, a 
blunt piece of metal did not draw a charge or spark as easily, and if it 
was insulated instead of grounded, it failed to draw a charge. 
Franklin continued his electricity experiments by collecting and 
storing electricity in an early capacitor called a Leyden jar (named 
after the Dutch town it was discovered in). These jars had a metal foil 
sleeve on the outside; on the inside of the glass jar, separated from 
the foil by the glass insulation, was lead or water or metal that could 
be charged up through a wire. Franklin demonstrated that when the 
inside of the jar was charged, the outside foil had an equal but oppo- 
site charge. He also correctly determined that the electrical charge in 
the Leyden jar was stored in the glass itself. 
In a practical progression of his electrical storage experiments, 
Franklin lined up a series of parallel glass plates separated by metal - 
charged them up, wired them together, and discovered a new electri- 
cal device - “what we called an electrical battery.” 
Franklin was able to use the electrical battery to turn the iron 
fence surrounding his house into the first electrified security fence; 
he created an electrical toy spider that would hop like a live one; he 
electrocuted turkeys with his electrical battery for the entertainment 
of his guests before the birds were roasted for dinner with electricity, 
thus inventing the first electrical execution and cooking devices. 
Franklin commented by letter to a friend that at one of his par- 
ties, “A turkey is to be killed for our dinners by the electrical shock; 
and roasted by the electrical jack, before a fire kindled by the electri- 
fied bottle; while the health’s of all the famous electricians in En- 
gland, France and Germany are to be drank in electrified bumpers, 
under the discharge of guns from the electrical battery.” “The birds 
killed in this manner eat uncommonly tender,” he wrote, thus he 
became a cooking pioneer of electrically roasted turkeys! 
This early Franklin experiment, in which he killed and cooked 
turkeys with electrical devices, was perhaps the very first close 
_ call humanity had with a possible epidemic of obesity, type II 
diabetes and the Metabolic Syndrome, for there were no wood .

HELLS KITCHEN 73 
ash byproducts resulting from this form of cooking! No wood 
ashes to consume with salt, no culinary ashes - no minerals to 
put in the garden! 
Franklin kept a log of his electrical experiments - he noted in 
November 1749, that there were twelve similar properties in electri- 
cal sparks and lightening, including: 
1. Producing light. 
2. Color of the light. 
3. Crooked discharge directions. 
4. Swift motion. 
5. Being conducted by metals. 
6. Crack or noise in exploding. 
9. Destroying animals. 
10. Sulpherous smell. 
He made a mental connection between this surmise about light- 
ening and his earlier experiments on the efficiency of pointed metal 
objects to draw off electrical charges - “Electrical fluid is attracted by 
points. We do not know whether this property is in lightening. But 
since they agree in all particulars wherein we can already compare 
them, is it not probable they agree likewise in this?” He was so en- 
thused by this prospect, he added - “Let the experiment be made.” 
For millennia, lightening was universally considered to be a su- 
pernatural phenomenon or an expression of God's wrath. During 
one thirty five year time line in Germany alone (1700s), “386 churches 
were struck by lightening and an excess of 100 bell ringers were 
killed by heavenly bolts. In Venice, 3,000 people were killed when 
tons of gunpowder stored in a church was struck.” 
Franklin noted that, “The lightening seems to strike steeples of 
choice and at the very time the bells are ringing; yet they continue to 
bless the new bells and jangle the old ones whenever it thunders. 
One would think it was now time to try some other trick.” He con- 
cluded that the “water vapors in a cloud can be electrically charged 
and when these electrically charged clouds pass over high tree, lofty 
towers, spires, masts of ships ... draw the electrical fire and the whole

74 oe ee 
cloud discharges.” His proposal led to some practical advice - “Dan- 
gerous therefore it is to take shelter under a tree during a thunder 
gust.” 
Before he even tried his lightening experiments himself he de- 
tailed his thoughts in two famous letters to Collinson in 1750, which 
were presented to the Royal Society in London and then widely pub- 
lished. The basic concept was to use a tall metal rod to draw some of 
the electrical charge from a cloud, just as he had used a needle to 
draw off the charge of an iron ball in his workshop. In his letter he 
listed specific details: 
“On the top of some high tower or steeple, place a kind of sentry box 
big enough to contain a man and an electrical stand. From the middle of 
the stand, let an iron rod rise....upright twenty to thirty feet, pointed very 
sharp at the end. If the electrical stand be kept clean and dry, a man stand- 
ing on it when such clouds are passing low might be electrified and afford 
sparks, the rod drawing fire to him from the cloud. If any danger to the 
man be apprehended (though I think there would be none) let him stand on 
the floor of his box, and now and then bring near to the rod the loop of a 
wire that had one fastened to the leads; he holding it by a wax handle (.e. 
- insulating him from it). So the sparks, if the rod is electrified, will strike 
from the rod to the wire and not affect him.” 
Franklin’s letters were abstracted in London by The Gentleman’s 
Magazine in 1750 and then published as an eighty six page booklet 
the following year; his letters were translated into French in early 
1752 and quickly became a local public and international sensation. 
Earlier, King Louis XV of France commissioned Comte de Buffon 
and Thomas-Francois D’Alibard to perform Franklin’s proposed ex- 
periment and construct a sentry box with a forty foot iron rod. On 
May 10, 1752, just after 2:00 p.m. a storm cloud passed over the 
village of Marly on the northern suburbs of Paris, a retired soldier, 
drafted to perform the experiment drew sparks as Franklin had pre- 
dicted. An enthusiastic prior grabbed the insulated wire and repeated 
the experiment six times! 
Franklin correctly surmised that “lightning rods” could render |

HELLS KITCHEN 75 
safe one of the greatest natural dangers faced by humans. “Houses, 
ships and even towns and churches may be effectually secured from 
the stroke of lightening by their means,” he predicted. 
Franklin had been waiting for the steeple of Philadelphia’s Christ 
Church to be finished; impatient, he developed the idea of using 
instead a kite. To that end he enlisted the efforts of his son William to 
help fly the silk kite. A sharp wire was attached to the top of the kite, 
and a key was attached near the base of the wet string, so that a wire 
could be brought near it in an effort to draw sparks. 
Initially Clouds passed over to no effect. Franklin almost fell into 
despair until he saw several of the strands of the string straighten out 
and stiffen. He put his knuckle to the key and drew an electrical 
spark. 
Franklin was literally moments away from discovering a com- 
mercially viable source of clean household energy - electrical appli- 
ances and the end of the ash byproduct of cooking and heating fires! 
However, the onset of the American Revolution and the birth of a 
nation siphoned off his creative juices and energies. 
It would take an additional 150 years before Edison’s work pro- 
duced the practical generation of electrical power and the flurry of 
invention of patented electrical appliances that would replace wood 
fueled heating and cooking fires and eliminate once and for all the 
health and life supporting kitchen and heating byproduct of wood 
ash - minerals.

76

Chapter 6 
“With all things being equal, the simplest explanation is normally 
the right one.” 
- Hakim’s Razor 
The Fuel Revolution 
After having tamed fire 1,500,000 years earlier, humans had cre- 
ated many unique ways to use the power of fire to change natural 
materials into everything from metals, pottery, bricks, and glass, to 
salt, soap, and ale. However, in all those hectic and creative millen- 
nia of baking and boiling, melting and smelting, it didn’t quickly 
come to them that fire held another power - the power of movement 
and motion. 
For the average human, the back-breaking work of transporting 
loads from one farm to another, or from one market to another was 
performed only with the power of muscle, water, or wind. This fact 
of work powered only by humans, animals, water or wind limited 
the production and growth that a culture could expect to accomplish 
in each century. There was only so much mechanical lifting, turning 
and pulling that humans and animals could do and only so many 
hours in the day. 
In the 1700s, a machine was invented that allowed humans to 
grow beyond the historical constraints and limits by turning “solar 
income” fuels into enormous amounts of mechanical torque, lift and 
forward motion! The invention was the steam engine and the fuel 
was coal. The steam engine would soon become the center of the 
industrial revolution, causing it to be called, “The most important

(0 2a 
invention in the creation of the modern world.” 
Coal, “motivated” the steam engine and its inventors, who were 
searching for a solution to the problem of coal mine flooding as the 
mine shafts were driven below the water table - because wood had 
become scarce, coal had become a necessity of life and the problem 
of flooding had to be solved. 
In addition to the threat of mine gasses, miners had to worry 
about water. Rainwater poured into the tunnels, when the depth of 
the mines fell below the water tables, ground water seeped into the 
shafts and more frequently than not unearthed underground streams 
and springs quickly filled the shafts. 
Sudden mine floods occurred when diggers broke through their 
shaft into an adjacent abandoned mine that had filled with water. 
The results were catastrophic, drowning the miners immediately, or 
worse trapping them in the mine until they slowly died of oxygen 
deprivation or starved to death. 
To keep the mines dry, operators employed gravity by digging 
tunnels or “watergates” from the valleys up into the mine; others 
used various means of power including wind mills, windlass, chain 
of buckets and simple buckets carried on the backs of diggers. The 
greatest amounts of water in the largest mines was raised by horse 
power, however, the cost of maintaining fifty to sixty horses and their 
teamsters was too burdensome for even the largest of mines. 
By 1700, coal production was ten times greater than it had been 
in 1550. England was now mining five times more coal than all other 
nations combined, she was now totally dependent on coal as a fuel 
for home use and powering industry. Even if England optimized her 
wood fuel production from her forests, ceased the use of wood for 
building and manufacturing, the forests could no longer replace the 
dependency on coal - wood fuels were once and for all gone in En- 
gland. 
The flooding of the mines remained a threat to England’s very 
existence as a world power - as a result, in 1660 Charles II created 
the Royal Society; an independent group commissioned to study and 
promote the theory and application of science. 
The original members were the great philosophers, thinkers and |

HELVS KITCHEN 79 
scientists of the day, including Sir Issac Newton, Gottfried Leibnitz, 
Christopher Wren, Samuel Pepys, John Evelyn, and Robert Boyle - 
“Religion, nationality, profession - all were subordinated to this ulti- 
mate aim of technical mastery, subordinated to a degree perhaps never 
before found in history.” 
One of the more important concerns of the illustrious group was 
coal, yet coal was still a mystery to them. In the 17th century, people 
still believed that coal was a living organism and still alive. The Royal 
Society members, although initially confused about the origin of coal, 
they agreed for certain to one thing - England’s coal supply was threat- 
ened by mine flooding. They focused all of their attention on pump- 
ing technology, and on atmospheric pressure. 
Scientists had only recently begun to appreciate that the atmo- 
sphere had weight and volume and it fills vacuums with a powerful 
force. They learned and appreciated the fact that the force of air op- 
posing a vacuum could be put to work, however, producing and 
controlling the vacuum was problematic. 
Denis Papin, a French Huguenot living in England, found the 
solution - steam! Papin had previously proven his knowledge of steam 
by demonstrating to the members of the Royal Society his steam pres- 
sure cooker which he named the “Digester” or Engine for softening 
bone so they could be completely eaten. 
Between 1690 and 1695, Papin invented a small contraption con- 
sisting of a moveable piston within a brass cylinder. When he heated 
water that filled one end of the cylinder, the resulting steam vigor- 
ously drove the piston upward. When he removed the flame, the 
steam condensed and produced a vacuum - the piston was then vig- 
orously pushed back toward the vacuum by the outside atmospheric 
pressure. 
Papin didn’t believe his first steam piston could be built large 
enough to be of practical use. The inventor who actually put the 
steam piston to work, was not a member of the Royal Society or 
London’ scientific elite, rather it was Thomas Newcomen, a simple 
ironmonger or “tinker” from a small rural town. 
The members of the Royal Society tried to downplay the impor- 
tance of Newcomen’ steam engine, leading many historians to be-

80 
lieve that Newcomen’s lack of credentials was the problem. One his- 
torian went on to say, “to the small scientific world of London, whose 
center was the Royal Society, it seemed inconceivable that such a 
man could excel the brightest intellects of the day in the power of 
invention.” 
Newcomen’s steam driven device was similar to the Papin piston, 
however, it was much larger and sported a separate boiler in which 
to generate the steam. After the steam was let into the bottom of the 
cylinder, cold water was added to condense the steam; the resulting 
vacuum forced the piston in a downward stroke. As the piston moved 
up and down, it rocked an overhead beam. The opposite end of the 
beam moved the rod of a vacuum pump in a similar fashion to those 
driven by horse power. 
The first practical Newcomen steam engine was “quietly and with- 
out ceremony” installed at a coal mine in 1712. The engine was called 
a “fire engine,” and the men who fed coal into the engine’s boiler and 
keep the engine’ fire alive were called “firemen.” 
Newcomen’s steam engine was an immediate success and much 
revered by mine operators - one engine did the work of pumping 
more efficiently and more economically than fifty horses! Those his- 
torians who know Newcomen’ story, write of him and his work with 
an almost religious reverence, calling his steam engine, “the most 
wonderful invention which human ingenuity had yet produced,” and 
credited him with giving “to the whole world.... The art of convert- 
ing fuel into useful power for the benefit and convenience of human- 
ity.” 
In 1761 an English publisher printed an indispensable book for 
the American homemaker - The Colonial Housewife; or, Accomplished 
Gentlewomen’s Companion, which features “every article which can 
add to the knowledge of the housewife.” The Companion offered the 
housewife more than 700 recipes, including such New World dishes 
as West Indian turtle and roast turkey, along with selected recipes 
from France, the Netherlands, Spain and Italy. The author also in- 
cluded 300 home remedies for ailments that range from cancer to 
dropsy. 
By the 1760s, hundreds of Newcomen engines (because they used .

HELLS KITCHEN 81 
atmospheric pressure rather than steam pressure were often called 
atmospheric engines) were pumping water from mine shafts through- 
out England and Scotland; some of Newcomen’ engines were built 
to gigantic proportions for the day, reaching cylinder diameters of 
more than six feet and lengths of ten feet. 
Initially the engine was used only by coal mine operators be- 
cause it was a fuel hog, and coal was for all practical purposes free at 
the mouth of the shaft. 
In 1736, James Watt, the son of a Scottish carpenter was born. 
He was the only one of five children born to his parents to survive to 
manhood; however, he was very frail and suffered from continuous 
migraines that kept him in bed for weeks at a time. According to a 
19th century biographer, Watt's fragile health left him with “an al- 
most feminine delicacy and sensitiveness, which made him shrink 
from the rough play of robust children”; as a result, he was home 
schooled during his early years, he spent his time playing with his 
father’s carpentry tools and intently watching steam pouring from 
tea kettles. 
Watt excelled in math and studied the art of constructing math- 
ematical instruments. It was as an instrument maker, only twenty 
years old, that he was asked to fix a small model of a Newcomen 
engine that had been reverently kept at Glasgow University. 
The Newcomen model, like the full sized engine, was extremely 
wasteful, requiring enormous amounts of coal to keep it going. Watt 
observed that as steam was injected into the system and then cooled 
with water, heat was wasted in the cyclical process of reheating and 
cooling the cylinder. Watt revolutionized the Newcomen steam en- 
gine by installing a separate condenser; the cylinder would be at- 
tached to another container that was surrounded with cool water, 
after the cylinder filled with steam, the steam passed into the cooler 
container where it condensed. In this way, the cylinder itself would 
always remain hot and ready for the next injection of steam! 
According to Dr. Joseph Black, a good friend of Watts, “this capi- 
tal improvement flashed upon his mind at once, and filled him with 
rapture.” 
Watt, after suffering many challenges (“of all things in life, there

82 
is nothing more foolish than inventing”), eventually found the per- 
fect partner, the Birmingham industrialist Mathew Boulton, and one 
of the most successful partnerships in history was started. 
Boulton was a manufacturer and an industrial visionary. Together, 
Boulton and Watt formed the Lunar Society - members included Jo- 
seph Priestly, the scientist who discovered oxygen, sulfur dioxide, 
and carbon monoxide; Joseph Wedgewood, the pottery giant; and 
Erasmus Darwin, inventor, poet and grandfather of Charles Darwin. 
Boulton built his financial empire with buckles, rather than coal, 
iron or textiles. He employed 1,000 workers in his Soho manufac- 
tory, where they made precision crafted goods, with a range from 
buckles, buttons and filigree to classic scientific instruments includ- 
ing clocks, thermometers and telescopes. Boulton’s manufactory be- 
came so famous that it drew tourists, including Catherine the Great. 
Boulton had a serious interest in steam engines because the wa- 
ter wheels that powered the Soho facility could not be depended 
upon for a continuous source of power. He had unsuccessfully tried 
his hand at inventing and designing steam engines, he even exchanged 
letters on the subject of engine design with his good friend Benjamin 
Franklin. 
In 1773 Watt moved to Birmingham and began working on im- 
provements on his steam engine at Soho. Boulton provided skilled 
artisans, financial backing and best of all emotional encouragement 
to Watt. 
The all important cylinder was produced by John Wilkinson, the 
pioneering iron founder. In 1776, while the American Revolution 
was in full swing, James Watt installed his first two engines, one to 
pump water out of a mine shaft and the other to inflate the bellows 
in Wilkinson's iron foundry. 
While Watt improved the steam engine in many ways, his finest 
moment was in getting the Newcomen engine to extract four times 
the work force or horsepower out of a lump of coal. The steam engine’s 
new fuel efficiency moved it out from the darkness of the coal mine 
and into the business world to find a home in the world’s factories. 
The first civilized vaccination was performed in 1796 by Dr. Ed- 
ward Jenner, an English physician. He noted that milkmaids who |

HELLS KITCHEN’ 83 
had contracted the mild disease cowpox never contracted smallpox; 
Jenner removed some material from a milkmaid’ cowpox pustule 
and scratched it into the skin of an eight year old boy. The boy soon 
developed cowpox. Sometime later, Jenner injected the boy with the 
smallpox virus and he failed to contract the disease. During the late 
19th century, research by the French chemist, Louis Pasteur and the 
German bacteriologist Robert Koch produced many new vaccines 
including those designed for anthrax, rabies and tetanus. 
England's coal industry had become relatively large by the 1700s 
just to meet the domestic and non iron industrial requirements of 
the nation; it would expand again tenfold by 1830; and double again 
by 1854. Between 1842 and 1856 the number of English coal mines 
quadrupled again. 
The steam driven industrial revolution’s impact on human en- 
deavor has been compared to the discovery of fire, the invention of 
the wheel, and to the tasting of the apple from the Tree of Knowl- 
edge. 
Not until the 1800s would it be scientifically established, and 
commonly accepted, that coal itself, not only the plant fossils held 
within, was plant material and prehistoric. 
By 1790, “potash fever” hit the young American country, trees 
were burned by the thousands for the ash which was exported to 
Great Britain for fertilizer. The first U.S. Patent Number 1, was for 
“the production and use of wood ash as fertilizer.” 
On April 17, 1790, Benjamin Franklin died at the age of 84. In 
the largest public gathering ever seen in the United States, 20,000 
people attended Franklin’s funeral. By August a national census re- 
vealed there were 3,929,625 Americans living in the United States. 
The census tally showed a vast population growth since the early 
colonial days, when a 1726 census showed a population of only 
32,442 people in New Jersey compared with 200,000 in 1790. New 
Hampshire had a population of 52,700 in 1767 compared with 
200,000 in 1790. 
The census revealed that the United States was made up of many 
ethnic groups. The largest was British, followed by 400,000 Irish. 
There were 260,000 Scottish and 2,000 Jews. Some ethnic groups

84 ee 
were concentrated in particular areas; a third of Pennsylvanians were 
of German decent and New York had 80,000 people of Dutch de- 
cent: 19,000 Swedes and 9,000 French Canadians are scattered 
throughout several states. 
In the mid-1800s Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote this about coal: 
“Every basket is power and civilization. For coal is a portable climate. 
It carries the heat of the tropics to Labrador and the polar circle; and it is 
the means of transporting itself whithersoever it is wanted. Watt and 
Stephenson whispered in the ear of mankind their secret, that a half-ounce 
of coal will draw two tons a mile, and coal carries coal, by rail and by 
boat, to make Canada as warm as Calcutta; and with its comfort brings its 
industrial power.” 
In 1822, Dr. William Beaumont, a U.S. Army surgeon stationed 
at Fort Mackinac on Lake Erie, was called to a remote trading post on 
the Canadian border to treat Alexis St. Martin, a nineteen year old 
trapper who had been the victim of a shotgun wound to the abdo- 
men. He recovered, however he was left with a permanent abdomi- 
nal fistula or tunnel connected into his stomach from the outside (it 
had to be plugged during meals to keep the food from extruding to 
the outside): 
“On August 1, 1825, at 12 o'clock, I introduced through the perfora- 
tion, into the stomach, the following articles of diet, suspended with a silk 
string, so as to pass in without pain: viz. a piece of high seasoned a’ la 
mode beef; a piece of raw, salted fat pork; a piece of raw, salted, lean beef; 
a piece of boiled salted beef; a piece of stale bread; and a bunch of raw, 
sliced cabbage.” 
The cabbage and bread were digested first, then the pork and 
boiled beef; the boeuf a’ la mode took the longest. Beaumont’ stud- 
ies revealed that the digestive processes worked, not by fermentation 
as it was commonly believed, but rather by stomach juices (acid) 
dissolving the food. 
Coal was not just another simple fuel, and “no mere article of

HELLS KITCHEN’ 85 
commerce.” Coal represented man’s victory over the elements of na- 
ture - it became the foundation of civilization itself: 
“With Coal, we have light, strength, power, wealth and civilization; 
without Coal we have darkness, weakness, poverty, and barbarism.” 
For centuries, Britain led the world in coal production, and as a 
result, the industrial revolution started there; Britain became the most 
powerful country on the planet, it created an industrial society, one 
that no one could have imagined - the genie was out of the bottle! 
In the United States, coal transformed an empty wilderness into 
an industrial superpower at warp speed. Without coal we would have 
wallowed longer in the poverty, backbreaking hand labor and the 
ignorance of the pre-industrial world; however, we might have dis- 
covered a more graceful, a more gentle, and a more friendly path to 
modernization, than the one we eventually took. 
Michael Faraday, the scientist acclaimed by all the world, had 
little formal education and had taught himself everything. Since the 
1820s his had been a career of “marvelous discoveries in many dif- 
ferent fields, that of induced electricity appearing as the most re- 
markable of all.” 
“With his horseshoe magnet and disc rotating between it’ poles, 
Faraday, had demonstrated before the Royal Society in 1831 (some 
41 years after Franklin’s death), how mechanical energy could be 
converted into electrical energy - thus presenting to the world, the 
first miniature model of the dynamo (generator. )” 
Faraday published a two volume collection of his experiments 
and theories called, Experimental Researches in Electricity - Thomas 
Edison, as a young boy devoured Faraday’s written works on elec- 
tricity and formed his views on electricity based on the work of 
Franklin and Faraday. 
Faraday’s “dynamo” seemed to provide the answer to the prob- 
lem of a cheap supply of electric current. This early dynamo, pow- 
ered by steam engines, was gradually improved over time by many 
inventers and tinkers - by the 1860s lighthouses along England coast 
were lit by giant arc lights.

86 
In 1876, at the Philadelphia Exposition, Moses G. Farmer exhib- 
ited three arc lights powered by his privately built dynamo. In 1877 
a newspaper reported that Paul Jablochkoff, a former Russian officer 
of engineers had invented “electric candles” which were introduced 
as street lamps in Paris. 
Coal, steam and electricity now had a toe hold in the daily life of 
human culture - it was clear that wood as a fuel for the hearth and 
industry was no longer viable because the maximum rate of re-growth 
of trees could no longer keep up with the growing demand for fuel 
and power. 
Unfortunately at this point, territorial expansion, financial em- 
pires, industrial growth and mass transportation (i.e. - roads, canals, 
railroad, transoceanic ships, etc.) were the driving force in all indus- 
trialized nations - the race was on! As a result of the excitement gen- 
erated by new sources of power and business growth, no one paid 
any attention to the human price that would be paid over the hori- 
zon of time. 
The source of the seemingly endless flow of wood ashes (mineral 
nutrition) that had supported human development in the fields of 
intellect, art, industry, health, longevity and science had begun to be 
pinched off - we had moved from wood to coal as the common fuel, 
we had moved from wind, water and muscle power to steam and 
electricity to run our machines, farms and industries in almost a single 
breath.

HELV’S KITCHEN 87 OOOO MEL’ KITCHEN 87

88

Chapter 7 
“Genius is ninety nine-percent perspiration and one percent inspiration.” 
-Thomas Edison 
Hell’s Fork 
The chemical fertilizer industry began with Justus von Liebig, 
the German chemist, who in 1840 established the beginnings of the 
farm chemical mega-industry. Liebig gained the support of scientists 
of the day and the “practical” farmer looking for quick yields. Liebig 
burned various food crops in the laboratory and analyzed the result- 
ing ash, and he found that the minerals phosphorus and potassium 
were common to all. Liebig created the first NPK or nitrogen, phos- 
phorus and potassium fertilizer - this was the beginning of the NPK 
school of thought in agriculture. 
The new commercial chemical fertilizers were initially used by 
the larger commercial farms of Europe, however, in the 1800s, eighty 
five to ninety percent of all food was still produced by family oper- 
ated subsistence farms and wood ashes from cooking and heating 
fires and animal manure were still the principle source of garden and 
field fertilizers - the general population of the world had not been 
divested of their historical source of minerals just yet. 
Thomas Edison 
The 1830s and 1840s ushered in the “Canal Craze” and the Erie 
Canal carried pioneer families and great quantities of goods into the 
middle of America. Villages, towns and cities bankrupted themselves

90 
to attract the builders of canals that gave the fledgling nation a mass 
transit and heavy freight system. 
In 1847, Thomas Alva Edison was born in Milan, Ohio. Driven 
by the industries supported by the Erie Canal, Milan was a boom 
town. Six hundred wagons arrived each day from a 150 mile radius, 
filling twenty barges with 35,000 bushels of wheat! Fourteen grain 
elevators lined the basin - almost all roofed with shingles manufac- 
tured by Sam Edison, “Little Als” father. 
By the age of eight, “Little Al” was described by one of his teach- 
ers as a little “addled.” Edison recalled, “I was always at the foot of 
the class, I used to feel that the teachers did not sympathize with 
me.” 
Edison missed years of school as a result of chronic upper respi- 
ratory infections, one of which left him with significantly damaged 
hearing (there are many stories on how Edison lost his hearing in- 
cluding being boxed on the ears and having been pulled on a moy- 
ing train by his ears). He was the kind of person who learned by 
actual hands on experience rather than rote learning - perhaps he 
was a victim of ADD. 
One of Al's daily household chores as a small boy was carrying 
the wood ashes produced by the cooking and heating fires to the 
outside and he then put them into the garden - the common kitchen 
chore of the day. 
America, by 1851, had progressed, in the words of Walt Whitman, 
to “a nation of which the steam engine is no bad symbol.” To the 
American people, still in the pioneering stage of the “New World,” - 
“every new method which leads by a shorter road to material com- 
fort, every machine which spares labor and diminishes the cost of 
production....seems the grandest effort of the human intellect.” 
In 1851, the typical American pioneering characteristic included 
ingenuity and the manual skills necessary to produce food in the 
rocky farm land of New England. Subsistence farming in Massachu- 
setts and Connecticut turned to a variety of cottage industries to pro- 
duce additional income streams. 
Americans produced good glass products, pottery and kitchen 
utensils of copper and iron. Shipyards flourished, the art of naviga-

HELLS KITCHEN 91 
tion was advanced, the textile industry grew, gun makers and clock 
makers where amongst the respected trades and tradesmen. 
The American farm boy (the “whittling boy”) such as John Fitch 
and Eli Whitney, constantly dreamed thoughts of tools, machines 
and practical appliances, were free to leave behind the intellectual 
and creative shackles of European restrictions and old ways and try 
new methods of farming, tool making and business in general. This 
pioneering environment engendered the appearance of the “Yankee 
inventor.” 
“Even though their means and (scientific) knowledge were lim- 
ited, and troubles beset them at every step....(they) founded most of 
our important industries.” According to E. L. Bogart, an economic 
historian, “invention became a national habit.” 
By 1851, the revolutionary invention of the cotton gin, sewing 
machine, steamboat and the telegraph which were featured at the 
London Industrial exposition, drew world wide attention. 
According to Tocqueville, “the young American grew up ignor- 
ing the general laws of mechanics, but rather, directed their thoughts 
to the purely practical part of science.” 
The Erie Canal was a route by which the skills and products of 
the Yankee inventors of the American northeast moved toward the 
Midwestern frontiers. European tourists were awed by the unique 
skills of the Americans, including Cyrus McCormick, inventor of the 
mechanical reaper, who “revolutionized” agricultural implements, 
while in Europe, agricultural tools and methods continued to remain 
the same since the time of the Roman Empire. 
Large numbers of American women “liberated themselves from 
the bondage of needle and thread by acquiring Mr. Howe's sewing 
machine; many also utilized new-fangled egg-beaters, apple-peelers 
and clothes-wringers flabbergasting European visitors.” 
Even in far-flung outposts, “Americans had a passion for rapid 
communications and intelligence, reading many newspapers that 
arrived by post, carrying on commerce by means of the newly in- 
vented electromagnetic telegraph.” 
In 1853, Edison at age six, started a fire in his fathers barn, “just 
to see what it would do,” - Little Al received a severe public beating

92 
at the hands of his father as a punishment and as an example for 
other children who might have contemplated mischief. 
Little Al’s father was a jack of all trades, however, he initially made 
his fortune in the shingle manufacturing, lumber and feed business. 
The collapse of the family fortune - “the lake shore railroad came in 
1853, bypassed Milan and drove through Norwalk to Toledo with 
the result that commercial traffic followed the line of the railroad and 
was diverted from Milan, which eventually lost 80 percent of it's popu- 
lation.” 
Sam Edison’ financial collapse resulted in the whole family mov- 
ing north where Sam became a light house keeper in Port Huron, 
Michigan; young Edison’s mother, Nancy, took Little Al out of public 
school and took over his education. She constantly read to him, go- 
ing over the classics such as Gibbon’s, the Rise and Fall of the Roman 
Empire and Sear’, History of the World. 
At age nine, when Little Al asked questions that she could not 
answer she gave him R. G. Parker's, A School Compendium of Natural 
and Experimental Philosophy. The book illustrated basic home experi- 
ments in chemistry and electricity - Little Al carefully ran each ex- 
periment. 
At age ten, Edison began reading Benjamin Franklin’s notes 
on electricity, including the details of generating static electric- 
ity, and the turkey electrocutions. Edison tried the trick of vigor- 
ously rubbing the fur of two huge tomcats, whose tails he had 
attached to wires - the shocked cats severely scratched him. 
Edison, at the age of eleven, partnered up with another boy to 
start his first commercial enterprise. The two friends prepared a large 
garden to grow and sell vegetables. They tilled the soil, laid in wood 
ashes and animal manure for fertilizer, seeded the rows, watered and 
hoed weeds. It didn’t take long - Edison was soon driving a horse 
cart around town selling onions, lettuce, cabbage and peas. The first 
summer's income was $300. 
Edison did not get excited about farming and “hoeing corn in the 
hot sun was unattractive.” He abandoned the fledgling farm. 
At age thirteen, Little Al's first paying job was to sell newspapers 
on the three hour train trip from Port Huron to Detroit selling copies

HELLS KITCHEN 93 
of the Detroit Free Press. He also multitasked by selling fruit, peanuts 
and sandwiches to the passengers - he learned the value of delegat- 
ing by paying other boys to sell his snacks in other rail cars he couldn't 
get to during the trip. 
He developed a habit of hanging around the editorial offices and 
composition rooms of the Free Press to glean early news to accelerate 
his newspaper sales. At the end of the first year in the Civil War, on 
April 6, 1862, his diligence paid off, he hit a home run - the proof of 
the next days headlines featured a story that said as many as 60,000 
soldiers had died in the battle of Shiloh (actual deaths were 24,000). 
He had only enough money to buy 300 papers so he boldly walked 
into the offices of the Free Press’ famous editor, Wilbur B. Storey and 
procured 1,000 copies on credit. 
Edison had already bribed the railroad officials to wire ahead to 
all the station managers that a major battle had taken place. He was 
mobbed at every station and the papers sold out even though he 
raised prices - his net profit was an outrageous $150, six times the 
annual income of most Americans at the time. 
During the following summer, Edison snatched a three year old 
boy from in front of a run away boxcar, and the overjoyed father 
offered him telegraph lessons as a reward. Five months latter, Tom 
(as he grew older Little Al preferred to be called Tom) traveled through- 
out the Midwestern United States as a “tramp” telegraph operator 
with hundreds of other boys. 
The young “tramp” telegraph operators were known for gam- 
bling, cursing, drinking, smoking, playing jokes and hanging out 
with women - they had time, money and all the adult men were off 
fighting the war. Edison was particularly fond of chewing tobacco 
(pica), gambling and played jokes on his fellows; however, he spent 
most of his time reading in deserted boarding houses and tinkering 
with telegraphic devices in railway stations on the night shifts. 
Between 1857 and 1858, young Edison rejected reading and 
writing, when an opportunity arose to play with telegraphs, batteries 
and chemicals - he developed an obsession for learning everything 
that was known about the “new science” of electricity. As he worked 
with his early telegraph constructed of scrap metal, “Edison the boy

94 
approached, unwittingly, the mainstream of electrical experimenta- 
tion since the days of Benjamin Franklin.” 
In 1863, Charles Banting, an obese undertaker, noticed that 
obese people oftentimes died younger than slim people. He gave 
up carbohydrates and promptly lost 100 pounds - he was so ex- 
cited about his rapid weight loss that he published a small pam- 
phlet - How to Eliminate Corpulence (obesity). 
This pamphlet was the first public instruction on how to lose 
excess weight - this sentinel case was the harbinger of our future 
obesity problems and yet physicians failed to take note. 
In 1868, a friend wrote Edison from Boston - he wrote back ask- 
ing if there were any jobs. The response said Edison should come to 
Boston with all haste and appear in the Western Union office in that 
city. 
Edison arrived in Boston in 1868, after having held jobs with the 
Western Union Company and the military. He was driven continu- 
ously to insomnia by his ponderings on electrical and telegraphic 
equipment - magnets, springs, cylinders, rotating gears, armatures, 
batteries and rheostats filled his thoughts. He rented Charles Will- 
iams Jr.'s instrument workshop that had previously been occupied 
by Alexander Graham Bell. Edison, who had become an electrical 
“addict,” modernized the stock telegraph tape printer and collabo- 
rated with other telegraphers to sell his machines and a stock-and- 
gold quotation service. 
About this time, Edison invented an electric rat killer (using the 
same techniques that Franklin had used to electrocute turkeys) that 
consisted of two plates placed on the floor and connected to a stor- 
age battery - when the rats stepped on the two plates they completed 
a circuit and were immediately killed. He later produced a smaller 
version to kill cockroaches - the predecessor of the electrical blue 
light mosquito and fly zapper. 
In October of 1868, Edison filed for a patent for the first electric 
vote recorder - the patent, No. 90,646, was granted in June 1, 1869. 
As a telegraph press reporter, Edison had noticed a great waste of 
time in recording the voice votes during legislative sessions of Con- 
gress, he conceived of a time saving device which he whittled out of

HELLS KITCHEN 95 
wood with his own hands. Edison’ crude vote counter would be the 
fore runner of the 20th century voting machines - in Edison’s words: 
“In front of each member of the House (there were) two buttons, one 
for aye and one for no. By the side of the Speaker’s desk, was erected a 
square frame, in the upper part of which there were two dials, correspond- 
ing to the two classes of votes. Below the dials were spaces in which num- 
bers appeared. When the vote was called for, each member pressed one or 
another of the buttons before him and....the number of votes appeared 
automatically on the record. All the Speaker had to do was to glance at the 
dial and announce the results.” 
Edison immediately took his voting machine to the Massachu- 
setts Legislature, where he presented his idea to a committee chair- 
man - he was sure he would reap the handsome sum of $50,000 
dollars. To his total dismay, the chairman immediately rejected his 
machine saying, “it would infringe on the sacred right of the minor- 
ity to filibuster!” 
Boston failed to meet the financial demographics necessary to 
grow his business so Edison moved to New York. In 1869, Edison 
arrived in Manhattan (now aged 22) and found a job with Dr. Sam 
Law’s Gold Indicator’s wire service as a piecework assistant. 
Almost as soon as he started, the main office device failed and 
broke down - Wall Street came to a screeching halt and hundreds of 
brokers’ runners screamed at the office’s door for information. All of 
the office’s experts failed in their efforts to repair the machine - Edison 
pulled off his second coup by promptly fixing the device which had 
failed because a small spring coil had broken off and jammed the 
drive gears. Edison, at age 22, was now elevated to hero status in the 
financial world and the rapidly expanding growth industry of elec- 
tronics. 
A short time later he went to the directors of a Western Union 
subsidiary to offer a machine that connected stock tickers from out- 
side offices to the main machine in the home office - they paid him a 
blinding fee of $30,000! 
He stretched himself and contracted to provide private telegraph

96 
machines, electrical equipment and 1,200 fast model stock tickers 
for Western Union. He formed a partnership with a Newark machin- 
ist, and by laboring for sixteen hour days and surviving on coffee, 
apple pie and cigars he fulfilled his contract and delivered all his 
machines on time. 
Edison bought out his partner. To keep the cash flow going he 
worked as a foreman, supervising fifty or more pieceworkers - at 
night he built a laboratory equipped with the most up to date scien- 
tific instruments. He slept in his chair for six weeks while he con- 
sumed huge stacks of current scientific literature and he conducted 
experiments day and night. 
In the early 1870s, Edison hired three individuals who proved 
to be crucial to his future successes - Charles Batchelor, a British 
textile machinist; John Kruesi, a Swiss clockmaker; and Edward 
Johnson, a railroad and telegraph engineer. Batchelor could translate 
Edison's crude drawings into a detailed drawing; Kruesi built work- 
ing models that were presented with patent applications; and Johnson 
would complete the detailed patent applications, production con- 
tracts and payroll. 
In 1871, J.B.H. Dumas, proved through a terrible human experi- 
ment that an artificial diet with only the known nutrients of the day 
was missing something and could not by itself support life. 
Responsible for the care of a nursery of starving children and 
having no food, Dumas made an artificial liquid diet. Even though, 
Dumas’ diet contained the known proteins, carbohydrates and fats 
the diet failed to support and nourish the children. Laboratory in- 
vestigations confirmed his concerns, mice could thrive on a milk 
diet; however, the mice could not survive on milk substitutes com- 
posed of fats, proteins and carbohydrates. 
Feeding mice on a mix of compounds found in milk (proteins, 
fats, carbohydrates and salts), Nicolai Ivanovitch Lunin (1853 - 1937) 
demonstrated that the mice died; he concluded that there must be 
some small quantities of unknown factors in milk. 
Edison's 1872 notebook contained more than 100 sketches of 
revolutionary electronic and mechanical devices and that year he won 
34 patents. In 1875 Edison gave his 71 year father a task - find a

HELLS KITCHEN 97 
piece of property on which he could build a laboratory. 
In 1873, the fifty four year old Lydia E. Pinkham, of Lynn, Mas- 
sachusetts became America’ first millionaires. She manufactured and 
marketed, Lydia Pinkham’s Vegetable Compound as a cure for “fe- 
male weakness” - the product was soon being touted as “the greatest 
remedy in the world.” It was favored for dealing with dysmenorrhea, 
PMS and the hot flashes and night sweats characteristic of the “fe- 
male change of life.” 
In March 1876, Edison built his thirty foot by one hundred foot 
laboratory building in Menlo Park. Every room on the first level dis- 
played a banner sporting a quote from an English painter, Joshua 
Reynolds, “There is no expedient to which a man will not resort to 
avoid the real labor of thinking.” Each clock had it’s spring removed, 
the length of the work day would be determined by Edison, who 
frequently would work for 24 hours stealing only cat naps on the 
floor and then sleeping for eighteen hours. 
In 1876, Alexander Graham Bell invented the first telephone. 
Born in Scotland, Bell started is career as an elocution teacher, work- 
ing with deaf children. 
In 1877, Thomas Edison built his first version of the phono- 
graph; he published an article proposing ten uses for his new inven- 
tion. They included preserving the last words of dying people; re- 
cording books for blind people to listen to; announcing clock time; 
and teaching spelling. 
Reproduction of music was not seriously considered as a use of 
the phonograph by Edison. A few years later, Edison complained to 
his assistant that his invention had no commercial value. Within a 
few years he had a change of heart and finally entered into the office 
machine business with his phonograph. 
Other entrepreneurs created “jukeboxes” by arranging for a pho- 
nograph to play popular music for the price of a coin. Twenty years 
later, Edison finally agreed that the main use of his phonograph was 
to record and replay music. 
In August 1878, Edison returned to Menlo Park from a vacation 
(his employees described him as highly animated and excited). He 
had left in July sick and exhausted to the Rockies to view a total

98 
eclipse of the sun with a group of scientists and academics. One aca- 
demic, George Baker of the University of Pennsylvania, had talked 
excitably about a system of lights an inventor, Moses Farmer, had set 
up at an Ansonia, Connecticut foundry. They were known as arc 
lights, because the light was produced by an arch of elongated sparks 
reaching between two carbon rods the diameter of pencils. 
Bright as searchlights, arc lights had been employed since the 
1860s in British and American Lighthouses and certain public meet- 
ing places. The arc lights were too bright, too dangerous and too 
expensive to operate to be practical for private home or small busi- 
ness use. 
It wasn’t the eight large arc lamps and the foundry that generated 
Edison’s high level of excitement, it was the electrical generating sys- 
tem itself - the electric light was produced by a small crude dynamo 
or generator and the current was miraculously carried by wires one 
quarter mile to the foundry! 
Edison observed for the first time that electricity could be gener- 
ated in one place, sent over a distance through insulated wires and 
then efficiently divided and directed to multiple lamps. Edison im- 
mediately saw a potential profit. 
A reporter for the New York Sun who had been invited on the trip, 
recorded Edison’s moment of epiphany, “Edison was enraptured....He 
ran from the instruments to the lights and from the lights back to the 
instrument. He sprawled over a table with the simplicity of a child, 
and made all kinds of calculations. He estimated the power of the 
instrument and of the lights, the probable loss of power in transmis- 
sion, the amount of coal the instrument would save in a day, a week, 
a month, a year, and the result of such saving on manufacturing.” 
Edison’s habit was to reduce the size of machines, to miniaturize 
them, in order to save energy and reduce heat production. Rather 
than sending generated electricity through carbon rods to produce 
an arc light, which was useless for home and small business lighting, 
Edison transmitted it along a wire to a tiny filament in a small incan- 
descent light fixture. He worked for forty eight hours straight at Menlo 
Park, “I discovered the necessary secret, so simple that a bootblack 
might understand it,” he crowed! In his usual bold fashion he went

HELLS KITCHEN 99 
public with his ideas only one week after his visit to Ansonia. 
Edison's “wild” claims were widely published in newspapers, “he 
had not only found the way to create an incandescent bulb, but he 
also would be able to light the entire lower part of New York with 
one engine and 15 or 20 dynamos: | have it now! With a process I 
have just discovered, I can produce a thousand - aye, ten thousand 
(lamps) from one machine. Indeed, the number may be said to be 
infinite....with the same power you can run an elevator, a sewing 
machine, or any other mechanical contrivance, and by means of the 
(electrical) heat you may cook your food.” 
More than 100 years earlier, Benjamin Franklin had killed and 
cooked turkeys with electricity provided by storage batteries. Edison 
saw the future - he envisioned the world run by electrical devices. 
By envisioning a process by which we could cook our food in 
the near future with electricity, Edison ushered in the leading 
edge of our HELLS KITCHEN! How many wood ashes would be 
left over when we heated our homes and cooked our food with 
electricity - none! None! Our historical stream of nutritional 
minerals, used by humans since before recorded history was 
about to be abruptly shut off. 
Unfortunately, there was no one in the forest to hear the tree 
fall - this was the moment of transition for human health and no 
one saw the danger coming - no one offered a replacement for 
the nutritional minerals we were about to lose. 
Edison’s “secret” was a mental creation rather than a reality - a 
thermal regulator to cut off or dampen the electrical current to the 
filament before it melted or burned out. Edison scholars Robert Friedel 
and Paul Israel underline his audacity: “For Edison, the search for a 
practical incandescent light was a bold, even foolhardy, plunge into 
the unknown guided at first more by overconfidence and a few half- 
baked ideas than by science. To suggest otherwise is to rob the in- 
ventive act of its human dimension and thus to miss an understand- 
ing of the act itself.” 
Other electricity hopefuls in arc and incandescent lighting projects 
had transmitted a large amount of current along a heavy wire to a 
low resistance filament. The important discovery that Edison had

100 
made, after arguing it out with Charles Batchelor, was to raise the 
voltage to transmit a small level of current through a thin wire to a 
high resistance filament. His “secret” was the practical employment 
of the law proposed in 1827 by a German physicist by the name of 
George Ohm. 
Edison later said, “At the time I experimented | did not under- 
stand Ohm’s law. Moreover, I do not want to understand Ohms law. 
It would stop me experimenting.” Understanding the relationship 
connecting voltage, current and resistance was all important to the 
creation of the incandescent lamp, and he understood it “intuitively” 
even if he could not illustrate it in a mathematical formula.” 
Academics and scientists from America and England who were 
still caught up in the concept of low resistance and heavier wires, 
dismissed Edison’s project to light New York out of hand as both 
“scientifically stupid and economically hopeless.” 
Edison's immediate need was to find a filament of high resistance 
that he could heat up to incandescence in a clear glass bulb, evacu- 
ated of oxygen to an “airless” state to inhibit oxidation. In 1878 Edison 
was not even close to solving these problems. His friend and lawyer, 
Grosvenor Lowrey quickly raised $300,000 to form Edison Electric 
Light Co. The necessary filament was not as forthcoming as Edison 
had hoped; he had rejected carbon because it burned up very easily. 
Platinum wire produced low resistance but did not oxidize and there- 
fore seemed to fit the need. He started with a design that featured 
long spirals of thin platinum wire, in an effort to increase the filament’ 
resistance, but it was a tedious and extremely hazardous enterprise. 
In mid-April, Lowrey brought a cluster of investors into the dark 
Edison laboratory, where he had set up twelve lamps with platinum 
filaments connected in a series. Edison instructed John Kruesi to turn 
on the current gradually. Francis Jehl, an assistant, noted: “I can see 
those lamps rising to a cherry red and hear Mr. Edison saying, ‘A 
little more juice,’ and the lamps began to glow. A little more.... And 
then one emits a light like a star after which there is an eruption and 
a pulf, and the machine shop is in total darkness.” 
Batchelor replaced the faulty lamp; the same thing happened a 
few minutes later. Only Lowrey’s eloquence and the steadfastness of

HELVS KITCHEN 101 
42-year-old John Pierpont Morgan kept the group together. 
A second challenge was the ability to produce and keep a vacuum 
-no one yet had been able to pull enough air out of the bulb. Edison 
fell back on one of his unique skills, he looked for the right person 
for the job. He placed a classified add in the New York Herald for a 
glass blower, which produced an eighteen year old in a little red 
German student cap. 
The burly mechanics had a hardy laugh at the appearance of the 
relatively small almost feminine Ludwig Boehm; however, his skills 
produced a better bulb more aligned with Edison’s design and he 
helped design and perfect an original technique to evacuate a bulb 
by infusing mercury. The technique was tedious and often times frus- 
trating; however, in September, after almost a month of trial, Edison 
and his team achieved a vacuum that was one hundredth of an atmo- 
sphere. Edison was so overjoyed to learn that at this level of reduced 
oxygen in the bulb that even a carbon stick did not burn up quickly, 
and the carbon gave a brighter light than the platinum had. 
This was the good news. The negative was that resistance to this 
carbon filament was only about two ohms (which would mean more 
current, more copper). Resistance could be raised by creating a fine 
filament in a tight spiral, however, the filament would have to be no 
thicker than fifteen thousandths of an inch. Edison pushed all his 
help to chaos, attempting to convert carbon into “reeds” no thicker 
than thread. Day after Day, night after night, over and over the spiral 
“reeds” would shatter. 
Two hectic, sleepless and fruitless weeks went by before Edison 
decided to change directions; his new thought was to bake the pow- 
dered carbon into a plain cotton thread. On the eighth attempt, on 
October 21, Batchelor carried the small hair-like thread to Boehm’s 
house to insert into a bulb. “Just as we reached the glass blowers 
house, the wretched carbon broke,” Edison recalled. “We turned back 
to the main laboratory and set to work again. It was late in the after- 
noon before we produced another carbon, which was broken by a 
jeweler’s screwdriver falling against it. But we turned back again and 
before nightfall the carbon was completed and inserted in the lamp. 
The bulb was exhausted of air and sealed, the current turned on, and

102 
the sight we had so long desired to see met our eyes.” 
Thread No. 9, lit at 1:30 a.m., and lasted until 3:00 p.m. - 13 full 
hours, after which Edison added a stronger battery to boost the light 
to 30 candles, or three times gas light. They watched the thread-like 
filament react to the severe heat. The light continued for another 
hour. It was a crack in the glass that let air in that resulted in a burst 
of flame and then the lab went dark. Although their carbon-cotton 
filament was not perfect, the excited team had demonstrated to them- 
selves that a carbon filament in a vacuum could work! 
After inspecting the charred filament under the lens of a micro- 
scope, Edison set out to find another organic fibrous material, some 
form of cellulose that would create even more resistance than cotton. 
By November 16th, the team settled on a piece of everyday card- 
board. Edison noted, “None of us could go to bed, and there was no 
sleep for any of us for forty hours. We sat and watched it with anxi- 
ety growing into elation. The lamp lasted about 45 hours, and I real- 
ized that the practical incandescent lamp had been born.” 
Even at this early stage, Edison was setting up the commercial 
electricity business in New York, Paris and London. The laboratory 
team worked day and night, making filaments and assembling bulbs 
by hand, one by one, so that on New Year’s Eve, when Edison held 
his open house in Menlo Park to a public exhibit he had about 300 
bulbs. Over 3,000 people showed up to gawk and ask questions; the 
academics and experts still refused to be impressed. 
Henry Morton of the Stevens Institute, who had been on the 
Rockies expedition to view the eclipse of the sun, claimed that Edison 
was selling “a fraud upon the public,” which spurred Edison to fur- 
ther promise that, “He would erect a statue of Morton at Menlo Park 
and shine an eternal electric light on his gloomy countenance.” 
“There is a wide difference,” Edison noted, “between completing 
an invention and putting the manufactured article on the market,” - 
however, the marketing of the electric light bulb was the least of his 
problems. Edison had to invent the entire electrical industry! He had 
to create an entire system which would include every possible detail 
- and then commercially produce every part necessary. 
Edison had to assemble a central power station; design and manu-

HELVS KITCHEN 103 
facture his own dynamos (generators) to convert steam energy into 
electrical energy; ensure a steady electrical current; connect a 14- 
mile network of underground wiring; insulate the wiring against 
moisture and the accidental discharge of electrical discharges or “short 
circuits,” invent and install safety devices against fire; design com- 
mercially efficient motors to use electricity in the daylight hours to 
run elevators, printing presses, lathes, fans, etc.; design and place 
meters to monitor individual home and business use of the electric- 
ity for billing purposes; invent, manufacture and market a catalogue 
full of switches, breakers, sockets, fuses, distribution systems and 
lamps. 
In 1880 and 1881 Edison established Con Edison and General 
Electric and put their offices in a double brownstone mansion on 65 
Fifth Avenue. For his central power production station, Edison pur- 
chased several deserted and broken down warehouses at 25 - 257 
Pearl Street in full view of the Brooklyn Bridge towers which were 
still under construction. 
In December 1881, Edison began digging up paving stone to lay 
conduit to carry the wires outward from the Pearl Street power gen- 
erating station. Edison frequently was on his hands and knees in the 
trenches to check the connections himself. 
On Sunday, September 3, 1882 Edison spent the day and night 
checking and double checking, rehearsing and double rehearsing the 
completeness and every function of the system for it’s unveiling and 
grand opening on Monday afternoon. “The gas companies were our 
bitter enemies, ready to pounce upon usat the slightest failure,” Edison 
said. 
When John W Lieb, the chief electrician pulled the power switch 
on Monday September 4th at 3:00 p.m. only one of the six dynamo 
sets worked and the steam engine coughed and ran roughly for fail- 
ure to be warmed up early; but Edison, sitting in the distant offices of 
Drexel, Morgan & Co. was ready for the historic moment when he 
would ceremoniously turn on 106 lamps, was not disappointed - 
they all snapped on and brightened the surrounding office. They all 
came on; 100 percent came on! At the offices of the New York Times, 
“In fairy tale style,” fifty two filaments came to life and lit the after-

104 
noon and well on into the night. 
Only a dozen or so people had gathered in the warehouse to 
observe the dynamo open up a new chapter in human enterprise. 
The lights went on in the first district Monday September 4, 
1882 at 3:00 p.m. in the full sunlight of a late summer after- 
noon, which resulted in a “rather feeble effect.” 
The event was anticlimactic - despite the optimistic talk of a cen- 
tral station that would light 2,500 to 10,000 structures by means of 
a single circuit, the Edison Electric Hluminating Company, opened 
for business with only eighty five customer’s fully wired and brag- 
ging only 400 lamps. 
The Pearl Street facility costs to that date came to a total of 
$600,000. The first power station staggered forward with only one 
generator, which worked rather poorly - the advanced engines were 
not to arrive for two more months. 
“Look, the Edison lamps have been turned on,” observers simply 
said, when the first city power station turned on - “and that was 
that.” 
It was only later, after many months had passed that people be- 
gan to realize what Edison had created at the dusty Pearl Street ware- 
house. “It was in fact, nothing less than the marriage of steam and 
electric force,” said T. Comerford Martin, a long time Edison friend. 
The world was now rapidly moving from the steam age of James 
Watt into the electrical age of Thomas Edison. 
It had taken more than 1,500,000 years to move from the 
first taming of fire to steam and then only 100 years to move 
from steam power to electrical power. The simple unassuming 
wood ashes that had carried the health and development of hu- 
mans forward for so long were now becoming “an unnecessary 
drudge.” 
More than fifty years had come and gone since Michael Faraday 
had discovered the “mechanical production of induced electricity 
and had been possessed by a vision of the future (of) electric power.” 
The future needed Edison, however, as well as Ohm, Faraday, Am- 
pere, Arago, Franklin, Newcomen, Watt and others to bring the world 
into the Electrical Age. A London newspaper said it all - “There is but

HELLS KITCHEN 105 
one Edison.” 
In Edison's day, the most revered fertilizer for home gardens was 
an equal mix of wood ash produced in fire places and stoves, bone 
meal and animal blood meal obtained at slaughter houses. The wood 
ashes in this mix would be removed from the stove’s ash pan every 
morning and placed directly on the garden or added to animal ma- 
nure or compost fertilizers. 
Wood ashes were also used as “culinary” ashes and used to cut 
the more valuble salt 10:1 or 100:1 since befor written history - in 
effect providing a constant stream of esssential minerals for the 
growth, health and longevity of humanity 
The fork in the road to Hell that we had been looking for had 
been found; it was at 3:00 p.m. on Monday September 4, 1882 that 
we took the off ramp and exited from the main road and took the 
fork in the road to obesity - the wrong path, the fork in the road to 
Hell. Edison’s technician had loosed the seeds of obesity from 
Pandora’s Box when he loosed commercially generated electricity! 
The road to obesity wouldn't be free, it would be an expensive 
toll road to Hell - it wouldn't be a freeway, we would pay a grave 
price to stay on the road that would bring us to obesity, diabetes and 
the Metabolic Syndrome - $117 billion per year. By 2004, sixty five 
percent of Americans would be overweight, thirty one percent of 
Americans would be obese and 1,000,000 new American diabetics 
each year would become the new metabolic pandemics that plagued 
the industrialized world (of course Americans led the way).

106: WON ee

Chapter 8 
“As one of the greatest of technical geniuses, (Edison) became a 
symbol of our Machine Age, one of the founders of our mechanical 
civilization, for better or for worse.” 
-Dr. Le Compte du Nouy 
HELLS KITCHEN 
In 1761, the Colonial kitchen, with it’s huge stone fireplace, was 
the center of family and community life rather than the church or 
parlor. In the other rooms, the rafters could be bare and the floors 
made of earth or raw hewn boards; however, in the kitchen there was 
room enough near the hearth for finishing chores, and for children 
to play and watch their mother cook and prepare meals in large iron 
pots. 
On the hearth’s back bar were hooks of varying lengths called 
trammels, hakes, pot-claws, potclips and pot crooks. There were also 
lug-poles, job-crokes, recons, gallows-balke and gallows-crooks. On 
these devices the housewife hung pots and kettles. 
In the kettles and pots were hasty puddings and corn meal por- 
ridge, while corn dumplings were baked on the side - “if the colonialist 
travels he takes with him no-cake, or Indian corn, which is (an ear 
of) corn parched in ashes and carried in a leather bag.” 
Since the advent of commercial electrical generation in 1882 by 
Edison, there was a persistent, incessant and accelerating search for 
more uses of electrical power. Some of the more interesting inven- 
tions of progress included electrical, coal, gasoline, oil, natural gas

108 
and propane kitchen appliances. They were marketed as instruments 
of progress “that would free the American house wife from the old 
drudgery and the dirt associated with the starting of the kitchen and 
heating wood or coal fires,” these new stoves were cleaner and more 
efficient that the old wood stoves - “no more soot to clean from your 
pots and pans.” 
Early Stoves That Replaced Wood Stoves 
Date Style 
1862 Ship Camboose or Cabin Stove 
ED. Chase, Boston, MA (wood, coal) 
1872 Air Tight Stove 
C.H. Tyler, Greenfield, MA (Wood, coal) 
1878 Masonary Stove (attached to chimney) 
Menanite Kitchen, American Agriculturist 
(wood, corn cobs) 
1882 Troy Charter Oak (Since 1854) 
The Metal Workers (wood) 
1890 Oil Stove 
Perry Stove Co., Albany, NY 
1891 All Cast Iron Ranges (wood, coal) 
Buckwalter Stove Co. 
1895 Wood Stove 
Sears Catalog 
1914 Electryl 
Electric Cooker Stove (Purcell & Nobbs) 
London, England 
1914 Maud Lancaster's Electric Cooking 
Gilbert, England

HELLS KITCHEN 109 
The new electrical technology was proof that things could only 
get better; however, no one even considered the possible side effects 
on the world when we made the conversion from wood and coal 
fuels to electric, gas and propane. 
Where would our nutritional minerals now come from? We still 
needed our essential minerals, yet no one seemed to worry about the 
looming deficit. We had been using the wood ash kitchen byproduct 
for thousands of years as a supplement combined with table salt, 
“culinary ashes” and a fertilizer for our gardens - it would be gone in 
but a few short years and we would be put metabolically naked into 
the ovens of HELLS KITCHEN! 
When one looks at the time line following the 1882 quickening 
of the commercial electric industry, the more frightened we become. 
As we achieved the next plateaus of scientific achievement, includ- 
ing “medical miracles,” nuclear power, space technology, etc., we sped 
up technological progress, but we left our primal human needs for 
mineral nutrients in the empty kitchen ash bin. 
The result of our failure to appreciate our loss, our failure to re- 
place the ash minerals we had depended on for thousands of years 
has become a whirlwind of obesity, diabetes and the Metabolic Syn- 
drome. 
In 1866 Nikolaus Otto invented the first gasoline engine; at this 
time horses had been supplying power for carrying loads, plowing 
and pulling wagons for 6,000 years. As Otto’ first engine was weak 
and seven feet tall it didn’t initially look like it could replace the 
horse. 
In 1874 Eli Whitney invented the cotton gin to end the labor 
intensive job of cleaning the seeds and hulls from the cotton bolls. 
In 1874, an Austrian chemistry student created a new chemical 
compound, dichloro-diphenyl-trichloroethane, that he called DDT. 
On May 10, 1876, the United States opened it’ first centennial 
celebration at the grand Centennial Exhibition in Philadelphia. Over 
all, 9,000,000 people would visit the fairgrounds. One of the most 
popular attractions was a single gigantic coal fired steam engine that 
powered literally thousands of mechanical inventions set in the 
exhibition’s Machinery Hall. At the grand opening, shortly after a

110 
choir sang Handel’ “Hallelujah Chorus” to an enthusiastic crowd of 
over 100,000 people, President Ulysses S. Grant stepped up to the 
giant engine and pulled its control lever. 
With a hiss and cloud of steam, the engine’s cross beam began to 
rock, its two huge pistons began to work, and eight miles of connect- 
ing shafts running through the hall began to turn. A huge cheer rose 
from the crowd as fourteen acres of shiny new machinery sprang 
loudly to life at the same moment spinning, sawing, sewing, pump- 
ing and printing without the need for the control and the muscle 
power of human hands - America became an industrial power, 
America joined the industrial revolution. America was headed faster 
and faster into HELLS KITCHEN. 
In 1885, the gasoline engine increased in efficiency to the point 
where Gottfried Daimler installed an engine on a bicycle to produce 
the first motorcycle; he waited until 1896 to build the first truck. 
In 1877, fingerprints were first invented and used by William 
Hershel; he worked for the Indian Civil Service, he used “thumb 
print signatures” of army pensioners in Bengal to ensure they only 
collected their money once. 
In 1888 the first electric transformer was invented, thus extend- 
ing the distance, that electrical services could be provided. 
In 1895 the first electric locomotive starts commercial operation. 
In 1893 - 1895 recorded the appearance of the first gasoline pow- 
ered automobile. Developed by Charles E. and J. Frank Duryea, and 
incorporated by almost all other automobile manufacturers, they first 
exhibited their automobile to an amazed public in 1900 at the first 
National Auto Show at Madison Square Garden, New York. 
In 1897, British physician, Dr. Ronald Ross, proved that malaria 
was spread by a mosquito of the genus Anopheles. 
In 1897, the Sears Roebuck Catalogue listed iron kitchen stoves 
that burned wood, soft coal or hard coal, gasoline stoves and oil 
stoves - the relentless move away from wood as a kitchen and heat- 
ing fuel had begun in earnest: 
“The Merit Sunshine is a substantial, well constructed stove of im- 
proved design, intended to meet the demand for a well made and attrac-

HELLS KITCHEN 111 
tive stove at a low price. The design is new and neat, and workmanship is 
equal to the best. The special features of this stove are: Cut top plates with 
heavy, deep edges; heavy rim covers and centers; heavy grate and fire box 
lining, dumping and shaking grates; nickel knobs and hinge pins; hand- 
some nickel panel on oven door and on front doors; outside oven shelf; tin- 
lined oven door; improved, outside oven, with broad rack.” Sears and Roe- 
buck Catalogue 1897: 355 lbs. $17.40. 
“The Giant Acme Gasoline Stoves, with lay-down tank, has latest, best 
and most perfect burner yet made: lights and burns without smoke or odor, 
giving blue process flame at great reduction in price. It is operated by one 
valve, very simple; any child can operate it; has loose grate; safety lay- 
down tank; when tank is filled it must be lowered and when lowered all 
fires are extinguished immediately. Beautifully ornamented with full nickel 
name plate. Fully guaranteed, and can be returned at our expense if it 
does not do the work represented.” Sears and Roebuck Catalogue 1897. 30 
lbs. $7.13. 
“The Acme Central-draft, (three burner), round wick, oil cook stove is 
an embodiment of art and utility. They are modern in design, honest in 
construction, perfect in combustion. Elaborately finished in nickel and sure 
to give the best of satisfaction. We have spared neither labor nor money to 
make the the Acme Cook Stoves the finest finished, most durable and best 
operating oil cook stoves in the world. Modern ideas and improvements 
make them the most convenient and economical stove ever placed on the 
market. Our prices are always the lowest, quality considered” Sears and 
Roebuck Catalogue 1897. 35 lbs. $5.50. 
In 1900, Karl Landsteiner, an Austrian physician discovered that 
each human has a slightly different blood “type.” He identified at 
least three “types” or “groups” of blood and called them A, B, and O. 
His discovery explained why people react in different ways when 
given a blood transfusion; if the donor blood does not match the 
recipient blood the red cells can clump together causing blood clots 
and death. 
Yellow fever was proven to be spread by a mosquito of the genus

112 
Aedes in 1900. Studying a yellow fever epidemic in Cuba under the 
watchful eye of U.S. Army surgeon Dr. Walter Reed, British physi- 
cian Dr. James Carrol allowed an infected mosquito that had fed on 
yellow fever victims to bite him - his theory was confirmed when he 
developed yellow fever (he later died of the cardiac complications of 
yellow fever). 
The 1900 Sears and Roebuck Catalogue no longer carried the 
gasoline or oil stoves - the petroleum stoves made food taste like 
gasoline or kerosene and they blew up. The Acme Stoves that used 
wood and coal hung on in the Sears Catalogue, however, the price 
went up to $31.05. 
In 1901 the police of Scotland Yard in London opened their offi- 
cial fingerprint department. Using a simple system of fingerprinting 
techniques, the police collected comprehensive records of convicted 
criminals. The technique was later improved by Sir Henry Galton, 
and developed by Edward Henry, chief commissioner of the London 
Police, who used the technology to offer a sure way of identifying 
criminals. 
In 1901, Dr. Robert Koch, a German bacteriologist proposed a 
theory that it was rats that carried the bubonic plague. 
In 1901, Dr. Gerrit Grijns, a Dutch doctor, has shown that Beri- 
beri, a disease that affects the nervous system and is characterized by 
weakness, numbness, and paralysis is caused by the deficiency of a 
nutrient (thiamine - B1) removed when white rice is polished (re- 
moval of the bran). 
The formal opening of the Texas oil fields in 1901, meant that 
gasoline was plentiful and cheap, making cars the new “king of the 
road.” 
In 1901, Wilhelm Conrad Rontgen received the first Nobel Prize 
for physics for a chance observation that lead to the discovery of the 
X-ray in 1895. His most famous experiment involved placing his 
wifes hand between the X-ray source and a photographic plate, re- 
sulting in the production of the first permanent X-ray of the human 
body. An estimated 3 million X-rays were taken in 1901. 
Dr. George Perthes observed that X-rays can be used to reduce 
the size of cancerous tumors.

HELL'S KITCHEN 113 
In 1901, the McCormick Harvesting Machine Co. Chicago, IIli- 
nois mailed out calendars that still featured a farm family warming 
themselves in their living room with a wood burning open fireplace. 
In 1902, Landsteiner discovers a fourth blood group - AB. 
In 1902, Ivan Pavlov, a Russian physiologist uncovered a funda- 
mental type of nervous system response that he believes is the root of 
many aspects of human behavior - he called it the “conditioned re- 
flex.” Pavlov’s theories are based on experiments in which biologi- 
cally important events, such as feeding time for a dog is accompa- 
nied by a signal, such as the chiming of a bell. After a few days, the 
dog begins to salivate at the sound of the bell, whether or not any 
food is present. 
William Maddock Bayliss and Ernest Henry Starling identified 
the first known hormone - secretin, produced by glands in the small 
intestine (by 1905 they soon called these chemical messengers hor- 
mones from a Greek word meaning to “rouse to activity”). 
In 1903 the American Ford Motor Company sells it’s first “Model 
A” automobile to a doctor in Detroit. 
The German pharmaceutical giant Bayer, marketed a new pain- 
relief drug in 1903 under the name “Aspirin.” The drug was synthe- 
sized by a Bayer chemist, Felix Hoffman, six years earlier, when he 
was searching for a remedy to relieve his father’s arthritis pain. It was 
also suggested that Aspirin (acetylsalicylic acid) could also relieve 
headaches. A related compound, sodium salicylate (extracted from 
willow bark), was used for over twenty five years as a pain reliever 
for arthritis, however, it frequently produced gastric bleeding. 
In 1905, Dr. Albert Einstein, a twenty six year old working in the 
Swiss patent office in Berne, developed the “special theory of relativ- 
ity.” The theory is based on the concept that the velocity of light 
remains constant regardless of the relative motion of it’s source or an 
observer. 
In 1905, German zoologist Fritz Schaudinn and a colleague, der- 
matologist Erich Hoffmann, discovered the bacteria that caused syphi- 
lis; the organism has been named Spirocheta pallida. It had just been 
confirmed that syphilis can be transmitted from mothers to their 
babies and by sexual intercourse.

114 
In 1906, Will Keith Kellogg founded a company to market a 
“healthy” breakfast called “corn flakes.” The rolled and toasted wheat 
and corn “flake” was developed by Will Keith’s brother John Harvey 
Kellogg, an “alternative healer” at the Battle Creek Sanitarium in Michi- 
gan. The Kellogg brothers believed that their revolutionary breakfast 
food would replace the traditional American fried breakfast. 
In 1906, Frederick Hopkins, an English chemist, was the first to 
suggest that many foods contain “accessory factors,” substances apart 
from fats and proteins that are essential for health. Vitamins are chemi- 
cal substances, co-factors that are needed for growth and good health. 
In 1907, the tungsten filament incandescent bulbs went on sale 
and began to replace Edison’s original carbon filament. Tungsten fila- 
ments have an extremely high melting point of 6,170 degrees F 
In 1908, headlines state, “Ford’s production line paves the way 
for autos for all.” Ford, determined to capture the market for auto- 
mobiles that more people can afford, Henry Ford has adapted and 
improved the mass production systems pioneered by Ransom Eli Olds. 
Parts are manufactured in separate locations and delivered into 
the main factory so that technicians could assemble the complete 
auto. It takes just slightly more than twelve hours to assemble each 
car. Ford produces two models of his Model T, selling for $850 and 
$825 respectively. It still wasn’t cheap in terms of 1908 dollars, how- 
ever, Ford continues to develop ways to lower costs. 
French physician, Dr. Claude Mantoux developed a skin testing 
technique for determining if an individual was infected with tuber- 
culosis (consumption) or exposed to it. The technique features an 
injection of a sterile extract of the TB organism, called tuberculin, 
intradermally (between the layers of skin). If redness and swelling 
develop at the site of the injection, it indicates that the individual 
either has an active infection or has been exposed. 
The first filtered coffee maker was manufactured by Melitta Benz, 
a German housewife. She lined a can with absorbent paper, punched 
holes in the bottom of a can, placed fresh ground coffee beans in it 
and then poured boiling water through it, which resulted in per- 
fectly brewed coffee time after time. In 1909, she exhibited her fil- 
tered coffee pot at the Leipzig trade fair.

HELVS KITCHEN 115 
In 1909 the General Electric Company of Schenectady, New York 
began to market their first electric toaster. The toaster has a heating 
element made of wires that glow when plugged into the wall jack. 
The bread slice was laid on the wire elements, when one side is 
browned, the bread is manually turned over to brown the second 
side. The downside of this original electric toaster was that it had to 
be turned over and removed from the heat manually - left unattended 
the toast would burn. 
In the October 1909 issue of the American Family Journal, classi- 
fied ads appeared for dealing with obesity: 
Fat is Dangerous 
Itis unsightly, uncomfortable, spoils the figure, causing wrinkles, 
flabbiness and loss of vigor. Excess fat weakens the heart, liver and 
lungs. I want to prove that my treatment will positively reduce you 
to normal and no matter where the excess fat is located, stomach, 
bust, hips, cheeks, neck, it will quickly and safely be reduced with- 
out exercise or dieting. 
Rheumatism, asthma, shortness of breath, kidney and heart 
troubles will disappear as the fat goes away. - H. C. Bradford, M.D., 
New York. 
Don’t Stay Fat 
No longer any excuse to be too fat. Try Kellogg's safe fat reducer. 
E J. Kellogg, Battle creek, Michigan 
By 1909, ads began to appear in all magazines and newspapers 
for weight loss programs. The lack of wood ashes in the human diet 
began to have an effect on the modern urbanite. The effect was obvi- 
ous enough that it created the opportunity for a commercial enter- 
prise - the embryonic beginnings of the weight loss industry quick- 
ened. 
Sren Peter Srenson, a Danish chemist, devised a new scale to 
measure acidity and alkalinity of solutions. The scale is called the

116 
“pH” scale and ranges from 0 to 14. Neutral solutions have a pH of 
seven; strong acids such as sulfuric acid have a pH of 0 to 2. At the 
other end of the scale, strong alkalinity such as caustic soda will have 
a pH of 14. The pH ofa solution is a measure of it’s concentration of 
hydrogen (H+) ions. The term pH stands for “potential for hydro- 
gen.” 
By 1910, millions of U.S. homes had telephones. Since Alexander 
Graham Bell had invented the telephone in 1876, many advances 
had been made in the telephone technology. Telephone lines and 
manual exchanges connect distant towns and cities all over North 
America. Some larger cities have automatic exchanges which allow 
the caller to dial the number directly without having to engage an 
operator first. 
In 1912, Sydney Russell invented the first electrical heating pad, 
which a short time later became the electric blanket. 
In 1912, Casimir Funk, a Polish American biochemist, called the 
small essential substances in food vital amines, later called vitamins - 
he isolated thiamine (vitamin B1) from unpolished rice. 
In March 1912, The Gentlewoman, displayed classified ads for 
Weight loss: 
Fat Vanishes 
One pound a day 
New Drugless Method 
No more fat folks! 
200,000 women made happy with this new knowledge! 
My friends were charitable, and they called it “obesity”: others 
referred to me as being stout, but I knew it was just plain bulky fat! 
To reduce your weight, you must find the cause, you must get at the 
very reason. ! 
Marjorie Hamilton, Denver, Colorado 
In 1913, American chemist Irving Langmuir, of General Electric, 
has developed a way of extending the life of light bulbs and increas- 
ing their brightness. He invented a gas filled, coiled tungsten fila- 
ment lamp bulb. Vacuum tungsten filament bulbs had been manu-

HELLS KITCHEN 117 
factured for several years, however, at high temperature the filament 
gradually evaporates and then condenses on the cooler walls of the 
bulb resulting in the bulb blackening and dimming. Evaporation also 
thins and weakens the tungsten filament, thus shortening the life of 
the bulb. 
Langmuir discovered that when he filled the bulb with nitrogen, 
the process of evaporation slowed down. His tungsten bulb also used 
a coiled filament, which reduces heat loss and evaporation, which 
increase the efficiency and life of the bulb. 
Henry Ford continued to work towards his goal of having every 
American drive a car. He modernized his manufacturing facility in 
Highland Park, Michigan, which included a moving assembly line. 
The automobile bodies slowly move along a conveyer belt and work- 
ers on each side progressively added the appropriate parts. This 
modern process reduced the manufacturing time from twelve hours 
per car to 98 minutes to complete each car, resulting in considerable 
cost savings. Ford was able to reduce his Model T’s (nicknamed the 
“Tin Lizzies”) price to $400 per car! It immediately became the cheap- 
est and fastest selling car on the market. 
In June 1914, the “Modern Kitchen” featured an ad for a six-burner 
natural gas kitchen stove. 
In 1915, Knox Sparkling Gelatin of Johnstown, New York, mailed 
out free issues of Mrs. Knox's, Dainty Dish and Dessert Recipe Book, 
with receipt of 4 cents postage and address. 
In 1916, August Fruehof, a Detroit blacksmith built the first trac- 
tor trailer, a truck with a detachable cab powered by a gasoline inter- 
nal combustion engine. The cab can be attached to a variety of trail- 
ers or other farm equipment. The invention eliminated the need for 
multiple vehicles to operate a farm. 
The first electric washing machines were invented by John Fisher, 
an engineer, who marketed the machine with a promise to “take the 
drudgery out of wash day.” One filled the machine’ tub with the 
laundry to be washed, warm water, soap and turned on the motor 
and the machine did the work. When the wash was done, the water 
was wrung from the clothes using the hand cranked rollers. 
In 1917, Clarence Birdseye invents the process of freezing food

118 
and begins marketing Birdseye frozen food products. 
In January 1918, the Hearth and Home displayed ads touting 
weight loss programs: 
Reduce Your Fat Now 
We extend this free offer to you, reader, because we want you to 
learn from your own actual experience what Adipo, the new health 
giving fat reducer will accomplish in safely and easily taking off ex- 
cess fat without starving, sweating, ridiculous exercising or other in- 
conveniences to the user. You can eat and grow thin! - We send thou- 
sands of these free trial books around the world. - The Adipo Co. 
New York. 
In 1918, the Luminous Unit Co. of St. Louis, Missouri, placed an 
ad in the Saturday Evening Post to market the Brascolite. The Brascolite 
saturates an atmosphere with light approaching the quality of day- 
light, it is the ideal work-light for every exacting service - in the labo- 
ratory, the drafting room, the library, office, or wherever particular or 
long eye-use is required. “It is better to let electricity wear the eye - 
glasses than to put them on yourself.” 
In 1918, the Cribben & Sexton Company of Chicago, Illinois 
placed an ad with the Saturday Evening Post to market the Universal 
Combination Range that burned natural or artificial gas, coal or wood: 
“You won't have the troubles you now have, if you get a Universal. 
That's because with the Universal Combination Range you can use the fuel 
best suited to cooking, baking or roasting you have to do. For quick baking, 
use gas. For big roasts use coal, or use both coal and gas at the same time, 
if you want to. 
To change fuels, you have only to turn the key little Mary is holding in 
her hand. Turn it one way for baking with gas. Turn it back again for coal. 
There are no parts to change as in ordinary combination ranges. And you 
can't make a mistake, because you have only to turn the key. That’ all!” 
Sold for cash or easy payments. 
In 1919, Charles Strite, an American inventor and mechanic from 
Minnesota patented the pop-up electric toaster. In Strite’s toaster, you

HELLS KITCHEN 119 
push a slice of bread into a slot, where it sits between two heating 
elements. Both sides of the bread are toasted at the same time, and at 
a set time a spring drives the toast popping back out of the slot. The 
toaster has a clockwork timer to ensure the proper toasting time. The 
toaster was sold under the brand name “toastmaster.” 
In 1919, the Kellogg’s Company of Battle Creek, Michigan placed 
an ad in the Saturday Evening Post to market Kelloggs Toasted Corn 
Flakes, that was sold only in flavor-holding ‘waxtite’ packages that 
“won its favor through its flavor.” 
In 1920, the National Lamp Works of the General Electric Com- 
pany of Cleveland, Ohio placed an ad in the Saturday Evening Post 
to market National Mazda Lamps: 
A 1919 photograph of Dr. Wallach’s grandfather in his farmer's market. Note the 
wood stovepipe on the left and the Edison bulb hanging from the ceiling (center).

120 
“Now it is possible to buy store lighting on known standards. The Foot- 
Candle Meter measures exactly the illumination you are actually getting - 
on the counter where the goods are examined and the sales are made!” 
In 1921, Canadian physicians Frederick Banting and Charles Best 
have successfully isolated the pancreatic hormone insulin. Insulin 
was used to treat people with adult onset type II diabetes. They cre- 
ated diabetes in laboratory dogs by tying off their pancreatic ducts. 
They isolated insulin that was produced by the Beta cells of the pan- 
creas, then injecting the hormone into the diabetic dogs, which re- 
sulted in a “cure.” 
In 1923, Albert Calmette, a microbiologist from the Pasteur In- 
stitute in Lille, France, and veterinarian Jean Guerin created and tested 
a vaccine for tuberculosis. The new vaccine, BCG (Bacillus Calmette- 
Guerin) is prepared from a weakened strain of the bovine (cattle) 
tuberculosis bacteria. The vaccine produces a mild infection that in- 
creases the resistance to the human tuberculosis bacteria. 
In 1924, Wilem Einthoven, a Dutch physiologist received the 
Nobel Prize for medicine for inventing the electrocardiograph, a de- 
vice designed to measure the electrical impulses of the heart. It has 
been used to diagnose many different forms of heart disease, irregu- 
lar heartbeat, high blood pressure and thyroid disease. 
The International Harvester Company developed the Farmall trac- 
tor. It is designed to be, as its name implies, an all purpose farm 
tractor that can plow, plant, cultivate and harvest 
During the 1920s, a plethora of electric kitchen appliances ap- 
peared. On December 10, 1927, Hotpoint advertised electric kitchen 
appliances featuring an electric range in a full page Christmas ad in 
The Saturday Evening Post for prices ranging from $2.50 to $65.00. 
In May 1925, the Postum Cereal Company, Ltd. of Toronto, 
Canada placed an ad in the Delineator magazine to market Grape- 
Nuts baked wheat and oat cereal: 
“Can we add years to our lives - increase our strength and vitality - 
overcome our most dreaded diseases by what we eat? Yes, say the foremost 
authorities in the world today.

HELLS KITCHEN 121 
Old age diseases - breaking down of the heart, hardening of the arter- 
ies, disease of the kidneys, nervous and digestive disorders - are developing 
more frequently in younger people with each succeeding decade. 
Death from these diseases has increased 100 percent in 30 years. There 
can be no longer any doubt that our food is one of the most important 
factors contributing to this condition. 
In your choice of food lies the difference between real health - and that 
dangerous condition of low vitality that leads to trouble.” 
In 1925, Dr. George Hoyt Whipple, an American pathologist took 
large amounts of blood from dogs to produce anemia. Whipple fed 
the dogs varying diets to learn how different diets affect the production of red blood cells. He recorded that dogs that ate liver, which is 
rich in iron (and copper, selenium, vitamin B12, vitamin A, vitamin 
C, vitamin D, folic acid and essential fatty acids), formed red blood 
cells more quickly than those that did not. 
In April 1925, the Morton Salt Company of Chicago, Illinois, 
placed an ad in the Woman’s Home Companion to market lodized salt: 
“Now - a new table salt that prevents goiter. Save children! Nature's 
iodine restored - yet tastes no different. 
Goiter, which threatens almost every child, can now be prevented by 
this new salt. 
Now physicians know its cause - an insufficient amount of iodine in 
the thyroid gland of the throat. Give the thyroid the necessary iodine, then, 
disease cannot grip it. 
Watch your children carefully for the signs of goiter - nervousness, 
depression, sluggishness. Then salt their food this new way.” 
In April 1925, the American Stove Company of St. Louis, Mis- 
souri, placed an ad in the Woman’s Home Companion to market the 
Lorain Oven Heat Regulator, which maintains a controlled and timed 
heat, even while you're miles away: 
“The bride of a week can now achieve perfect cooking results with her 
first try, if she uses a time and temperature recipe and a gas range equipped

122 
with the famous Loraine Oven Heat Regulator. 
Don't forget to ask the dealer about the unique Lorain Oven Method of 
Canning, and about cooking whole meals in the oven while you’re miles 
away.” 
In 1928, Joseph Schick invents the electric razor. 
In 1928, Alexander Fleming, a Scottish bacteriologist working in 
St. Mary’s Hospital Medical School in London, discovers a penicillin 
mold that kills bacteria. One morning, he noticed that a mold had 
contaminated one of his bacterial cultures and was preventing the 
bacteria from growing. He identified the mold as Penicillium notatum, 
and called the antibacterial substance it produced “penicillin.” 
Fleming isolated the mold, he grew a pure culture of it in a broth 
- after a few days he was able to prove that the growth medium had 
acquired the ability to kill a large range of Gram-positive disease 
causing bacteria. 
In 1928, Albert Szent-Gyorgyi, an American biochemist found 
that capsicum or cayenne peppers are rich in vitamin C. 
In 1928, Hugh Hammond Bennett published a U.S. Department 
of Agriculture Circular: 
“Thief of the Fertility of His Soil” 
“Not less than 126,000,000,000 pounds of plant food material re- 
moved from the fields and pastures of the United States every year. Most of 
this loss is from cultivated and abandoned fields and overgrazed pastures 
and ranges. The value of the plant food elements (considering only phos- 
phorus, potash, and nitrogen) in this waste, as estimated on the basis of the 
chemical analysis of 389 samples of surface soil, collected throughout the 
United States, and recent selling prices of the cheapest forms of fertilizer 
materials containing these plant nutrients, exceeds $2,000,000,000 an- 
nually. Of this amount there is evidence to indicate that at least 
$200,000,000 can be charged up as a tangible yearly loss to the farmers of 
the nation. These calculations do not take into account the losses of lime, 
magnesia, and sulfur.”

HELLS KITCHEN § 123 
In 1930, Otto Frederick Rohwedder, an American jeweler per- 
fected a bread slicing and wrapping machine. He had actually in- 
vented the bread slicing machine in 1912, however, the inability to 
wrap the bread mechanically delayed marketing the machine. 
In 1931, Paul Kerrer, a Swiss chemist, establishes the structure 
and function of vitamin A. 
On October 18, 1931 Thomas Edison died at the age of 84 as 
a result of gastric ulcers, Bright’s disease (kidney failure with 
protein in the urine), uremia and diabetes. It is ironic that the 
man whose electrical technology started the downward path of 
the health of Americans and people in the industrialized world, 
should die of diabetes himself. 
We learned that adult onset type II diabetes could be “pre- 
vented and cured” with simple mineral supplement programs in 
1957. The minerals that had sustained us and had prevented 
diabetes, were originally obtained from the wood ash product of 
the kitchen and heating fires - Edison’s electrical world had elimi- 
nated the traditional source of dietary minerals universally used 
by humans. 
In 1932, Charles Glen King, an American chemist isolated vita- 
min C from lemon juice; it had long been known (since James Lind) 
that citrus fruit could prevent and cure scurvy; a vitamin C defi- 
ciency disease. 
In 1933, Tadeus Reichstein has become the first to produce a 
vitamin synthetically in the laboratory, and his “artificial form of vitamin C is identical to the natural one.” 
The first all-electric, automated tea-maker, the Teasmade, is in- 
troduced in Great Britain. 
A carbonated drink, 7 up, formally marketed as Lithiated Lemon 
is introduced in America. 
In 1936, the U.S. Senate entered into the record (as U.S. Sen- 
ate Document No. 264) a reprint of an article from Cosmopoli- 
tan magazine, which stated, “Our physical well-being is more 
directly dependent upon the minerals we take into our systems 
than upon calories or vitamins, or upon the precise proportions 
of starch, protein or carbohydrates we consume.”

124 a 
The document’ authors went on to state: 
“Do you know that most of us today are suffering from certain 
dangerous diet deficiencies which cannot be remedied until depleted 
soils from which our food comes are brought into proper mineral 
balance? 
The alarming fact is that foods (fruits, vegetables and grains) now 
being raised on millions of acres of land that no longer contains 
enough of certain minerals are starving us - no matter how much of 
them we eat! 
This talk about minerals is novel and quite startling. In fact, a 
realization of the importance of minerals in food is so new that the 
text books on nutritional dietetics contain very little about it. Never- 
theless, it is something that concerns all of us, and the further we 
delve into it the more startling it becomes. 
You'd think, wouldn't you, that a carrot is a carrot - that one is 
about as good as another as far as nourishment is concerned? But it 
isn’t; one carrot may look and taste like another and yet be lacking in 
the particular mineral element which our system requires and which 
carrots are supposed to contain. 
Laboratory tests proved that the fruits, the vegetables, the grains, 
the eggs, and even the milk and the meats of today are not what they 
were a few generations ago (which doubtless explains why our fore- 
fathers thrived on a selection of foods that would starve us!). 
No man today can eat enough fruits and vegetables to supply 
his stomach with the mineral salts he requires for perfect health, 
because his stomach isn’t big enough to hold them! And we are 
starting to turn into big stomachs! 
No longer does a balanced and fully nourishing diet consist merely 
of so many calories or certain vitamins or fixed proportion of starches, 
protein and carbohydrates. We know that our diets must contain in 
addition something like a score of mineral salts. 
It is bad news to learn from our leading authorities that 99% of 
the American people are deficient in these minerals, and that a marked 
deficiency in any one of the more important minerals actually results 
in disease. Any upset of the balance, any considerable lack of one or -

HELLS KITCHEN 125 
another element, however microscopic the body requirement may 
be, and we sicken, suffer and shorten our lives. 
We know that vitamins are complex chemical substances which 
are indispensable to nutrition, and that each of them is of impor- 
tance for normal function of some special structure in the body. Dis- 
order and disease result from any vitamin deficiency. 
It is not commonly realized, however, that vitamins control the 
body’s appropriation of minerals, and in the absence of minerals they 
have no function to perform. 
Lacking vitamins, the system can make some use of minerals, 
but lacking minerals, vitamins are useless.” 
Several pivotal things were happening concurrently at this 
point in time regarding the health of Americans and the entire 
industrialized world as well: 
1) Great numbers of people moved off the land and family 
subsistence farms and moved into towns and cities to work 
in factories for cash wages. 
2) Urban families had eagerly shifted their kitchens and 
homes from wood (and coal) as a fuel for cooking and 
heating to electrical, oil, gas and propane appliances - there 
were no longer any ash byproducts to put in our gardens 
and mix with our food and table salt. 
3) Large specialized farms and orchards growing wheat, corn, 
rice, soybeans, citrus and fruit used simple NPK 
(nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium) fertilizers for 
maximum yields - few people put wood ashes in their 
gardens anymore. Gardens had become a toy of the 
serious hobbyist, rather than an important source of food 
and minerals for the average American. 
4) World War II was on the horizon, technology's star was 
rising, infectious diseases were being wiped out by

126 
sewage systems, clean water and improved personal 
hygiene and antibiotics. 
5) Travel was easy, just about every family had a car; 
commercial bus, train and even air travel was cheap and 
widely available; gasoline was 12 cents per gallon. 
In December 1937, the Edison General Electric Appliance Com- 
pany of Chicago, Illinois, placed an ad in the Ladie’s Home Journal to 
market the Hotpoint Electric Range: 
“This year, in homes all over the land, women are going to receive the 
priceless gift of freedom! Freedom from long hours of kitchen toil. Freedom 
from pot-watching, from scouring soot-blackened pans and kettles, and 
from cooking failures. 
Day after day, for years to come, this new Hotpoint Range can be a 
source of joy and contentment in your home! It’s modern - never smudges 
kitchen walls and utensils. And with the help of the amazing Chef's Brain” 
(automatic timer clock) it actually cooks whole meals without any super- 
vision!” 
In 1938 fluorescent lamps were made available in the United 
States, delivering a low voltage to gas-discharge lights - they produce 
approximately four times as much light. The fluorescent lamp is made 
from a glass tube about two feet long and does not contain a classical 
filament typical of an incandescent bulb - instead the inside of the 
tube is coated with phosphor and filled with mercury vapor. This 
new tube produces invisible ultraviolet light in an electrical discharge 
- as a result the phosphor fluoresces, or turns the ultraviolet light 
into visible white light. Thomas Edison's General Electric Company 
had worked on this new development since 1934. 
A new home use steam iron was marketed by Edmund Schreyer 
of Ridgefield, CT. Schreyer’ iron used a jet of steam to dampen the 
clothes as the clothes were pressed. The new iron was fitted with an 
adjustable thermostat - one need only to set the required heat for the 
type of fabric and the iron maintained the temperature.

HELLS KITCHEN 127 
The Swiss company Nestle begins to market a successful instant 
coffee. 
The first hip replacement operation was performed in humans in 
1938. 
In 1939, DDT was rediscovered by Paul Herman Muller, a Swiss 
chemist who discovered DDTS pesticide potential. During World War 
Il, DDT was used to kill fleas and head and body lice. DDT killed 
insects and bugs in two ways - by simple contact on any part of the 
insect and secondly when the insect consumes the chemical. After 
World War Il DDT was employed world wide as a crop spray. 
In November 1940, The American Home displayed a General Elec- 
tric ad for the electric sink: 
General Electric 
Electric Sink 
1. Washes all the dishes! 
2. Disposes of all garbage! 
“It's easy to stay young electrically!” 
By 1940, the electric garbage disposal had all but eliminated 
household kitchen generated compost. 
In 1940, Howard Florey and Ernst Chain, two Oxford University 
scientists have isolated and purified, from a species of mold, an anti- 
bacterial substance that they hope will become a useful drug. The 
drug, “penicillin,” is able to kill infectious bacterium inside the liv- 
ing body. Their discovery of penicillin followed an investigation to 
identify naturally occurring antibacterial substances. They quickly 
came across Alexander Fleming’ 1928 work on penicillin and the 
small scale production of the drug. 
Vincent Du Vigneaud, an American biochemist, identifies the 
sulfur-containing vitamin - biotin. 
In 1941, a revolutionary type of farm was to cover the country- 
side - windmills that generate electricity. For centuries windmills had 
been used to generate power, however, the energy of the wind was 
transformed directly into mechanical energy to grind grain, pump

128 
water and pull loads uphill. In the 1890s, P. LaCour, a Danish engi- 
neer, patents a system of sails that were rigged to a steel tower to 
power an electrical generator. Smith and Putnam, two American en- 
gineers, replaced the sail design with propeller blades similar to those 
that power an airplane - the windmill was first erected at “Grandpa’s 
Knob” in Vermont, ushering in an environmentally friendly, renew- 
able source of electricity. 
On December 7, 1941 the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor, de- 
stroying battleships of the American 7th Fleet and killing almost three 
thousand sailors, marines and soldiers. We were at war and no one 
was thinking of vitamins and minerals. 
In 1942, the U.S. government set up the Manhattan Project which 
was commissioned to invent the technology required to build an 
atomic bomb before Nazi Germany did. The goal was reached in 
three years, at a cost of $2 billion dollars (today’s dollars would be 
$200 billion). 
In 1943, Selman Waksman, an American biochemist, discovered, 
Streptomycin, a new antibiotic that is highly effective in killing Gram- 
negative bacteria and the tuberculosis bacillus. 
Streptomycin is a natural substance extracted from the mold, Strep- 
tomyces griseus. A mixture of penicillin and streptomycin will be com- 
monly used as a “broad spectrum” antibiotic to kill both Gram-posi- 
tive and Gram-negative bacteria. 
In 1945, the citizens of Grand Rapids, Michigan were subjected 
to an experiment sponsored by the U.S. Surgeon General: fluoride 
was added to the drinking water supply to determine whether or not 
it reduces dental caries or cavities. Earlier, in 1936, Dr. H. Treadly 
Dean, head of the dental hygiene unit at the NIH, speculated that by 
adding fluoride to the drinking water in “safe levels,” one might fight 
tooth decay. 
The most potent weapon known to man, the nuclear bomb, was 
used to end the war in the Pacific. Allied scientists, led by Edward 
Teller, Enrico Fermi, and J. R. Oppenheimer, had been working since 
1941 to develop a nuclear device ahead of the Germans. A small 
plutonium device was exploded on July 17, in the New Mexico desert. 
Following calls for the Japanese to surrender, on August 6, a single

HELLS KITCHEN 129 
uranium bomb “Little Boy,” was air burst 900 feet above the city of 
Hiroshima. Analysts, estimate that half of the cities 350,000 popula- 
tion would be dead by the end of the year as a result of radiation 
exposure. Three days later, an American B-52 bomber air burst a 
plutonium nuclear bomb, nicknamed “Fat Man,” 1,650 feet above 
the city of Nagasaki, causing enormous infrastructure damage and 
killing an estimated 70,000 people. 
Pillsbury introduced it’ first “ready to cook” boxed convenience 
food - a ready mixed pie crust. 
In February 1945, Ovaltine placed an ad in the Ladie’s Home Jour- 
nal to market Ovaltine: 
“Authorities agree - vitamins do you more good in combination with 
certain other food elements. 
If taking vitamins doesn’t seem to be doing you as much good as you 
hoped - this may be the reason. Authorities now know vitamins do not 
work alone! They work as a team with certain other food elements (miner- 
als). Therefore scientists, doctors, nutritionists are urging “Take your vita- 
mins in - food for best results! 
For this reason, thousands are switching to Ovaltine. Unlike mere “vi- 
tamin carriers” - Ovaltine contains not only extra vitamins, but nearly all 
the precious food elements necessary for peak vitality. Especially those food 
elements needed for vitamin teamwork. 
For example, vitamin D, calcium and phosphorus must work together 
- and you get them all in a glass of Ovaltine made with milk. Vitamin A 
and protein act together in cell-building, and they’re both in Ovaltine. Vi- 
tamin B1 and fuel-food are both necessary for sparkling vitality - and 
they’re combined in Ovaltine.” 
In 1946, Linus Pauling, the renowned American chemist came 
up with a theory on how enzymes work - enzymes are proteins that 
do work by causing chemical reactions within living organisms. Ac- 
cording to Pauling, enzyme activity is related to the shape and these 
three dimensional shapes are related to the “activated complexes,” 
that form briefly during chemical reactions during the course that 
the reacting substances were turning into products.

130 
In 1947, the first microwave ovens were marketed in the United 
States, however, sales were initially far less than had been hoped for. 
In 1949, General Mills and Pillsbury began to market packaged 
ready made cake mixes (“Ready-made cake mixes provide home- 
made cakes without the work”) with all of the dry ingredients in a 
box and in various flavors including chocolate, yellow, and white 
fudge. One only needed to add water, eggs, and sometimes butter. 
By the 1950s just about 100 percent of urban kitchens in the 
industrialized nations had an electric, natural gas or propane stove 
and home heating furnace; just about seventy five percent of rural 
homes in industrialized nations had an electric, gas or propane stove 
and home heating furnaces. 
Wood ashes were pretty much an inconvenience of the past, no 
more wood ash dust, no more spilled ash buckets, no more getting 
up early to rekindle the fire. Everyone marveled how wonderful life 
was without ashes. 
The average family was overjoyed to give up the drudgery of deal- 
ing with the ash byproduct of the “old fashioned” kitchen and heat- 
ing furnace or fireplace. However, they had unknowingly and even 
eagerly given up something so basic to human health and life itself - 
it had been hidden in plain sight, the lowly kitchen ashes! 
We were now without the constant stream of nutritional miner- 
als in our diets that wood, peat and kelp ashes had provided for tens 
of thousands of years - we were now rushing headlong, metaboli- 
cally naked toward the pandemics of obesity, diabetes, the Metabolic 
Syndrome, osteoporosis, arthritis and Alzheimer’s disease of the 20th 
and 21st centuries - and no one recognized the insidious loss! No 
One!

HELV’S KITCHEN 131

ey

Chapter 9 
“T die by the help of too many physicians; it was the crowd of physi- 
cians that killed me.” 
Alexander the Great, on his death bed. 
“What sort of doctor is he, Asked the first (woman)? The second 
(woman) responded, Oh, well, I don’t know very much about his ability, 
but he’s got a very good bedside manner.” 
A Punch cartoon, 1884 
“There are more things in heaven and earth...than are dreamt of in 
your philosophy.” 
- Hamlet, Shakespeare 
The Vitamin Wars 
Before written history, health care started out as a “family prac- 
tice” - it was the mom, the dad, the grand mother, the grandfather, 
the aunt, the cousin, maybe a neighbor who was a self appointed 
healer, the nun or the pastor that held the childs hand, bandaged 
their wounds, soothed their fevered brow, mixed and dosed the herbs 
and applied the poultices. 
The natural progression from the family dispensing health care 
to its own members to the “angels of mercy” from religious sects 
going out and doing “good works” for the aged, the poor and reli- 
gious pilgrims was a predictable series of events as bands became 
tribes, villages became towns and collections of towns became king- 
doms and nations.

[os 
In the beginning of human development, these concerns about 
health were driven by the individuals desire to survive and true al- 
truistic religious and scholarly motivations. However, as religions 
became entwined with the infrastructure and personalities of gov- 
ernments, kings and empires, public medicine previously driven al- 
most exclusively by scholarly, religious and altruistic motivations, 
became part of the power structure and filled with, intrigue, greed 
and driven by ego. 
Chemistry became a powerful science in the development of clini- 
cal medicine during the 1800s. The pursuit of chemistry and bio- 
chemistry as related to health and disease led to the theory that cer- 
tain diseases could be viewed as deficiency diseases, caused by the 
lack of vital elements in the diet. 
The biochemical theory, now finding it’s way into the medical 
school, that disease could be caused by a “deficiency” was a signifi- 
cant shift in paradigm. “Disease is so generally associated with posi- 
tive (causative) agents - the parasite, the toxin, the materies morbi,” 
noted a report in 1919, “that the thought of the pathologist turns 
naturally to such positive (causative) associations and seems to be- 
lieve with difficulty in causation prefixed with a minus sign.” 
Among the diseases to which this new and novel concept could 
be applied was marasmus or starvation in babies in poor areas (muscle 
wasting, fat loss, and significant loss of body weight). Another was 
Kwashiorkor, found in tropical Africa, characterized by muscle wast- 
ing and edema, enlarged liver, diarrhea and lassitude. 
In 1755, Gaspar Casal (1680-1759), published an account of 
pellagra (a vitamin B3 deficiency), then “a new disease” in Spain. 
Pellagra is characterized by the “Three D’s” including dermatitis (“a 
horrible crust, dry, scabby...crossed with cracks”), diarrhea, dementia and premature death - this disease flared up each Spring. 
Casal noticed that pellegra’s victims were poor and that corn meal 
was their staple food and they had little or no access to meat or milk. 
The same problem of pellagra existed in the poor people of Italy. 
Various theories were offered for the cause of pellagra, the main 
one was the limited diet of corn. “Maize” was a New World plant that 
had been brought back to the Mediterranean area of Europe by the ©

HELL'S KITCHEN 135 
Spanish Conquistadores. A French physician writing in 1845 sug- 
gested that the “predisposing” cause of pellagra was a diet with “too 
few animal products” and that the “efficient” cause was bad maize. 
In 1865, a Mexican doctor, pointed out that pellagra was not a 
problem in Mexico even though maize was the staple food of the 
peasant. He believed the reason pellagra was avoided in Mexico was 
“in the habit of soaking the maize in wood ashes before cooking, 
which had a disinfectant effect.” By contrast the European method of 
baking corn mush to polenta, “left it contaminated with moulds and 
toxins.” 
Some theorized that pellagra was an insect borne disease like 
malaria and yellow fever, carried by flies from the feces of pellegrans 
to the meals of future victims. 
Hungarian-born Joseph Goldfinger (1874-1929), of the U.S. Pub- 
lic Health Service, observed that in orphanages and mental asylums, 
where the “inmates” developed pellagra, the staff (naturally eating a 
wider variety of food) escaped the disease. When eggs and milk were 
added to the diet of the affected individuals, pellagra disappeared. 
Goldfinger started a prisoner volunteer test in which he fed the 
participants only corn meal, when dermatitis developed, he theo- 
rized that pellagra was due to “a lack of dietary factors.” 
In the early 20th century, pellagra was so common in the south- 
eastern part of the U.S., 20,000 cases were reported in Georgia alone 
during it’s peak - the affected patient’s diet’s were all limited to corn 
and pork fat. A system of federal “retardation centers” was estab- 
lished for isolating pellagra patients, who were thought to be infec- 
tious in a similar fashion to tuberculosis. 
In 1849, Thomas Addison reported the existence of a hitherto 
unknown fatal anemia, that was eventually called pernicious anemia 
- it was characterized by a low red blood cell count, but the cells that 
were observed were enlarged red blood cells. Vitamin B12 was eventually identified as the missing essential nutrient, however, there was 
another feature unique to pernicious anemia - the stomach had to 
produce two important substances: 1) stomach acid and 2) an acid 
dependent cofactor known as “intrinsic factor” - without either or 
both vitamin B12 could not be absorbed.

136 
It was learned that vitamin B12 injections could, by bypassing 
the stomach be utilized to prevent and cure pernicious anemia. Stom- 
ach acid substitutes (i.e. - betaine HCl) could be used as a supple- 
ment to activate intrinsic factor and encourage the absorption of vi- 
tamin B12. 
Beriberi (Sinhalese for “I cannot”), was a common disease in the 
Asian rice cultures. Beriberi was characterized by a weakness in the 
legs, hands, arms and congestive heart failure - death resulted from 
pulmonary edema and abdominal “dropsy.” 
In 1882, a Japanese naval vessel was sent on a long training tour 
with a starting crew of 275 sailors. Sixty percent of the crew devel- 
oped beriberi and twenty five died. Dr. Takaki (1849-1915), a Ger- 
man trained naval surgeon noted that the protein content of their 
diet was far below the German standard, he quickly proposed that 
the protein content be increased. 
On a second voyage the next year, Takaki, modified the sailor's 
diet by exchanging half of the rice with barley and he added, milk, 
beef and tofu (soy curd) - beriberi did not appear and no deaths 
occurred. Takakiy reported that he had prevented beriberi by increas- 
ing the protein in the diet. 
In the 1890s, Christiaan Eijkman, a Dutch physician and the 
director of the research laboratory in Batavia, Jakarta, was also over- 
whelmed with beriberi cases. It was theorized that beriberi was due 
to a bacterial infection, so an army of bacteriologists were sent from 
the Netherlands to identify the germ. Eijkman noticed the hospital 
chickens developed polyneuritis (beriberi) when they were fed the 
same white rice that was being eaten by the people with beriberi, 
instead of their standard brown rice chicken feed. 
When Eijkman fed whole brown rice to the affected chickens 
they quickly recovered - he theorized there was a toxin in the pol- 
ished white rice and that the antidote was in the polishings or rice 
bran. 
Eijkman’s colleague, Gerrit Grijns (1865-1944), had a different 
theory - he believed that there was “some essential substance in the 
rice that was being destroyed by heat,” he proposed that, “both dis- 
eases (fowl polyneuritis and human beriberi) were due to the ab- ~

HELVS KITCHEN 137 
sence from the diet of some factor present in the rice polishings.” 
Eijkman mailed a questionnaire to all of Java’s prisons, inquiring 
on the incidence of beriberi, the physical environment and the diet. 
The questionnaire revealed no relationship between the rate of beri- 
beri and the environment, however, the disease was a significant prob- 
lem in seventy one percent of the prisons using white rice and only 
three percent in those using rough rice. 
In 1906, Axel Holst (1860-1931), an Oslo bacteriologist was sent 
to study beriberi, which had become a problem in Norwegian sail- 
ors. In a simple experiment he fed guinea pigs on different kinds of 
_ flower - the entire population of guinea pigs died in thirty days. He 
further found that by simply adding cabbage or lemon juice supple- 
ments to their diet the guinea pigs all flourished and avoided the 
disease. 
The same year, Frederick Gowland Hopkins (1861-1947), of 
Cambridge, fed young rats on casein, lard, starch, sugar and salts 
(minerals) -supposedly everything essential to health. He added milk 
to the diet of one subgroup and found that “only those receiving the 
milk thrived.” “Astonishingly small amounts of certain substances in 
food, accessory food factors, were essential” he concluded, “for the 
body to utilize protein and energy for growth.” The key to nutrition, 
he concluded, “lay in these missing links!” 
In 1912, Casimir Funk (1884-1967), a Polish born biochemist, 
advanced the deficiency theory, by isolating the active substances in 
rice bran that would prevent beriberi. He named these dietary fac- 
tors or missing link “vital amines” (later shortened to vitamins in 
1920 when it was learned that not all vitamins were amines). 
Funk went on to link vitamin deficiencies to beriberi, scurvy, 
pellagra and rickets. The theoretical basis for nutritional supplemen- 
tation had finally been scientifically established. 
The “deficiency” theory was beginning to collect a weight of evi- 
dence and take on a shape that all could understand. All facts were 
pointing to the “likelihood that scurvy, beriberi, pellagra and rickets 
could be caused by dietary deficiencies” of essential factors in the 
diet! 
Rickets was a disease described in the 17th century by Francis

138 
Glisson - it had become wide spread and a significant problem in the 
industrializing cities using coal as a fuel. In 1890, Theobald A. Palm 
reported on rickets - “It is in the narrow alleys, the haunts and play- 
grounds of the children of the poor, that the victims of rickets are to 
be found in abundance” - he recommended sunlight to prevent and 
reverse rickets. 
In 1900, it was estimated that in Boston eighty percent of the 
children “under two, and twenty five percent of the children from 
poor families demonstrated signs of rickets.” Dr. David Paul von 
Hansemann (1858-1920) of Berlin, believed rickets was due to a 
lack of fresh air, sunlight and exercise. 
Edward Mellanby (1884-1955) induced rickets in puppies by 
feeding them diets lacking a factor found in certain animal fats. Supple- 
menting the puppies with cod liver oil prevented and reversed the 
rickets. Mellanby attributed rickets to a deficiency of a fat soluble 
factor he called vitamin A. By then various researchers demonstrated 
that rickets could be prevented and cured by exposing the sufferer to 
sunlight or by supplementing with cod liver oil. 
In April 1912, Professor A. von Wasserman of Berlin, reported in 
Popular Mechanics magazine that he had identified “a chemical sub- 
stance (selenium) that will cure cancer in mice.” He combined sele- 
nium with eosin, a diffusible stain, in order to ensure dispersal of the 
trace mineral and then injected the mixture into the mice - the tu- 
mors were destroyed. 
Wasserman believed the “tumors in mice were so similar to the 
tumors in humans, that it is believed that an important advance had 
been made toward the cure of that veritable scourge (in humans).” 
In 1922, it was established that the original vitamin A consisted 
of two separate factors. The original growth factor retained the name 
vitamin A, while the anti-rachitic factor was designated vitamin D. 
The fortification of milk with vitamin D soon followed in the United 
States. 
In 1922, it was shown that when weanling rats were fed on a 
milk diet, they grew to maturity in a normal way, but they were usu- 
ally sterile - the deficiency of a fertility factor was immediately theo- 
rized. Herbert McLean Evans (1905-1983), of the University of Cali-

HELLS KITCHEN 139 
fornia, and Katherine Scott Bishop (1889-1976), showed that the 
fertility factor was abundant in green leafy vegetables and wheat germ. 
The fertility factor was fat soluble but not related to any other vitamin so it was called vitamin E. 
It was well documented since the 18th century work of Dr. James 
Lind, that several food items could ward off and cure scurvy. The 
19th century pathologist, August Hirsch (1817-1894) identified po- 
tatoes as anti-scorbutic, and then there were the doctors in the Lon- 
don hospitals who had identified scurvy in children, treated them 
with diets of meat, milk and citrus juices. Scurvy was accidentally 
induced in guinea pigs in 1906 by Axel Holst, Theodor Christian 
and Brun Frolich while attempting to produce beriberi by giving an 
all flour diet. 
Funk theorized that scurvy was a vitamin deficiency and a series 
of experiments were set up to isolate and identify it. During the in- 
vestigative process it was found that many foods could prevent and 
reverse scurvy, however, some in particular (apples, lemon juice and 
cabbage) lost their anti-scorbutic effects when they were heated. 
During World War I, scientist, including Harriet Chick (1875- 
1977) at the Lister Institute in London, started a series of studies to 
determine the anti-scorbutic properties of various foods. Arthur 
Harden (1865-1940) was able to isolate citric and other acids from 
lemon juice, including a residue that had an exceptionally high anti- 
scorbutic property that was not found in the other acids isolated 
from lemon juice. 
In 1919, the anti-scorbutic factor had been universally accepted 
as an essential nutrient. Albert Szent-Gyorgyi (1893-1986), isolated 
“hexuronic acid” from the adrenal glands. In 1932, W. A. Waugh and 
Charles Glen King (1896-1988) isolated the “lemon vitamin” and 
demonstrated that it was identical to hexuronic acid. 
In 1932, this vitamin (vitamin C) was synthesized by Szent 
Gyorgyi - in 1933 the vitamin’s name was officially changed to ascor- 
bic acid. 
The concept that certain diseases (i.e. - scurvy, pellagra, beriberi, 
rickets, pernicious anemia, anemia, goiter, etc,) were caused by defi- 
ciencies was initially a novel thought, a really earth shaking thought,

140 
however, it was initially a toy for but a few scholars, military physi- 
cians and philosophers - these beliefs of “deficiency diseases” started 
after Lind in the 1700s, who believed that the healing power of lem- 
ons for scurvy was as an herbal medicine, the same concept as using 
quinine to treat malaria. 
Yet, the concept of “deficiency” diseases, hung on and produced 
a flurry of academic activity and discovery over the next 200 years. 
These 200 years were but a minor blip in the time line of human 
history - 30,000 years had passed since humans had developed the 
basic skills for the survival of modern man. 
These deficiency disease studies set off a new war between 
the various schools of medical thought and theory - a 200 year 
war that continues on into the 21st century, because medicine as 
a professionghas lost it’s altruism for seeking cures and there are 
no laws requiring doctors to cure people even when cures are 
available - so they don’t. 
The “sick man” it is said, “was to have dropped below the radar 
of the medical eye with the advent of the private clinic about 1800 - 
when the individual person was first given the generic label of pa- 
tient,” - a pathological sample or classroom exhibit riddled with dis- 
ease. This Houdini-like “disappearing act” of the sick person acceler- 
ated over the next 200 years, relegating the individual to an algebraic 
“X-factor” in equations of economics, sociology, physicians life styles, 
diagnostic technology, system’ analysis and advertising programs. 
Twentieth century medicine became identified with mind twist- 
ing political and social infrastructures and brick and mortar hospital 
structures and campuses that rivaled the most grand sky scrapers, 
medical universities, professional trade organizations that took on 
the look and functions of trade unions, international insurance con- 
glomerates, pharmaceutical company’s sales that surpassed most in- 
dividual nation’s gross national product, hospitals acting as teaching 
laboratories, research money generators that siphon funds from es- 
tates and large corporations, government departments (Medicare and 
Medicaid), international banking and corporate largess. 
Medicine developing parallel with organized trades and govern- 
ments was predictably connected by an umbilicus to political power, .

HELLS KITCHEN 141 
economics, central and local governments, the law, social services. 
advertising and the mass media (Dr. Marcus Wellby, MD; Dr. Kildare: 
Dr. Ben Casey; E.R., and advertisements for Vioxx, etc.). 
Once medical schools became part of universities, degrees were 
required to get licenses, medical societies, trade associations and guilds 
were formed, the practice of medicine became a toy almost exclu- 
sively for the wealthy. At this point, the industrial privateers and rob- 
ber barons became interested in the “customer base” that patients 
provided. 
During the transition into the 20th century, “scientific medicine” 
rapidly gained political and financial clout in the United States. The 
Federal bacteriological laboratory attached to the Marine Hospital 
on Staten Island, New York (1866), developed prominence and in 
1930 became the National Institute of Health (NIH) and was moved 
to Bethesda, Maryland. 
Medical research was mainly a function of private financing by 
the “robber barons,” industrialists such as Andrew Carnegie (1835- 
1918), John D. Rockefeller (1839-1937) and his son John Jr. (1874- 
1960), who “laundered” their financial empires through “good works.” 
Scottish-born Carnegie grew his fortune through an iron and steel 
empire. Carnegie was a firm believer in the “Survival of the Fittest” 
and ruthless capitalism concepts, however, he also held that, “a man 
who dies rich, dies disgraced” - therefore, he devoted a great deal of 
his time and energy to philanthropy. 
Carnegie was particularly fascinated with medicine and pharma- 
ceuticals, so he committed himself to medical education and spon- 
sored an investigation by Abraham Flexner (1866-1959) - a retired 
university president - into the status of medical education in America. 
American medical schools had developed in a financially com- 
petitive market, initially depending on the student fees for survival. 
From the early 1800s, hundreds of these profit motivated medical 
schools were opened. These proprietary medical schools were par- 
ticularly attractive to students because they were practical and did 
not require a “pre-medical” education prior to application. 
Sixty two of these myriad§ of schools survived between 1802 
and 1876, as well as eleven homeopathic and four eclectic schools.

142 
Flexner’ initial report, Medical Education in the United States and 
Canada (1910), claimed that quality had been sacrificed for quantity. 
Flexner believed that a good medical education could only be 
provided by reducing the numbers of schools and improving their 
standards for selecting students and staff. Educated at Johns Hopkins 
and the University of Berlin, he was committed to making medical 
schools university departments. He demanded that these new medi- 
cal schools be attached to big city universities to “attract better edu- 
cated students and more clinical material for teaching.” 
Prior to the Flexner report only five medical schools were in- 
volved with research - Harvard, Johns Hopkins, and the Universities 
of Pennsylvania, Michigan and Chicago. 
Flexner was a firm believer that the main requirement for true 
medical progress and education was basic science. He was critical of 
the French system, which he viewed as being too clinical, the En- 
glish system he believed was too decentralized and too clinical, and 
he was particularly disturbed by the American system which he viewed 
as being “grossly commercial.” 
Flexner wanted the medical school to be part of a larger univer- 
sity and have a requirement that medical students should first have 
a degree in the natural sciences. He believed that the “medical school 
of the future should have it’s own biomedical departments to encour- 
age research; it had to have a teaching hospital; stiff entrance require- 
ments for all students; and end with a doctoral degree.” 
Finding the existing laboratory facilities “wretched,” Flexner in- 
sisted that the new medical schools he envisioned have scientific fa- 
cilities unequaled by none. 
Flexner, committed to raising medical school standards, suggested 
that the numbers of American schools be reduced to thirty one, and 
he recommended a system in which students were required to have a 
minimum of two years of college education prior to entry; and that 
the staff must be full time and not practicing physicians. 
The majority of medical schools failed to meet Flexner’ gold stan- 
dard litmus test, which resulted in the closure of forty six colleges in 
ten years, including the homeopathic colleges and medical colleges 
for black and female students.

HELLS KITCHEN 143 
In 1910, 4,400 doctors graduated from medical school and ob- 
tained an M.D. degree, by 1920 these numbers of graduating doctors 
dropped to 3,047, resulting in amongst other things,,an increase in 
the social status and incomes of the new graduates. 
The medical schools that did survive got the message, they dis- 
carded their proprietary ways and they reinforced their relationships 
with hospitals and universities. In return, this new American breed 
of “scientific” medical schools was rewarded with enormous amounts 
of money from the philanthropic coffers of Carnegie and Rockefeller. 
Rockefeller, a devout Baptist who made his multi-millions through 
his oil business, at first channeled most of his giving to what he felt 
were “worthy churches,” and their altruistic endeavors, at the urging 
of others he later gave vast fortunes to endow medical schools. 
One of Rockefeller’s closest advisors was Frederick T. Gates, a 
Baptist minister, who had read William Osler’s textbook, The Prin- 
ciples and Practice of Medicine (1892). Gates was mortified by “how 
few (human) diseases medicine could cure.” Gates convinced 
Rockefeller to invest heavily in scientific medicine as a worthy cause 
for mankind. 
The Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research was established in 
1901- it’s mission was medical and pharmaceutical research, clinical 
practice was strictly forbidden. Abraham Flexner’ brother, Simon 
was appointed director of the institute’s laboratories. Simon Flexner 
went on to isolate the Shigella bacteria as a cause of dysentery. 
Not all schools of thought were supportive of the move to “scien- 
tific medicine.” Many mourned the loss of the clinical focus of the 
old medical schools - in 1933 the well respected pathologist Sir An- 
drew MacPhail (1864-1938) complained: 
“I am well aware that in these days, when a student must be converted 
into a physiologist, a physicist, a chemist, a biologist, a pharmacologist 
and an electrician, there is no time to make a physician of him. This con- 
summation can only come after he has gone out into the world of sickness 
and suffering, unless indeed his mind is so bemused by the long process of 
education in those sciences, that he is forever excluded from the art of 
medicine... In that case he is destined for the laboratory, the professor's

144 
chair, or the consultant's office. What would have happened to Sydenham 
had he been put through this machinery is a problem in infinity which no 
human intelligence is competent to solve.” 
Once third party health insurance entered the scene, the patient 
was no longer the primary focus of the physician. The physician now 
seemingly had a bottomless pit of money available to them and all 
they had to do was learn the insurance codes and start sending in the 
bills - it worked! Physicians now had the perfect world - they were 
respected members of the power elite, even without royal blood lines; 
they had an endless stream of money collected from their customers 
in their behalf by the government (Medicare, Medicaid) and by pri- 
vate insurers; and the law treated doctors differently than they treated 
the general public. 
By the 1920s, doctors had a “license to kill,” they could “bury 
their mistakes,” they were to be sued for malpractice rather than 
be charged with manslaughter or murder when they killed a pa- 
tient; and even more importantly, doctors could crush their com- 
petitors socially, politically and financially without fear of re- 
prisals! They were politically vaccinated against commercial 
equality normally provided by the Sherman Antitrust Act - in 
effect and in their own minds doctors had become omnipotent 
gods. 
Standard Oil and “Ma” Bell were broken up, with the justifica- 
tion of the Sherman Antitrust Act to protect free flow of trade and 
promote competition - after all, competition amongst providers that 
stimulates better products, better pricing and better service, is good 
for the American public and the individual customer. 
Everyone “knows” that chiropractic doctors, naturopathic physi- 
cians, traditional Chinese medical doctors, herbalists, Ayervadic medi- 
cal practitioners, etc. are “quacks” because medical doctors say it is 
SO. 
Patient’ have “character roles” and “cameo appearances” relegated 
to them within the storyline of twenty first century medicine’ grand 
scheme. Depending on who or which department is performing the 
audit or the budget, “patients are listed as demand, costs and ben-

HELLS KITCHEN 145 
efits, input or output, voters, clients and/or consumers of goods and 
services, owners of rights or litigants, the fracture in room number 
110, frozen semen, an embryo or stem cells, a disease or clinical case 
example for students, bars on a budget or cash flow graph, or simple 
income prediction numbers.” According to Roy Porter, author of The 
Greatest Benefit to Mankind: 
“For it’s fans, modern medicine, with it’s microbe-hunters and micro- 
chips, has enabled westerners to escape from the valley of the shadow of 
death, living longer and healthier lives; for critics this is the era of the 
Holocaust and the Gulags, in whose unspeakable outrages doctors and 
psychiatrists were hardly reluctant participants. Scientific medicine may 
be the knights in shining armour or a new body-snatcher.” 
In 1951, Ruben Rausing invented the “Tetra Pak” milk carton; 
soon after the glass milk bottle disappeared. 
Linus Pauling, an American chemist advanced the knowledge of 
proteins. He proposed that proteins consist of “polypeptide” chains 
(formed by smaller units called peptides). These chains contain a 
backbone of carbon and nitrogen atoms, to which other chemical 
units, including atoms of hydrogen and oxygen, are attached. Pauling 
showed how a polypeptide chain can coil up into a helix (3-D spiral) 
- weak bonds between the hydrogen and oxygen atoms in “succes- 
sive” turns of the spiral provide stability. 
In 1952, the first commercial jet service was introduced when 
BOAC flew passengers between London, England and Johannesburg, 
Republic of South Africa. 
In 1953, American James Watson and Englishman Francis Crick, 
found that DNA (deoxyribonucleic acid) the “super molecule” that 
transmits biological information, has a “double-helical” structure, 
made of two intertwined spiral strands of linked chemical units called 
nucleotide bases. 
The 3-D structure was quickly accepted; Pauling had already pro- 
posed the double-helix structure for proteins two years earlier; it was 
sufficiently complex to store a great deal of information; and it was 
simple enough to copy when cells divide.

146 
In 1954, an electric pressure cooker (the original pressure cooker 
was the precursor of the steam engine in the 1700s) was widely mar- 
keted in the United States. 
Dr. Jonas Salk, head of the virus research laboratory at the Uni- 
versity of Pittsburgh, supervised the mass vaccination of American 
children with a chemically inactivated polio virus vaccine. More than 
200 children developed polio as a result of a production error (all 
cases of polio diagnosed in the U.S. after 1982 were caused by the 
oral polio vaccine). 
In 1955 a team of American surgeons successfully performed the 
first kidney transplant. 
The United States launches the USS Nautilus, the first nuclear 
powered submarine, producing a tactical advantage over the Soviets 
in the Cold War. 
In 1956, Dr. Werner Forssman, a German physician and Ameri- 
can Doctors Andre Cournand and Dickson Richards received the 
Nobel Prize in Medicine for developing a practical cardiac catheter 
method for diagnosing cardiovascular disease. Forssman performed 
the first cardiac catheter experiments on himself (1929) using a fluo- 
roscope to monitor the path of the catheter. 
Birth control pills are tested on a massive scale in Puerto Rico. 
Dr. Willem Kolff, a Dutch physician, developed an “artificial kidney” or dialysis machine, which was first employed in the United 
States. Blood from a patient's artery is diverted into the dialysis machine, which looks like a large rotating cylinder or drum. The blood 
enters a cellulose membrane, which is wrapped around the drum. As 
the drum rotates, the cellulose in submerged in a saline solution. The 
membrane allows metabolic wastes to pass out of the blood. The 
blood cells are too large to pass through the membrane. The cleansed 
blood is then pumped back into the patient. 
In 1956, Dr. Carl Binger (1889 - 1976), an American physician 
wrote: 
“Time was, and not so long ago, when the family doctor delivered ba- 
bies and supervised their nursing, their weaning and their teething, when 
he vaccinated them and saw them through their measles and chicken pox.

HELLS KITCHEN 147 
and whooping cough. He told the boy about the facts of life and treated the 
girl for her menstrual cramps. He advised about diet and rest, gave spring 
tonics, clipped tonsils, set a broken arm, reassured father who couldn't 
sleep because of business worries, pulled mother through a case of typhoid 
or double pneumonia, reprimanded the cook who was found, on her day 
out, to have a dozen empty whiskey bottles in her clothes closet, gave ad- 
vice about the young man’s choice of college and profession, comforted 
grandma, who was losing her memory and becoming more and more irri- 
table, and closed grandpa’ eyes in his final sleep. He went on his endless, 
mysterious and incessant rounds leaving in his wake a faint odor of car- 
bolic acid with which he disinfected his beard.” 
“But all that changed,” Binger concluded, “This heroic figure is gone 
from our midst.....Who killed Cock Robin?” 
In 1958, BOAC initiated the first transatlantic jet service with 
eighty four passengers traveling between London and New York. 
Dr. Ian Donald, a professor of gynecology at the University of 
Glasgow, developed the ultrasound diagnostic machine using sonar 
technology originally created to detect submarines. 
In 1959, only twenty years after the production and widespread 
use of antibiotics, some bacteria have begun to show resistance to 
antibiotics. It was discovered that bacteria possess small pieces of 
DNA called plasmids; the plasmids are credited with the resistant 
genes - they replicate themselves and the plasmids pass from one 
bacteria to another when the bacterial cells come into contact. 
In 1959, a Japanese fishing village on the shores of Minamata Bay 
was devastated by 2,500 people being hospitalized and more than 
700 babies being born with catastrophic central nervous system birth 
defects. 
The Minamata Bay disaster was attributed to industrial pollution 
with methyl mercury accumulation in the mud, algae and small fish 
in the bay; the medium sized fish ate the little fish; the large fish ate 
the medium sized fish; and humans ate the large carnivorous fish 
now heavily contaminated with mercury. 
In 1960, U.S. regulatory agencies (FDA, etc.) sought control over

148 
the supplement (vitamin/mineral) manufacturers. Their aim was to 
get supplements classed as drugs - fortunately they failed at the con- 
gressional level, however, the vitamin war is ongoing into the 21st 
century: 
Stage 1 of the war - the FDA identified and targeted the “enemy.” 
In 1961, the FDA stated, “The most widespread and expensive type 
of quackery in the United States today is in the formulation of vita- 
min products, special dietary foods and food supplements.” 
Stage 2- Debunking Four Nutritional Myths as defined by the 
FDA and the AMA in 1961: 
1. All diseases are due to faulty diet. 
Soil depletion and the use of chemical fertilizers 
cause malnutrition. 
3. Modern processing methods and storage removes 
nutritive value from the food. 
4. All people now suffer or will suffer from sub-clinical 
deficiencies. 
In 1962, Rachel Carson, an American scientist and author, pub- 
lishedy Silent Spring, a book that revealed that DDT was dangerous to 
the environment. She demonstrated that DDT not only kills insects, 
but also enters the food chain and had killed millions of birds that 
had either eaten poisoned insects or small food fish. 
Stage 3- Declaring vitamin supplements unnecessary (1963) - 
According to D. G. Cooley, in an article, What is a vitamin? In Today’s 
Health (an AMA publication, April, 1963) “So-called sub-clinical 
deficiencies, by definition do not present clinically detectable symp- 
toms.” “One can eat a bad diet for a long time before frank symptoms 
occur.” “Self-chosen vitamin supplements cannot make up for a thor- 
oughly bad diet that is deficient in many other nutrients.” “Routine 
vitamin supplements cannot be expected to cure a disorder that the 
patient has diagnosed for himself.”

HELLS KITCHEN 149 
Stage 4 - The Government continues it's anti-vitamin campaign 
using “hired guns.” A book specifically written to debunk health claims 
for vitamins and discourage their use was published in 1968. Au- 
thor, D. Takyon, participated in the 1967 senate hearings in Wash- 
ington, D. C. to control the vitamin industry and “made substantial 
additions to the governments case.” Takton died in 1988 at the age 
of fifty six. 
Stage 5 - Forcing the issues - The FDA was the direct cause of 
catastrophic folic acid regulations (1963 - 1996). 
In 1964, vitamin deficiency was, “declared not to pose any major 
public health problems in the U.S.A. 
According to Victor Herbert, M.D. from Harvard Medical School, 
“When all cases of vitamin deficiency reported in the U.S. ina single 
year, are added up, they do not reach the figure of 20,000 (only) 
approximately one tenth of one percent of the population suffered 
from clinical vitamin deficiencies.” 
In 1966, Dr. James L. Goddard, FDA Commissioner, stated “Vi- 
tamin supplements or vitamin pills have little or no practical value to 
the average American. He can easily get the nutrients he needs in 
common foods with only a couple of exceptions, if he gets more than 
he needs, he excretes the excess.” Goddard continued, “Take a look 
at today’s American - bigger, stronger, and healthier than his fore- 
bears of fifty years ago - and you know that these vitamin pill pro- 
moters are talking nonsense.” 
The first published reports linking folic acid deficiency with birth 
defects: 
Franklin, A. L., et al.: J. Biol. Chem.169:427. 1947. 
Nelson, M. M. And Evans, J.: Nutrition. 8:11. 1949. 
Money, I. W,, et al.: Anat. Rev. 120:119. 1949. 
Bair ee WDaaretialGire Ress 2 5448 1054: 
Hubbard, E. D. and Smithells, R. W:: Folic Acid Metabolism and 
Human Embryopathy. The Lancet. 1:1254. 1965.

150 
The FDA should have moved aggressively to institute folic acid 
fortification of foods and make revised recommendations for folic 
acid supplementation no later than 1965. 
The 1965 Rate of Spina Bifida and Anencephaly 
USA - 1/1,000 
New Zealand 1/1,000 
Australia 1/500 
The 1963 restrictions on folic acid remained in place for thirty 
one years - by 1998, and the institution of folic acid supplementation, the spina bifida rate had dropped by twenty percent. 
In 1996, the FDA (being dragged, kicking and screaming to the 
end), finally orders folic acid fortification of flour. 
In 1966, Dr. Joel Wallach, an American veterinary comparative 
pathologist and conservationist, began performing autopsies for The 
Center for the Biology of Natural Systems. The center was estab- 
lished with a multimillion dollar grant from the National Institutes 
of Health and employed the facilities of the St. Louis Zoological Gar- 
dens, Shaw’s Botanical Gardens and the biology department at Wash- 
ington University, St. Louis. 
The project was brought into being as a direct result of the sud- 
den awareness of a possible world wide environmental meltdown as 
a result of industrial and agricultural pollution (i.e. - Minamata mer- 
cury disaster, DDT, etc.). Wallach was recruited as a comparative 
pathologist to look for captive wild species that might be ultra sensi- 
tive to pollution, species that could be used as “a canary in the mine,” 
that would provide an early warning system for a possible industrial 
or agricultural pollution crises. 
In 1967, Goddard abruptly resigned from the FDA - he was not 
to become the head of the “consumer protection and environmental 
Health Service,” - a super agency he was planning to create. 
In 1967, Dr. Rene Favaloro, an American Surgeon from Cleve- 
land, Ohio performed the first coronary artery bypass graft surgery. 
On December 3, 1967, at the Groote Schuur Hospital in 
Capetown, South Africa, a team of surgeons led by Dr. Christian

HELLS KITCHEN 151 
Barnard, transplanted the first human heart. Louis Washkansky, a 
fifty nine year old South African man, became the first recipient of a 
healthy heart removed from a dead donor. 
The first home microwave ovens go on sale. The ovens work by 
bombarding food with ultra-short microwaves. When the microwaves 
strike the food, they cause the water molecules inside to vibrate millions of times per second which generates friction, which produces 
heat that cooks the food “from the inside out.” 
In 1968, pollution is blamed for the “biological death” of Lake 
Erie. Pollution, produced by industrial wastes, lead from leaded fu- 
els, litter and garbage are becoming more important as environmen- 
tal pollutants. Lake Erie, the fourth largest of the North American 
Great Lakes is listed as a “dead lake.” Industrial and municipal wastes 
had been dumped into the lake for decades, resulting in its waters 
being completely polluted. According to the U.S. Department of the 
Interior, 15,000,000 fish died each year in Lake Erie. 
In 1971, Dr. Linus Pauling, double Nobel Prize winner, has sup- 
ported the benefits of supplementing with large doses of vitamin C 
in his book, Vitamin C and the Common Cold. Pauling supported the 
large doses of vitamin C, both for fighting the common cold, but also 
for preventing cancer and heart disease. Many of the benefits of vita- 
min C arises from it’s role in the manufacture of collagen, which is 
involved in the formation of connective tissue, bone matrix, skin 
and blood vessels. Pauling recommends that individuals take 10 - 12 
grams of ascorbic acid or vitamin C each day. 
In 1977, Dr. Joel Wallach, veterinarian and comparative patholo- 
gist, working at the Yerkes Primate Research Center, Atlanta, Geor- 
gia, reports the discovery of the first animal (rhesus monkey) to be 
diagnosed with Cystic Fibrosis (thought by “medical experts” to be a 
simple Mendalian, genetically transmitted disease found only in hu- 
mans). 
At first the scientific world was quick to confirm Wallach’s diag- 
nosis of CE however, when they learned that the disease was caused 
by a congenital deficiency of the trace mineral selenium, Wallach 
was fired with twenty four hours notice. 
Wallach shortly was appointed director of the Laboratory Ani-

152 
mal Colony at St. Louis University - when the director of the Yerkes 
Primate Center learned of Wallach’s new appointment, they contacted 
St. Louis University and he was fired again as he was moving into the 
new office. 
In 1980, Dornier Systems, a West German aerospace company 
has produced the “Lithotripter,” a machine that destroys kidney stones 
by means of focused high frequency sound shock waves. The 
“Lithotripter (from the Greek words meaning “stone” and “crusher”), 
causes the kidney stones to be broken up into sand-sized particles, 
that are easily passed through the urinary system. 
In 1983, Dr. Joel Wallach finishes a 1,000 page reference book, 
The Diseases of Exotic Animals, published by W. B. Saunders, the book 
described therapies and the results of 13,000 autopsies of zoo ani- 
mals - he concluded “every animal and every human being that dies 
of natural causes dies of a nutritional deficiency disease.” 
Wallach continued his pathology investigations, and by 1991 he 
had performed more than 17,500 autopsies in more than 454 spe- 
cies of animals and 3,000 humans - again confirming that “every 
animal and every human being that dies of natural causes dies of a 
nutritional deficiency disease.” 
In 1992, an Earth Summit, the United Nations Conference on 
Environment and Development, was held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. 
It's aim was to examine the negative impact of world wide economic 
development. With 117 heads of state and representatives of 178 
nations attending the meeting, it was the largest gathering of world 
leaders in history. Issues discussed included global warming and mass 
destruction of the Amazonian rainforest, habitat for nearly half the 
world’ species of plants. Countries attending this meeting agreed to 
protect endangered species and to reduce carbon dioxide emissions. 
In 1993, the National Cancer Institute reported the results of a 
five year study on the protective value of antioxidants against cancer. 
The study was done in Henan Province of north-central China. 
After selecting 29,000 people between forty and sixty nine years 
of age, the participants were placed in one of several nutrient inves- 
tigation groups. Retinol, zinc, riboflavin, niacin, vitamin C, molyb- 
denum, selenium beta carotene and vitamin E were compared to a.

HELLS KITCHEN 153 
placebo. 
The investigators reported that, “vitamin C, retinol, zinc, riboflavin, molybdenum and niacin had no statistically significant (protective) effect on cancer deaths after five years.” 
The group that took the combination of beta carotene, vitamin E 
and selenium for five years had dramatically positive results: 13 percent fewer deaths from all cancers, 21 percent reduction in deaths 
from stomach cancer and a 9 percent decrease in deaths from all 
causes. 
In 1994, the September issue of the British medical journal, Lan- 
cet, reported in two featured articles that, “Doctors should take act- 
ing classes so they can at least pretend they’re concerned about their 
patients’ health.” The articles go on to say, “that acting classes should 
be required in medical school so doctors can learn just when to pro- 
vide a perfectly timed compassionate look, or a touch on the hand.” 
In 1996, a Scottish veterinary technician cloned a sheep; he 
“cloned” or copied a genetically identical sheep from a single cell 
taken from it. He transferred the nuclei from a sheep cell into unfer- 
tilized eggs from which the original nuclei had been removed. The 
eggs were replaced into the uterus of the original sheep, resulting in 
the birth of a lamb, named “Dolly.” This proved that adult mamma- 
lian cells contain functional versions of all the genes required to pro- 
duce an entire animal. 
In December 1996, Dr. Larry Clark, of the University of Arizona 
reported on a randomized double-blind study (the “gold standard” 
in medical rsearch) that followed 1,312 people for seven years. Half 
took 200 mcg of selenium daily, the remainder took a placebo. An 
analysis of the data showed that taking selenium slashed the occur- 
rence of prostate cancer by sixty nine percent; colorectal cancer, sixty 
four percent; and lung cancer, thirty nine percent. 
There are no drugs that will reduce the risk of cancer by one 
percent, yet doctors fail to recommend selenium as a cancer risk 
lowering approach for people with a high cancer risk - there is just 
too little money involved, so recommending selenium is just not worth 
their time. 
In 1997, Wyeth Pharmaceuticals pulled Phen-Phen, a weight loss

154 
cocktail, from the market because studies proved that the drugs dam- 
aged heart valves. The drug combination was used as a weight loss 
system by 6 million Americans, and it cost Wyeth $16.6 billion in 
settlements. 
Bayer Pharmaceuticals withdrew it’s cholesterol lowering drug 
Baycol because the drug produced a potentially fatal muscle break- 
down disease called rhabdomyolysis. Bayer settled 2,861 cases out 
of court for $1.1 billion and has an additional 7,577 cases pending 
as of 2004. 
On May 29, 1997, an article in the New England Journal of Medi- 
cine reported that the twenty six year, $30 billion “War on Cancer” 
was an abysmal failure. Despite an injection of an enormous amount 
of money and energy, the death rate from cancer continuously and 
consistently went up. 
In 1997, the Coalition Against Insurance Fraud, reported that 
“the total doctor perpetrated health care industry fraud annually to- 
taled $54 billion nationwide, including $34 billion from Medicare 
and Medicaid.” 
In September 28, 1998, Dr. Lester Mitscher, a chemist from the 
University of Kansas, reported that catechins or EGCGs “are the most 
powerful antioxidants there is.” “EGCG is 100 times more powerful 
than vitamin C in halting oxygen (free radical) damage to DNA and 
twenty five times more effective than vitamin E,” Mitscher reported 
last year. 
On October 1, 1998, an article was published in the Annals 
of Internal Medicine, that pointed out that, in a study of 90,000 
nurses (The Harvard Nurses Health Study), over a period of fif- 
teen years, those that took a multiple vitamin/mineral supple- 
ment daily reduced their risk of colon cancer by seventy five 
percent - not a single medical association took up the informa- 
tion as a proactive recommendation to it’s members, the Ameri- 
can Cancer Society failed to proactively pass on the information 
to the American public and the FDA failed to pass on the infor- 
mation to the general public. 
On November 5, 1998, Dr. Raymond Worrell, Jr., a leukemia 
specialist at Sloan-Kettering and senior author of a study published |

HELLS KITCHEN 155 
in The New England Journal of Medicine, said, “we now know that 
arsenic can safely bring patients with acute promyelocytic leukemia 
into remission.” 
In China, survivors have gone as long as ten years with no return 
of APL after being treated with arsenic. “Based on these highly sensi- 
tive molecular results, treatment with arsenic trioxide appears to ex- 
ceed the effectiveness of any single drug to treat APL,” said Dr. Steven 
Soignet. The arsenic works by selectively killing the cancerous cells 
that cause APL. 
On November 18, 1998, Dr. Wei Zheng of the University of South 
Carolina reported that in a study of 930 women, those who ate their 
beef and pork cooked very well done increased their risk of breast 
cancer by 462 percent over those women who ate their meat cooked 
medium rare - it is not the amount of fat in the diet that counts, but 
rather, how you cook the fat that counts. Burnt animal fat is converted to heterocyclic amines which are extremely powerful carcinogens. 
On January 21, 1999, an article was published in the New En- 
gland Journal of Medicine that showed high fiber diets do not reduce 
the risk of colon cancer. In the Harvard Nurses Health Study that 
reviewed the health data of 90,000 nurses and 50,000 male doctors, 
showed that high fiber diets did not reduce the rate of colon cancer 
by any measurable amount - however, the general increase in the 
rates of dietary fiber consumption by humans increased the reported 
rates of mineral deficiency diseases (i.e. - obesity, diabetes, The Meta- 
bolic Syndrome, The Feedlot Syndrome, high blood pressure, arthri- 
tis, osteoporosis, Alzheimer’s disease, hypothyroidism). 
On March 10, 1999, an article published in the Journal of the 
American Medical Association, that the long held dogma, that high 
dietary fat intake increased the risk of cancer, was false. In a com- 
parison of 90,000 nurses, the Harvard Nurses Health Study com- 
pared the rate of breast cancer in the women consuming less than 
twenty percent of their calories as fat against those that consumed 
more than fifty percent ofjheir calories as fat - the data revealed that 
there was no measurable difference in the rate of breast cancer re- 
gardless of the fat intake.

156 
On September 30, 2004, Merck (the $22 billion per year “Pharma 
Giant”) “voluntarily” withdrew Vioxx, their much vaunted arthritis 
and PMS pain killer, from the marketplace. Between 1999 and 2004, 
as many as 139,000 fatal heart attacks in the United States have been 
attributed to Vioxx prescriptions. 
Merck and the FDA should have withdrawn Vioxx from the mar- 
ket early in 2000 (better yet it should have never been approved in 
the first place), as the earliest of studies clearly demonstrated that 
Vioxx doubled the risk of heart attacks. Twenty million Americans 
used Vioxx, which racked up $2.5 billion in annual sales. 
Merck is looking at $27 billion in settlements and awards for 
damages. “For with Vioxx, Merck and the FDA acted out ofy short- 
sighted and irresponsible self-interest,” wrote Dr. Richard Horton, 
Editor of the British medical journal Lancet. 
David Graham, FDA drug safety reviewer of twenty years, says 
that the American public is “virtually defenseless” with regards to 
post approval safety issues. “What I’m painting is a picture of an FDA 
that is completely insensitive to drug safety,” Graham said. Graham 
went on to say, “the FDA has an inherent conflict of interest that 
triggers denial, rejection and heat when safety questions emerge about 
products it has approved.” 
In Graham's view, drugs he believes require speedy removal from 
the marketplace include: 
1. Meridia, a weight loss drug, that he believes should be taken 
off the market because he believes it doesn’t pass the test, “whether 
its benefits outweigh the risks of higher blood pressure and stroke 
among people taking it” - “I don’t believe Meridia passes that test,” 
says Graham. 
2. Crestor, an anti-cholesterol drug. Graham says, “the govern- 
ment should reevaluate the occurrence of renal failure and other se- 
rious side effects among people taking Crestor.” “there are other meth- 
ods of lowering cholesterol that do not carry the risk of kidney fail- 
ure,” says Graham.

HELLS KITCHEN 157 
3. Accutane, an acne drug that is linked to birth defects, “repre- 
sents a 20 year failure by the FDA and that sales should be immedi- 
ately restricted,” says Graham. 
4. Bextra, a pain killer, “poses the same heart attack and stroke 
risk as Vioxx,” said Graham. 
5. Serevent, an asthma drug “that has shown with 90 percent cer- 
tainty in a long term trial in England, to cause death from asthma,” 
says Graham. “We've got case reports of people dying, clutching their 
Serevent inhaler,” 
Despite one pharmaceutical disaster after another, as of 2004, 
the FDAs position on nutritional health claims for vitamins and min- 
erals had not changed since their inception: 
1. “The general public was not able to understand the subject 
of vitamins and minerals and would make dangerous choices 
if given information, and they might take vitamins and 
minerals instead of prescription drugs.” 
2. “The First Amendment does not apply to the FDA.” 
3. “Pharmaceuticals approved by the FDA are safe and 
effective.” 
To protect the American public from the repressive anti vitamin 
and anti mineral supplement policies of the medical profession and 
the FDA, we decided to change our approach. For decades we had 
tried to win approval for a vitamin and mineral friendly political 
environment by holding up the gold standard of randomized double 
blind studies - we failed like everyone else who had tried because, 
the FDA constantly moved and raised the approval bar. 
We consciously decided to approach the problem from a differ- 
ent perspective - the people’s right to know what information was 
available at the present time. We decided to test the scope of the First

158 
Amendment of the United States Constitution. This unique approach 
was the brainchild of our son Steve Wallach. As a result, we retrained 
our sights on the people’s right to know and hired the best man for 
the job, First Amendment attorney, Johnathan Emord; the following 
is a small part of our First Amendment efforts: 
Legal Resume Before the FDA as of 2004 
M Wallach v. FDA, Case No. 04 CV 0216BIM, U.S. District Court 
for the Southern District of California (Dr. Wallach and Ameri- 
can Longevity, Inc. are co-plaintiffs). The Complaint was filed on 
February 3, 2004. Plaintiffs challenge 21 U.S.C. 343-2 as an 
unconstitutional restraint on speech because it drastically limits 
the circumstances in which dietary supplement companies can 
distribute peer-reviewed literature. 
CSPI v. Thompson, Case No. 03-1962 (RBW), U.S. District Court 
for D.C.. (Co-intervenor/Defendant). Special interest groups 
challenge qualified claims process and application to conventional 
foods. (Dr. Wallach and American Longevity, Inc. asked the court 
to allow us to be defendants because we believed that the FDA 
would not vigorously defend our hard won selenium claim - the 
court agreed and we prevailed). 
Whitaker et al v. Thompson, 248 FSupp.2nd 1 (D.D.C. 2002). 
(Wallach and American Longevity, Inc. Co-Plaintiff) Court granted 
Plantiffs’ Motion for Preliminary Injunction banning FDA 
Suppression of Antioxidants Health Claim. 
Thompson v. Western States Medical Center, 535 U.S. 357 (2002). 
(Co-Amicus) U.S. Supreme Court upheld lower court’s decision 
that Congress’ ban on the advertising of compounded drugs 
violated the First Amendment.

HELLS KITCHEN 159 
Comments Filed to the FDA 
ly Comments on FDAs Advance Notice of Proposed Rulemakings 
(ANPRS) alternatives for regulating qualified health claims in the 
labeling of conventional human foods and dietary supplements. 
(filed February 20, 2004) (Co-Commenter)(Docket No. 2003N- 
0496. ANPR is tied to the CSPI case listed in previous section. 
No. FDA activity on ANPR. 
Comments on Task Force for Consumer Health information for 
Better Nutrition (Co-Commenter), Docket No. 03N-0069: filed 
on 7/9/2003; no FDA activity on matter. 
. Reply Comments on First Amendment issues (Co-Commenter); 
Docket No. 02N-0209; filed on 10/25/2002. No FDA activity on 
matter. 
Comments on First Amendment Issues (Co-Commenter). Docket 
No. 02N-0209; filed 9/12/2002; No FDA activity on the matter. 
Comments on Guidance on Applying the Structure/Function Rule 
(Co-Commenter); No FDA activity on the matter. 
Petitions Filed with the FDA 
a 
d 
Petition for the Modification of Disease Connotations 21 C.ER. 
101.93 to include Structure Function Claims with Disclaimers 
that Eliminate Perceived Disease Connotations (submitted March 
16, 2004)(Sole Petitioner). 
Petition for Health Claims. Lycopene and Tomato-based foods 
containing Lycopene and reduction in the Risk of Certain 
Cancers (sole Petitioner)(filed 1/21/2004); No Docket Assigned 
yet; FDA response on preliminary review due on April 30, 2004. 
Petition for Amended Health Claim. Omega-3 Fatty Acids and

160 
Coronary Heart Disease (Co-Petitioner); Docket No. 03Q-0401; 
filed on 6/23/2003. qualified claim allowed by FDA on 9/8/2004. 
4. Petition for Health Claims; Selenium and Reduction in the Risk 
of Certain Cancers and Selenium and Anticarcinogenic Effects 
(Sole Petitioner); Docket No. 02P-045; filed on 7/10/2002; 
qualified claims approved by FDA on 4/28/2003. 
With these bold “shots across their bow,” we let the FDA know 
that we were serious about getting well documented nutritional health 
information to the American people and the entire world for that 
matter; we took action that they believed that no one would take. 
We lost every battle in the Vitamin War with the FDA before the 
establishment of the DSHEA Act of 1994 and we have won every 
battle since. 
On November 19, 2004 USA TODAY headlines read, “Scientist 
says FDA system “broken.” A Food and Drug Administration scien- 
tist told a Senate committee that the U.S. public is “virtually defense- 
less” against another “terrible tragedy and a profound regulatory fail- 
ure” like Vioxx. 
“It is important that this committee and the American people 
understand that what happened with Vioxx is really a symptom of 
something far more dangerous to the safety of the American people,” 
David Graham, associate director for science and medicine in the 
FDAs Office of Drug Safety, told the Finance Committee. “Simply 
put, FDA and it’s Center for Drug Evaluation and Research are bro- 
ken.” 
In 2004, the USDA added several more foods to the recommended 
antioxidant list including, “red beans, kidney beans, pecans, wal- 
nuts, ground cloves and cinnamon.” 
Scientists praised a new cholesterol regulating compound in blue- 
berries called pterostilbene. In a comparative study with “statin” drugs, 
pterostilbene equaled or exceeded the cholesterol lowering proper- 
ties of the drugs; additionally pterostilbene does not have any nega- 
tive side effects. 
Mexican investigators determined that women who ate high car-

HELLS KITCHEN 161 
bohydrate diets had a significantly higher risk of breast cancer. 
A University of Washington study showed that women who filled 
twenty five or more prescriptions for antibiotics over a seventeen 
year period had double the rate of breast cancer of those who didn’t 
use antibiotics. 
Scientists at the University of California at Santa Barbara and the 
Sansum Medical Research Institute found that some varieties of cin- 
namon have blood glucose lowering properties in adult onset type II 
diabetics. 
The November 29, 2004, featured cover article of Forbes trum- 
peted that: 
Pharma’s New Enemy: 
Clean Living! 
“There’s a backlash building against the cost, risk and side effects 
of medication, and it’s bad news for the pharmaceutical industry.” 
In December 20, 2004, the FDA forces Celebrex, a similar pain 
relieving drug as Vioxx, ads off the market because a double blind 
study showed a 200 percent increase in cardiovascular disease risk. 
In December 21, 2004, the NIH pulled the plug on a study, “test- 
ing whether Celebrex or naproxen would reduce the risk of 
Alzheimer’s disease was halted after researchers noted an increase in 
heart attack and stroke among participants who were taking naproxen 
(Aleve), an over the counter pain reliever on the market for nearly 
thirty years.” 
The study was stopped by the NIH after three years, when it was 
noticed that patients taking naproxen, sold under the brand name 
Aleve, had fifty percent greater incidence of cardiovascular events - 
heart attack or stroke - than patients taking a placebo. 
In December 22, 2004, the Los Angeles Times reported under the 
headline, The National Institutes of Health: Public Servant or Private 
Marketer? - that: 
“Doctors have long relied on the NIH to set medical standards. But

162 
with its researchers accepting fees and stock from drug companies, will 
that change? A continuing investigation by the Times shows an unabashed 
mingling of science and commerce. 
For 15 million Americans, it is a daily ritual: gulping down a pill to 
reduce cholesterol. 
They do it because their doctors tell them to do it. Their doctors, in 
turn, rely on recommendations from the NIH and it’ scientists, such as Dr. 
H. Bryan Brewer Jr. 
Brewer as a leader at the NIH, was part of a team that gave the nation 
new cholesterol guidelines that were expected to prompt millions more people 
to take the daily cholesterol lowering pill. He has also written favorably of 
a specific brand of cholesterol medication, Crestor. What doctors were not 
told for years is this: While making recommendations in the name of the 
NIH, Brewer was working for the companies that (manufacture and) sell 
the drugs. Government and company records show that from 2001 to 2003, 
he accepted $114,000 in consulting fees from four companies making or 
developing cholesterol medications, including $31,000 from the maker of 
Crestor. 
Brewer was far from alone in taking industry’s money: at least 530 
government scientists at the NIH, the nation’s preeminent agency for medical 
research, have taken fees, stock or stock options from biomedical compa- 
nies in the last five years, records show. 
Dr. P. Trey Sunderland III, a senior psychiatric researcher, took 
$508,050 in fees and related income from Pfizer Inc. at the same time that 
he collaborated with Pfizer - in his government capacity - in studying pa- 
tients with Alzheimer’s disease. Without declaring his affiliation with the 
company, Sunderlandg endorsed the use of, Aricept, an Alzheimer’s drug 
marketed by Pfizer during a nationally televised presentation at the NIH 
in 2003.” 
Dr. Abraham Flexner, the author of the Flexner Report in 1910, 
would turn in his grave if he knew what was happening in late 20th 
and 21st century American medicine. Funded by Rockefeller and 
Carnage, Flexner rid America, if only briefly, of money driven medi- 
cine, connected medical schools with universities to encourage sci- 
ence based medicine and medical research, and set up a licensing |

HELLS KITCHEN 163 
system for the protection of the American public. 
Because government doctors are not audited yearly by the GAO 
(Government Accounting Office), they are free to accept enormous 
sums of money from pharmaceutical companies without fear of de- 
tection and punishment. Government doctors accepting fees from 
the industry that they are supposed to police are worse than bad 
cops because their felonious behavior affects everyone. 
When it comes to anti-obesity programs the NIH and the CDC 
have degenerated to collectors of data and money, they are still hold- 
ing onto the simple minded belief that obesity is simply eating too 
much and that exercising and getting on a CR diet will win the day. 
If one throws out the 500 antibiotics from the total of 250,000 
pharmaceuticals that are available to doctors to treat patients, 
this leaves 249,500 prescription drugs still available to doctors. 
Of the 249,500 pharmaceuticals available to doctors to treat pa- 
tients for thousands of diseases including obesity, type II diabe- 
tes and the Metabolic Syndrome, however, not a single one is 
designed to cure a disease - they are all designed to milk the 
individual, private insurance and government insurance programs 
- and all have terrible side effects, many of which are disabling 
or life threatening. 
We have eliminated almost 900 diseases in animals including 
obesity, adult onset type II diabetes and the Metabolic Syndrome with 
simple little nutritional formulas, we have doubled, tripled and qua- 
drupled the animal’ life spans using simple nutritional formulas rather 
than pharmaceuticals - these extraordinary improvements in animal 
health were not accomplished with wonder drugs, stem cells, geneti- 
cally engineered proteins or heart transplants - they were accom- 
plished with simple nutritional supplementation - what a concept!!

164

Chapter 10 
“The low fat message backfired.” 
- Meir Stampfer Harvard Epidemiologist 
The Feedlot Syndrome 
The glut of grain produced by world wide peasant agriculture 
and large scale commercial farming has resulted in a series of mixed 
blessings and the opening of a modern “Pandora’s Box” of “new dis- 
eases.” More food has allowed greater numbers of humans to prolif- 
erate, survive and flourish; however, without the necessary system- 
atic programs of essential nutrient supplementation, hundreds of 
nutritional diseases have become epidemic, many are pandemic, 
immune systems are compromised; the appearance of unfamiliar dis- 
eases has produced mass misery; and extended draught has resulted 
in catastrophic famine. 
Even though the industrial revolution and the electrification of 
the world and their subsequent financial and scientific prosperity 
lifted and advanced some human cultures to dizzy heights, there was 
a painful and costly world-wide price. Industrialization has spread 
poverty, unsanitary conditions, pollution, degenerative diseases (i.e. 
- obesity, diabetes, Metabolic Syndrome, osteoporosis, cardiovascu- 
lar diseases, Alzheimer’s disease, etc.) and the appearance of “new” 
infectious diseases (i.e. - HIV, Ebola, Lasa, Marburg Fever, etc.,) that 
were historically isolated in the jungles of Africa and Asia, are now 
efficiently spread by modern jet transportation far beyond the speed 
and distance capabilities of a mosquito’ wings.

166 
One of the unexpected observations that visitors to the United States 
report is that rich people are skinny and poor people are obese. The 
lower your income, the fatter you are! One out of every four of the 
people with below poverty incomes is obese, by contrast in house- 
holds earning more than $67,000 per year show an obesity rate of 
one out of six - minorities show an obesity rate of one out of three. 
Wealthy people tend to be more educated and educated people 
tend to eat more protein and take more supplements when com- 
pared with the economically stressed. 
If one disregards all other considerations, the “bang for the buck” 
when it comes to calories out of the grocery store, is carbohydrates. 
High carbohydrate, high sugar foods are cheap, tasty, they fill you up 
and they are commonly available. 
In 2004, the University of California, Berkeley, reviewed the diet 
of 4,700 adults and found that soft drinks provide more than seven 
percent of the of the average daily adult intake of calories - the largest 
single source of calories in the American diet. 
Together, soft drinks, alcohol, and sweets (candy), including past- 
ries, account for more than twenty five percent of adult’s calories. 
Add fruit drinks and salty, high carb snacks (chips, cake and cook- 
ies) and the numbers rise to thirty percent. 
Twenty eight percent of Americans live in what is referred to as a 
“food desert,” - urban zones where grocery stores are a twenty to 
thirty minute drive away. People simply go to the local convenience 
store, even though prices are higher and the availability of fresh foods 
is lower. 
The city of Philadelphia initiated a $100 million project to build 
ten supermarkets in the “hoods,” because “you have people who are 
literally distanced out of healthy diets,” says Troy Blanchard, a soci- 
ology professor from Mississippi State University. 
The preached and promoted remedies to obesity in America “are 
very middle class,” says Adam Drewnowski, director of the Center 
for Public Health Nutrition at the University of Washington. “They 
tell you, seek a healthy diet and exercise. Well, if you’re working two 
jobs and living in a trailer, you're in no mood to get home and make 
a salad.”

HELLS KITCHEN 167 
With all of the statistics accumulated, with all of the current busi- 
ness, political and health interest in obesity, how can it be that we 
(Dr. Ma Lan and I) are the only ones who have figured it out! 
On the world stage, we have traded the reputation for being “ugly 
Americans” to being “fat Americans,” people from the other industri- 
alized nations have gone from being “westerners,” to “fat westerners.” 
This process of becoming fat gradually occurred over a fifty to sixty 
year period as we shifted from wood stoves to electrical, gas and 
propane kitchens. 
This fattening process was initially slow and insidious, no one 
paid much attention, after all - we were just well fed Americans. 
However, something much more sinister than simply overeating and 
having made poor food choices had happened. 
Something happened that had guaranteed we were all going to 
get fat - we had been placed in a virtual feedlot. American adults 
weighed on average, twenty five pounds more in 2004 than they did 
in 1960. American children weigh nine to ten pounds more today 
than they did in the 1960s. American teens weigh on the average 
twelve to sixteen pounds more today than they did in the 1960s. 
According to the National Health and Nutritional Examination 
Survey, which is considered the gold standard of assessing American's 
weight, sixty five percent of Americans are overweight and “just 
going on a diet is not going to work.” 
Survey statistics show: 
Women, ages 20 - 74: weighed an average of 164.3 pounds in 2002, 
compared with 140.2 pounds in 1960. 
Men, ages 20 - 74: weighed an average of 191 pounds in 2002, 
compared with 166.3 pounds in 1960. 
Kids, ages 6 - 11: weighed an average of 74 pounds in 2002, com- 
pared with 65 pounds in 1963. 
Boys, ages 12 - 17: weighed an average of 141 pounds in 2002, 
compared with 125 pounds in 1966.

168 
Girls, ages 12 - 17: weighed an average of 130 pounds in 2002, 
compared with 118 in 1966. 
Americans were placed in a classical “feedlot” environment, rich 
with a constant stream of dietary carbohydrate calories, low energy 
outputs and a diet almost devoid of minerals (which ensured a rav- 
enous appetite) - the result is what we call “The Feedlot Syndrome.” 
A feedlot is a farm or ranch factory operation designed solely for 
the purpose of intensive growing and fattening of animals for human 
food. Raising prime beef successfully, requires a steady stream of carbohydrate, protein and fat calories in the proper ratios specifically 
designed for fattening. 
The intense weight gain, high carbohydrate diet must be accompanied by optimal mixes of nutrients designed to encourage weight 
gain and drive the animal to eat with an endless and fervent hunger. 
Feed, based on corn or other carbohydrates, is made available in 
a steady stream. Beef cattle will grow from a forty pound calf to 900 
- 1,100 pounds in about a year under optimal feedlot conditions. 
Growth rates slow at about one year of age and attempts to add 
more weight or fat become energy and economically inefficient as 
animals reach maturity. As a result, animals are usually killed for 
meat at young ages; “heavy” beef animals that can reach over 2,000 
pounds at slaughter, produce large prime expensive steaks and are 
inefficient in terms of calories required to add the extra weight. 
Meat produced in a feedlot is specifically designed for “prime” or 
“deluxe” upscale dining. Meat produced in a feedlot is heavily 
“marbled” and thickly covered with fat. Feedlot meat is tender and 
very tasty - it is the form of meat that is demanded by discerning 
dinners. 
In 1920, Americans ate 165 pounds of red meat, poultry and fish 
per person per year; in 2002 we ate 230 pounds of animal protein 
per person per year. 
The calories in the “modern” western diet, especially following 
the Korean War (1950s), primarily came from grain and carbohy- 
drate based meals (i.e. - pasta, bread, dry cereals, potatoes, rice, soft 
drinks, fruits and juices, etc.). Doctors demanded that people eat _

HELLS KITCHEN 169 
more carbohydrates and give up animal fat and switch to plant oils 
and margarines instead of using butter and lard - Americans duti- 
fully complied with their doctor’ instructions and joyfully climbed 
into the feedlot. 
Despite the “healthful shift” in eating habits dictated by the medical 
profession,,to a low fat diet by eighty five percent of Americans who 
revered their doctors, human weight began to go up at an ever in- 
creasing rate. As usual Americans led the way - we became fatter 
more rapidly than anyone else because we had devised the most effi- 
cient feedlot diet - The Seven Food Group Diet Pyramid! 
The Seven Food Group Pyramid, which has been in vogue for 
the last twenty five years, could not have been designed more per- 
fectly to drive human weight up and our percentage of body fat up, 
than if we would have tried. 
The Seven Food Group Diet (the Feedlot diet) encouraged the 
consumption of six to eleven servings of carbohydrates each day as 
breads, pasta, potatoes and grains; limited the consumption of fats 
and didn’t even talk about the need for supplemental minerals to 
eliminate deficiencies and to eliminate the munchies! 
Tragically, Americans immediately began to gain weight, after all, 
we had be placed in the feedlot by the USDA, FDA and the medical 
profession. 
We American’s and individuals of other industrialized nations 
are fat because we have followed the misguided and ill-fated ad- 
vice from the medical profession. Simply, we’re fat because we 
eat at lot - considerably more than humans have ever eaten be- 
fore - and almost all of the added food is some form of carbohy- 
drate, a perfect feedlot diet. And our hunger was driven to psy- 
chotic levels by mineral deficiencies - after all, we had willingly 
given up our traditional source of dietary minerals to avoid 
“kitchen drudgery”- wood ashes were gone and fat bellies had 
arrived! 
In 2004, adult women ate more than 335 more calories per day 
than they did in 1971, while adult men have added to their daily 
intake of calories over the same time period by 168 calories. The 
greater female increase in calorie consumption is related to their

170 
monthly cycle, blood loss and iron deficiency resulting in greater 
degrees of pica and the munchies than in males! 
On average, Americans ate 1,497 pounds of food per person in 
1970. Personal consumption rose to 1,775 pounds per person per 
year by the year 2,000. A superficial glance would indicate that it is a 
good thing because we are eating more “vegetables” (encouraged by 
the 1992 USDA food pyramid), however, about one third of these 
vegetables are iceberg lettuce, French fries, ketchup and potato chips. 
We humans were stampeded to eat more carbohydrates and less 
fat - we gladly followed the medical advice and we ate more servings 
of grain, however, the grains we ate were primarily processed white 
flour such as pasta, tortillas and hamburger buns which essentially 
have the same food value as white sugar - the whiter the bread, the 
sooner you're dead! 
The reason that the percentage of dietary fat is down in the hu- 
man diet is not that we eat less fat, but rather that we eat greater 
amounts of carbohydrate: 
The United States produces enormous amounts of corn so economi- 
cally that Americans have become very creative at figuring out new uses 
for it, including fuel to drive cars, fuel to produce electricity, plastics and 
animal and human food. Our pet animals eat corn, our livestock eats corn 
as high fructose corn syrup and we eat and eat corn. 
Corn syrup is more economical than sugar - we Americans harvest 
286 million tons of corn per year driven by American industrial and agri- 
cultural policies. 
About fifty seven percent of the American corn that is produced is fed 
to livestock, five percent is converted to high fructose corn syrup, which is 
more economical, sweeter and easier to handle than granulated sugar. 
Soft drink and juice manufacturers are encouraged to use the low priced 
corn syrup in just about every canned, bottled, frozen, baked and bagged 
“food,” in which it replaced the far more nutritious materials. 
From 1972 to 2002, the levels of sugar and syrup produced each year 
per American increased twenty one percent from 104 pounds to 126 pounds. 
During that same time period, the percentage of syrup sweetener in that 
total grew from less than one percent to almost fifty percent.

HELLS KITCHEN 171 
North America - U.S. states with the greatest obesity rates (Missis- 
sippi, Alabama, etc.) are the southern states. The more active, the 
supplement popping and outdoor oriented affluent American west 
(Colorado, Utah, etc.) have the lowest rates of obesity. 
South America - As Latin America transitions from Third World 
economies to industrialization (including electricity, natural gas and 
propane), markets are filled with processed foods - they rose from 
only twenty percent of food sales in the 1980s to sixty percent in 
2000. 
Europe - Candy, fast food and dry sweetened cereals make up more 
than half of the food ads in ten European Union countries. The U.K. 
alone increased their snack food consumption twenty five percent in 
only five years. 
Africa - In many parts of Africa, obesity is diagnosed in more chil- 
dren than classical “malnutrition.” The country of Tunisia’s urban 
population has shifted to processed flour breads. 
Asia - In Shanghai, roads are today clogged with automobiles in- 
stead of the traditional bicycles. KFC opened a drive through restau- 
rant in Beijing in 2002. In all Chinese cities, obesity went from four 
percent in the 1970s to the twenty-eight percent level in the year 
2000. 
Oceana - The shift to the western diet and urban cooking fuels has 
produced the fattest people on earth. 
In all situations where a countries or regions populations shift 
from wood burning subsistence rural communities to urban com- 
munities the people become obese. As rural subsistence farmers move 
into the city, they give up their historical practice of using their wood 
cooking and heating ashes as “culinary” ashes and putting them into 
their gardens. More food is made available to the city dwellers, how- 
ever, no one instructs them to take mineral supplements to make up

12 
for their loss of “culinary” and garden minerals - pica, cribbing, 
cravings, binge eating and the munchies take over and they are un- 
wittingly sucked into the Feedlot Syndrome. 
Body Mass Index* 
Body Mass Index (BMI) is an accurate measurement of the hu- 
mans “body fat status.” BMI takes into account that short humans 
normally weigh less than taller people: 
Weight (pounds) 
—_X 703 = BMI 
Height (inches) squared 
Example 
Weightt 160 lbs 
X 03 = 23.6 BMI 
Height (69 in) squared 
BMI Class 
< 18.5 Underweight 
18.5 - 24.9 “Normal” 
25.0 - 29.9 Overweight 
30.0 - 9.9 Obese 
40 and above Morbidly obese 
* Lemonick, M. D.: How We Grew So Big. Time. June 7, 2004. 
The common denominator for all of the world’s movement to- 
ward a pandemic of obesity is in fact the migration of rural peasant 
populations, who had historically put the wood ashes from their cook- 
ing and heating fires into their gardens, to the urban centers that _

HELLS KITCHEN 173 
were driven by coal, steam, electricity, natural gas and propane fuels 
for cooking and heating. 
This pattern of modernization and movement to obesity will be 
repeated over and over until we commit ourselves to replacing the 
lost raw materials given up by giving up wood as fuel. Deficiency of 
wood ash (minerals) equals pica and the resulting obesity - it is that 
simple.

174

Chapter 11 
“You just can’t eat one.” - Lays Potato Chips 
“Some seek not gold, but there lives not a man who does not need salt.” 
- Cassiodorus 
Roman statesman 
“Psyche and body react sympathetically to each other, it seems to me. 
A change in the state of the psyche produces a change in the structure of 
the body....conversely, a change in the structure of the body produces a 
change in the state of the psyche.” 
- Aristotle, Physiognomonica 
Pica, Cribbing and the Munchies 
At least 30,000 years ago humans, driven by a salt hunger, began 
to mix wood ashes (wood ashes were used to cut the more valuable 
salt 3:1 to as much as 10:1 to extend its volume) with their dietary 
salt, add them directly to food as “culinary” ashes and additionally 
mixed the balance of each days production of ashes into their gar- 
dens as a mineral rich fertilizer, which resulted in greater fertility, 
survival rates of children, longer lives and stronger skeletons that 
survived the millennia. 
The use of wood ashes by humans appeared at about the same 
time amongst all human cultures world wide in a parallel develop- 
ment. Salt and mineral hunger is not a newly acquired drive - it is as 
old as man himself. 
Over the millennia, little changed in the human habit of con-

176 
suming wood ash minerals as “culinary” ash added to their food and 
additionally using them as fertilizer until 3:00 p.m. on Monday Sep- 
tember 4, 1882, when the first commercial electric generating plant 
was brought on line on Pearl Street in New York by a Thomas Edison 
technician. 
By 1950, almost all American urban homes were heated with 
electricity, gas, oil, coal or propane; almost every American home- 
maker cooked on an electric, gas or propane stove; and ninety per- 
cent of rural American homes were heated with or cooked with elec- 
tricity, gas or propane. 
The new kitchen conveniences were successfully marketed by 
trumpeting, “the end of kitchen drudgery,” “no more messy stove or 
furnace ashes to take outdoors.” 
About the same time wood fuels transitioned into electrical, gas 
and propane fuel, the home vegetable and corn garden became a 
labor of love for a few hobbyists as opposed to supplying a signifi- 
cant part of the family food supply as it had for more than 30,000 
years. 
The results of these technological advances and cultural shifts 
were catastrophic: 
1) People moved off the land, left their traditional back yard 
gardens behind and purchased food from large grocery chains 
that obtained their products from commercially grown sources 
that used commercial NPK (nitrogen, phosphorus, potassium) 
fertilizers. 
2) The traditional source of minerals (“culinary” wood ashes) 
necessary to meet our daily need for essential minerals was 
suddenly and even proactively replaced with “clean” fuels that 
left no “waste,” sooty pots or messy byproduct (ashes). 
3) The availability of and rate of consumption of empty sugar 
sweetened calories (i.e. - breads, pasta, potatoes, snacks, soft 
drinks, etc.) rose dramatically.

HELLS KITCHEN 177 
4) Physical activity and personal expenditure of work energy 
was significantly reduced. 
Being overweight and being obese is synonymous with being an 
American, however, other industrialized nations are not far behind 
in their rates of obesity. The “pica,” “cribbing,” and the “munchies” 
classic behaviors are always associated with being overweight and 
obese. These cravings are solely a reflection of mineral deficiencies - 
neither vitamin deficiencies, protein deficiencies, fat deficiencies!or 
calorie deficiencies will produce the munchies behavior - only min- 
eral deficiencies will produce the munchies! 
The snack food and fast food industries are aware of the relation- 
ship between mineral deficiencies and cravings (i.e. - sugar, salt, 
chocolate, carbohydrates, etc.), mineral deficiencies and binging, 
mineral deficiencies and the munchies and they use these behaviors 
to their financial advantage. 
The snack food industry knew that mineral deficiencies produce 
a psychotic eating drive just as the giant tobacco companies knew 
that cigarettes were addictive. 
The munchies behaviors are often extreme in small children 
and teen-agers because these age groups have the highest need 
for energy and minerals to support growth and development. As 
a result, snack food and soft drink companies have paid millions 
of dollars to be the sole suppliers of snacks and soft drinks in 
large county and municipal school districts - the kids pay for the 
advertising by buying the sweetened or salted treats and they 
become addicted to the brand while they are frantically looking 
for minerals. 
Historically, the consumption of salt to satisfy the pica behavior 
was of value because salt contained some traces of other minerals 
and was mixed with wood ashes to extend the more valuable salt. 
Today, salt consumption, although contrary to popular belief, is not 
in of itself harmful; it does, however, present the problem of allow- 
ing our bodies to think we are also getting a wider supply of essential 
minerals than we really are. 
“Cribbing” is a name given to a particular form of pica in domes-

178 
tic animals. A good husbandry man knows when a horse or cow 
“cribs” (chews or gnaws on a wooden feed box, wagon rails, fence, 
hitching post or barn door, or eats dirt); the animal really has a crav- 
ing for minerals that are deficient in their diets. Mineral starved ani- 
mals will at first consume large quantities of supplemental minerals 
until their cravings are satisfied, they will automatically reduce their 
level of consumption to a maintenance level. 
“Salt appetite” is very striking in both pregnant animals and hu- 
mans. Bizarre cravings are legendary in the pregnant human (i.e. - 
corn starch, pickles, dirt, wood ashes, plaster, clay, etc.). From antiq- 
uity, the descriptions of cravings or “pica” are associated with preg- 
nant women. The Hawaiian King Kamehameha’s mother Queen 
Kekuiapoiwa had cravings for eyeballs, although she specifically 
wanted chief's eyes, she was given the eyes of sharks to eat. 
“Geophagia,” or earth eating is very common in mineral deficient 
pregnant humans. 
Pica, or perverted appetite or irresistible cravings is character- 
ized by the eating of bizarre or unsuitable nonfood substances (or 
fattening non foods such as high sugar and high carbohydrate snacks 
and soft drinks) has been a curiosity for philosophers, doctors and 
priests for thousands of years. Pica as a symptom of mineral deficien- 
cies is universal in the world and has been reported in animals and 
humans of all age groups. 
In modern times the easy availability of candy, sugared-high calorie 
snacks, high sugar soft drinks, juices and salted junk foods of all 
types has led to obesity when people feel the obsessive, almost psy- 
chotic deep cravings of pica - “I have to eat and I have to eat it all!” 
People wouldn't crave or consume the empty calories found 
in snack foods if they were properly nourished with the essen- 
tial minerals. No amount of advertising or give away coupons 
and gimmicks would drive humans to constantly consume snacks 
and junk food - when one is well nourished with minerals, junk 
foods and snacks are just not interesting. 
When people are deficient in minerals “the call to eat” is an 
endless incessant obsession that can only be subdued by an 
individual's will for but a short time - eventually the mineral —

HELLS KITCHEN 179 
deficient individual will wake up in the middle of the night and 
eat an entire twenty pound ham or an entire German chocolate 
cake - in the end pica will always win the battle of the binge! 
A doctoral thesis on pica by Agustus Fridericus Mergiletus (1701) 
begins with the definition of pica: 
“The malady pica is called ‘kitta’ in Greek. It’s derivation comes from 
the name of the common magpie because the bird (“pica” is the Latin name 
for “magpie”) itself is believed to suffer from some malady (mineral defi- 
ciencies, yes, even wild animals suffer from mineral deficiencies) because 
it flits from tree to tree constantly seeking food or because it enjoys all sorts 
of foods.” 
A catalogue of bizarre examples of pica is found in Mergiletus’ 
thesis. In men, he recorded one individual who ate leather, wood, 
nestlings and live mice; a second consumed woolen garments, leather, 
a live cat, and some mice; a third ate cattails and decomposed human 
bodies infested with maggots. 
In Mergiletus’ female subjects he recorded women who ate hu- 
man flesh including one particularly horrible lady - “she lured chil- 
dren to her home with sweets, killed them and pickled them for her 
daily fare.” 
The most common description of pica by Mergiletus were of 
women’s desire for mud and mortar scrapped from walls (just like 
modern children who eat caulking and lead paint) - we have often 
said that children who eat lead paint are screaming for minerals for 
their mineral starved bodies - give them minerals and they won't eat 
lead paint. Girls ate their own hair, cotton, thread, raw grain, starch 
and lizards. 
Mergiletus also described pica in animals including cats that ate 
wood ash and pregnant hunting dogs that ate unusual objects. 
Cooper (1957) in her classic report on pica refers to several an- 
cient and medieval writers who emphasized the occurrences of pica 
in pregnant women: Aetios noted that pregnant women crave vari- 
ous and odd foods, some salty and some acid; some, he said, “crave 
for sand, oyster shells and wood ashes.” Aetios recommended a diet

180 
including “fruits, green vegetables, pig’s feet, fresh fish and old tawny 
fragrant wine.” 
Boezo (1638) noted that pica occurred most often in pregnant 
women. Boezo viewed pica as a physiological problem, and is the 
first to mention iron preparations as a treatment for pica - he sug- 
gested “one and one half scruples of iron dross taken for many days 
as wonderfully beneficial for men and women.” He also noted “the 
case of a virgin who was accustomed to devour salt in great quanti- 
ties from which chronic behavior she developed diarrhea and wast- 
ing. 
Christiani of Frankfurt (1691) reported a woman who ate 1,400 
salt herring during her pregnancy. LeConte (1846) suggested, “that 
animals eating earth do so because of a want of inorganic elements.” 
In modern times, the substances frequently reported as eaten as 
a result of pica behavior in humans includes paper, metallic gum 
wrappers, ice, dirt, coal, clay, chalk, starch, baking powder, pebbles, 
wood, plaster, paint, chimney soot, road tar, hair, human and animal 
feces, cloth and carbohydrates! 
Because of social constraints on our public behavior, most people 
under public scrutiny who display pica will eat sugar, snack foods, 
larger servings of food, soft drinks and smoke tobacco when they are 
really craving minerals. 
Commonly, mineral deficient people will stand with the re- 
frigerator door open, blankly staring into the refrigerator after 
consuming a 10,000 calorie, eighteen course holiday or celebra- 
tion meal. When asked what they are doing, they will respond, 
“I don’t know, I’m just looking for something!” It is not more 
calories they are looking for - it’s the minerals that their defi- 
cient body is screaming for that drives them to the refrigerator! 
Many individuals who smoke, drink excess alcohol, abuse pre- 
scription drugs or use street drugs and become addicted to sugar 
laden soft drinks are attempting to satisfy a deep, nagging and un- 
derlying craving that is caused by a mineral deficiency. 
Ice eating (pagophagia) is also commonly observed in iron defi- 
cient children and adults. 
Parasites have been reported as a cause of pica - Ankylostomia-

HELVS KITCHEN 181 
sis, ascariasis, oxyuriasis and others have been blamed. Parasites of 
course can cause anemia and malnutrition by direct blood sucking 
from the host or by competing with the host for food in the gut. The 
resulting anemia is in fact perceived by the body as an iron defi- 
ciency resulting in pica. 
Pica is commonly seen in children, teens, pregnant women and 
the obese; however, David Livingston observed that “both slaves and 
the gentry developed pica” in Africa. In Africa, pica is viewed by 
tribal peoples as a magical superstitious behavior. 
Henrock (1831) attributed pica to a “paucity of good blood anda 
lack of proper nutrition.” Waller (1874) reported that David Livingston 
observed many cases of clay and earth eating (geophagia), a frequent 
form of pica in pregnant women. 
Orr and Gilka (1931) and de Castro (1952) recognized that “ed- 
ible earths might be rich in sodium, iron and calcium.” Gelford (1945) 
reported that pica was common in Kenya amongst African tribes 
(Kikuyu) living mainly on a vegetarian diet; but absent in those people 
eating diets rich in animal flesh, blood and bones (Massai). 
The reduced pica behavior in high animal protein diets, that 
naturally contain iron and phosphorus can partially explain why 
high protein, modest fat and low carbohydrate diets work to re- 
duce weight. We have found that by adding the complete plant 
derived mineral supplement to the weight loss and weight man- 
agement programs, the weight loss will be more dramatic for all 
and will be maintained. 
Dickens and Ford reported that twenty five percent of children 
eat dirt. We believe that mineral deficiency pica occurs in American 
children at a much higher rate than twenty five percent; we believe it 
occurs at eighty to 100 percent, however, because of the social con- 
straints against eating dirt, kids will instead consume more soft drinks, 
more juice, more French fries, more cookies, more cake, more pasta 
and generally more calories as a result of their mineral deficiencies. 
This mineral deficiency driven pica, not playing outdoors, watch- 
ing TV and playing video games, is the cause of obesity in kids. Give 
children and teens more minerals to replace the wood ashes that 
they gave up when their grandparents and parents installed electric,

182 
gas, and propane stoves, and we will eliminate the obesity, type Il 
diabetes and the Metabolic Syndrome epidemic in America and the 
pandemic in the industrialized world. 
Richter (1955) published Kirkam and Birch’s analysis of twenty 
samples of edible clay from Africa: 
Clay Minerals Percent 
Silica ATES 
Aluminum oxide e208 
Sodium oxide sie 
Potassium oxide 2.88 
Iron oxide 4.98 
Manganese oxide Up 
Calcium oxide 2.97 
Magnesium oxide 1.08 
Phosphorous pentoxide 0.13 
Constant searches for calcium rich eatable clays and soils and 
territorial disputes over limited supplies often led to endless tribal 
wars. 
Cooper (1957) reported a twenty one percent rate of pica in 
American children referred to the Mother’s Advisory Service in Balti- 
more. 
Lanzkowsky (1959) reported that twelve children with pica had 
hemoglobin that ranged from 3 gm% to 10.9 gm% with a mean of 
7.89 gm% +/- 2.64. The institution of iron (iron dextran i.m.) “re- 
sulted in a cure for pica in one to two weeks.” Again, we have ob- 
served that when children are sufficiently supplemented with miner- 
als they will not be obese. 
McDonald and Marshall (1964) reported on twenty five children 
who ate sand. They divided the group in half - they gave one group 
iron and the other group saline (salt solution). After three to four 
months 11 of the 13 children given iron had lost their pica behavior 
compared with only three of the 12 given saline.

HELLS KITCHEN 183 
Reynolds et al (1968) reported that thirty eight people with ane- 
mia exhibited pagophagia (ice eating) as the most common form of 
pica; twenty two of twenty five had their symptoms of pica disappear 
after correcting the iron depletion. 
Woods and Weisinger (1970) reproduced pagophagia experimen- 
tally in rats by withdrawing blood. The pagophagia in the anemic 
rats was cured when the anemia was cured. It continues to be of 
interest to note that pica and cribbing behaviors are not produced by 
vitamin deficiencies. 
Iwo thirds of the 153 pregnant women studied by Taggart (1961) 
developed cravings. The most common craving was for fruit, pick- 
les, blood pudding, licorice, potato chips, cheese and kippers. A cray- 
ing for sweets, vegetables, nuts and sweet pickles came in second 
place. 
Phosphate appetite was described by LeVaillant (1796) as the 
anxious search by cattle in phosphate deficient South African pas- 
tures for discarded dog bones (osteophagia); they also chewed on 
wood (pica) and each others horns. 
Bone chewing (osteophagia, a form of pica) has been reported in 
many wild species of herbivores including reindeer, caribou, red deer, 
camels, giraffe, elephant, and wildebeest. We have seen elephant eat- 
ing limestone road-beds and large termite heaps as ready and avail- 
able sources of minerals. 
It was demonstrated that calcium deficient weanling rats will 
consume large amounts of lead acetate solution (even though they 
may taste bad) when compared with calcium fed controls. The Ori- 
ental diet tends to be low in calcium, leading them to habitually and 
preferentially eat bones (when Ma Lan and I were courting she ate 
the bones and gave me the fillets) partially leached of calcium with 
vinegar. 
Magnesium deficient animals will crave and eat excess salt. Mag- 
nesium tastes bad enough that animals will die of magnesium defi- 
ciency initiated seizures rather than consume a pure magnesium 
supplement. It has been suggested that recovery from a magnesium 
deficiency can be a very unpleasant process, enough so that the bad 
taste of magnesium supplements normally required for recovery ex-

184 
ceeds the unpleasant features of the deficiency. 
A natural potassium deficiency is highly unlikely in nature, as all 
grains, fruits and vegetables tend to be rich in potassium (NPK fertilizer) - a potassium deficiency can be found in individuals given diuretics and individuals whose only vegetable intake is French fries 
and ketchup. 
Potassium deficient rats are hyper alert, hyper active and tend to 
lick everything including their metal cage, lab equipment, each other 
and urine puddles (beer and urine have a similar taste). It is also 
interesting to note that even with a severe potassium deficiency laboratory rats have a strong craving for sodium chloride (salt). 
Chromium and vanadium deficiencies are manifested by thirst 
for liquids (soft drinks, juices, alcohol, etc.), with water being the 
last choice and an obsessive hunger for carbohydrates of all types. 
The “munchies,” cravings for alcohol and candy cravings (Regan’s 
cravings for jelly beans), especially chocolate, are sure signs of a chromium and vanadium deficiency. 
Salt (NaCl) deficiency occurs commonly, and is oftentimes caused 
by ignorant and over zealous doctors who demand that “their” patients reduce or eliminate salt intake. The medical profession must 
think that humans are dumber than cows! The first thing that a farmer 
or rancher puts in the pasture for their livestock is a salt block (and 
they have been doing it for tens of thousands of years) - the animals 
have free choice access to salt and other minerals in uncontrolled 
and unlimited amounts. Aristotle noted in his Historia Animalicem 
VIII, that “sheep are healthier when they are given salt.” 
Where it was rare, salt was traded ounce for ounce for gold, brides 
or slaves. Salt and salt rich clays mixed with wood or kelp ashes were 
the first mineral food supplements consciously employed by man 
since the beginning of time and before recorded history - pica did 
not begin with the first appearance of snacks - pica began with the 
first man. 
The Roman statesman Cassiodorus was quite observant when he 
said, “Some seek not gold, but there lives not a man who does not 
need salt.” 
The production of salt as a food supplement for humans and

HELLS KITCHEN 185 
beasts is as old as civilization itself. Salt was produced by evaporat- 
ing sea water from shallow man made ponds and by mining rock salt 
from large land locked deposits. 
Early villages sprang up around salt springs, humans were at- 
tracted by wild herbivores that were obligated to come daily to the 
springs to satisfy their driving need and hunger for salt and minerals. 
To obtain salt from these dilute springs, hunters kept wood fires con- 
tinuously burning to boil away the water; these salt-boiling peoples 
activities were recorded as far back as the Neolithic Ages. 
Whole forests were burned from Tyrol in the Alps, Moselle, and 
Franche-Count, France; the Soale and Lueburg, Germany, and 
Droitwich, England to support this salt production industry. 
Before the Norman invasion of England, salt pans of Cheshire 
and Worchestershire (famous for it’s sauce) supplied England and 
Gaul, going south to the Thames River with the subsequent estab- 
lishment of London. 
From the 9th to the 14th centuries peat was soaked in sea water, 
dried, burnt and the minerals of the resultant ash were then extracted 
with sea water; many millions of tons of peat were harvested annu- 
ally for this mineral/salt dietary supplement production process for 
the commercial trade. 
Mesopotamian towns specialized in the salt production industry 
and transported salt up the Tigris and Euphrates Rivers. Jericho (8000 
B.C.), near the Dead Sea and the salt mountain of Mo are the oldest 
known agricultural communities that participated in the salt trade. 
The human salt hunger (pica) was also an important force in the 
African slave trade as captured children from warring tribes were 
sold into slavery in exchange for salt. In other parts of salt poor Af- 
rica, humans developed the practice of drinking cattle blood or urine 
to obtain salt. 
The residents of the Sierra Leone coast gave all they possessed, 
including their wives and children in exchange for salt - because salt 
is an absolute requirement for life and because salt is not equally 
distributed on earth and coveted by the have-nots - it is said by Afri- 
can tribesmen that, “He who has salt has war.” 
The modern day human salt hunger is used by the American and

186 
international snack industry to drive their sales. Heavily salted po- 
tato chips, corn puffs, popcorn, salsa, bacon, French fries and pizza 
dominate snack and fast food purchases; heavily sugared snacks, soft 
drinks, cakes, cookies and candy come in a strong second. 
The child, preteen and teen age infatuation with snack foods, 
juices and soft drinks, drugs,smoking and alcohol appear to be the 
result of pica, because kids are so mineral deficient they are driven to 
seek out something; anything to put in their mouth that might sat- 
isfy the irresistible craving. If the available choices taste better (salt or 
sugar), more will automatically be consumed and obesity is guaran- 
teed. 
When people stop smoking they will almost always gain weight 
because their mineral deficiencies were not dealt with, their cravings 
that had been “managed” by the use of tobacco are then no longer 
under control - the resulting cravings and munchies that appear when 
smokers give up tobacco will result in weight gain and obesity. 
We humans happily replaced our historical source of “culi- 
nary” minerals derived from wood ashes with soft drinks and 
French fries and we are reaping the whirlwind of obesity, diabe- 
tes, the Metabolic Syndrome, and other degenerative diseases 
that have become a world wide pandemic since the 1950s. 
God help us, through massive advertising by the Hollywood film 
industry, television, newspaper and magazine industries and the over- 
whelming availability of high carbohydrate liquid and solid snacks, 
and universal self inflicted mineral deficiencies our culture drives 
our children into the feedlot and to inevitable obesity,

HELL'S KITCHEN 187 $a COC’ KITCHEN _ 1877

188

Chapter 12 
“...the Hunza soil is almost a manufactured soil. Every solitary thing 
that can serve as food for vegetables, field crops and fruit trees is diligently 
collected, stored and distributed in rationed equality over every square 
foot of the hundreds of terraces. Sunken compost pits are conveniently lo- 
cated, and into them go ashes from cooking and heating fires, inedible 
parts of vegetables, pulverized animal bones, dead leaves, rotten wood 
and the collected manure of animals.” 
- Dr. Allen E. Banik 
Hunza Land 
Mineral Premix: Culinary Minerals 
Since before written history, wood ashes (plant derived minerals) 
were the most universally available fertilizer. Wood ashes were pre- 
dictable; they were a fine particle sized mineral dust and an immedi- 
ately available source of plant food that was produced everyday in 
the human’ daily life as a byproduct of cooking and warming our 
homes. 
The systematic cultivation and fertilization of land to commer- 
cially produce food was first written about in 4000 B.C. in China. 
Chinese farmers used “organic material, wood ashes and silt reclaimed 
from streams and rivers that had been eroded from the hills and 
mountains to fertilize gardens and field crops.” 
Wood ashes were universally available and contained a wide va- 
riety of plant derived minerals that were easily available to cultivated 
garden plants and directly available to humans as a source of nutri- 
tional minerals when mixed with table salt and applied to our food 
as “culinary” minerals.

190 
“Culinary” ashes were of great and absolute importance to 
human survival. Wood, peat and kelp ashes were added to hu- 
man food since before written history. The “munchies,” pica and 
cravings didn’t begin with the first potato chip or Hershey’s bar - 
the munchies began with the first man. From the first man to 
modern man we were and still are dependant on plant source 
minerals. 
Food preparation, in it’s earliest and simplest form, was raw meat 
or crudely “cooked” in fire. Food was immediately eaten or preserved 
briefly by cooking, drying in the sun or by being salted. 
Salt was a valuable and cherished substance and it was traded 
ounce for ounce for gold and slaves. As a result, salt was not 
squandered by simply eating it, it was mixed, “cut’ and diluted 
with wood, peat or kelp ashes. And so with the simple act of 
“extending” salt with “culinary” ashes, humans, from the begin- 
ning of time, unknowingly acquired essential supplemental min- 
erals. 
Fat Ladies of Malta 
Maltese figurines of “fat ladies” date from the Upper Paleolithic 
era (25,000 years ago) to the earliest evidence of metal-using cul- 
tures in the Neolithic era. Some of these “fat lady” figurines have 
been found in western Europe, however, the greatest numbers of 
these figurines have been found in Egypt, the Levant, Turkey, Greece, 
Cyprus and the Balkans. The most detailed of the “fat lady” figurines 
were found on the islands of Malta dating back to 3000 B.C and 
8000 B.C. in Catalhoyuk, Turkey. 
The most dramatic of the “fat lady” figures is the “sleeping lady” 
of the Hypogeum. This relatively small statue depicts an obese lady 
lying on her side on a highly detailed woven bed. 
These “fat lady” figurines have been interpreted by archaeolo- 
gists to be the subject of religious cults who worshipped “mother 
goddesses” to ask for agricultural and human fertility, In Malta, the 
worship of obese goddesses grew into an all consuming pursuit. 
Geological evidence shows that between 5000 and 7000 years

HELVS KITCHEN 191 
ago, Malta was a heavily wooded island. The first immigrants quickly 
and ruthlessly cleared and deforested the fragile island ecosystem of 
its original plant life. The inhabitants used the wood as fuel to boil 
sea water to produce salt, cook their food and to heat their dwellings. 
Soil erosion soon plagued Malta, stripping the top soil and 
accessable nutritional minerals - crop yields dropped precipitously. 
Prehistoric Maltese agriculture was carried out in an environment 
that had already been deforested. Studies of land snails as early as 
4000 B.C. and fossilized pollen as early as 3600 B.C. confirm that 
Malta was already deforested and treeless - no trees - no wood; no 
wood ashes - no “culinary ashes - no ashes to cut salt and no ashes to 
put in the gardens and fields as fertilizer. 
By the year 3000 B.C., Malta was affected by catastrophic eco- 
logical changes - soil erosion and evironmental degradation effected 
the mineral values of their food grains and vegetables. 
Malta became an island in trouble (i.e. - high population and an 
ecological and agricultural collapse) - village communities struggled 
to maintain earlier standards of living and produce their historical 
cultural foods and diet. 
Wood ashes that had been plentiful in the early days of immigra- 
tion, were no longer avilable for “culinary ashes,” cutting salt or 
ferilizing the gardens. 
The loss of pasture to wind and water erosion resulted in a sig- 
nificant reduction in the consumption of animal protein and an in- 
crease in the consumption of grain as a large portion of their diet. 
Low mineral intakes combined with high carbohydrate intakes threw 
the Maltese into the Feedlot Syndrome and the production of the “fat 
ladies.” 
By 2000 B.C. the entire agricultural industry in Malta vanished. 
The lack of the wood ash byproduct of heating and cooking pro- 
‘duced mineral deficient grains, vegetables, fruit and a loss of culi- 
nary ashes. Wood ashes were the minerals that were left over when 
the carbon of the wood was burned. 
The lack of the nutritional minerals produced pica, cribbing, 
cravings, binge eating and the munchies. The munchies, along with 
the high carbohydrate diet, produces the Feedlot Syndrome - ergo:

192 
obesity! 
Prehistoric Malta was a perfect model for us to understand obe- 
sity, diabetes and the Metabolic Syndrome epidemic in America and 
the pandemic in the industrialized nations of the world. 
Unfortunately the early interpretations of the Maltese “fat ladies” 
were made by archaeologists whose expertise was limited to ancient 
cultures and religions. They failed to recognize the catastrophic re- 
sults (obesity, diabetes and the Metabolic Syndrome) of a wood ash 
deficient culture! 
The interest in substances and materials that would increase crop 
yields dates back to antiquity. The early Greek philosophers pro- 
posed the amazingly modern concept that plants are derived from a 
combination of chemicals. 
Democritus of Abdera (460 - 360 B.C.) proposed, what would 
come to be considered, “the first writings on the atomic theory.” 
“Mother earth, when fructified by rain, gives birth to crops for the 
nourishment of men and beast. But that which came from earth must re- 
turn to earth (from ashes to ashes) and that which came from air (re- 
turned) to air. Death, however, does not destroy matter, but only breaks up 
the union of it’s elements, which are then recombined into other forms.” 
By contrast, Aristotle (384 - 322 B.C.), the tutor and mentor of 
Alexander the Great, believed that all material constituents were de- 
rived from the mutual convertibility of the four elements: earth, wa- 
ter, fire and air - a concept that was believed into the Medieval period 
and beyond. Aristotle assumed that, “plants assimilated organic mat- 
ter through the roots,” the progenitor of what has been known as the 
“humus theory of plant nutrition.” 
The incorrect belief that plants take up organic matter through 
the roots can be understood in light of the ancient observation that 
organic matter, particularly manure, compost and plant residue (ash) 
benefit plant growth. 
Pliny, the Roman wrote, “It is universally agreed by all writers 
that there is nothing more beneficial than to turn up a crop of lu- 
pines, before they have podded, either with the plow or the fork, or

HELLS KITCHEN 193 
else to cut them and bury them in heaps at the roots of trees and 
(grape) vines.” 
At 343 B.C. deserters from Alexander the Great's army established 
the Hunzukut culture in the Hunza Valley (19,500 foot elevation) on 
Mount Rakaposhi (25,550 feet elevation - the third highest moun- 
tain in the world). From the beginning of their written history 2,500 
years ago, the Hunzas employed “culinary” ashes to extend table salt 
and used the remainder as fertilizer in their manufactured soil at an 
elevation of almost three times the timberline level. 
In St. Matthew 13:3, Jesus, spoke in parables to the multitudes 
using the simple language of farmers and shepherds: 
“Behold, a sower went forth to sow; 
And when he sowed, some seeds fell by the wayside, and the fowls came 
and devoured them up: 
Some fell upon stony places, where they had not much earth: and forth- 
with they srung up, because they had no deepness of earth: 
And when the sun was up, they were scorched; and because they had no 
root, they withered away. 
And some fell among thorns; and the thorns sprung up, and choked them: 
But others fell into good ground, and brought forth fruit, some a hundred- 
fold, some sixtyfold, some thirtyfold.” 
Jesus knew that healthy well fertilized “good ground” produced 
good crops and that by giving his message to farmers and shepherds 
as a parable in their simple language, that they would hear and un- 
derstand his deeper message. 
In 10 A.D., the Roman, Lucius Junius Moderatur Columella, 
stressed the need to apply fertilizer so that, “the soil will not be tired 
and doesn’t age when it receives fertilizer, and the farmer can have 
larger yields when the soil is supported by frequent and appropriate 
fertilization.” 
But in Europe, it would not be until the 18th and 19th centuries 
that the idea of using animal and human feces as a source of humus 
was discussed systematically and promoted by German, Austrian and 
French scholars. However, in the early years of the 19th century it

194 
was discovered first by Spiengel and then by Liebig, that it was not 
the humus as such, but rather the minerals in the humus that nour- 
ished plants. 
Liebig demonstrated that potassium is one of the major essential 
nutrients required by plants - potassium had long been known as 
potash, because it was extracted from the ash left in iron pots after 
the burning of wood, straw and other plant materials. 
“Culinary” ashes were used by all humans before the Hunzas, 
and have continually been used by all humans after the Hunzas. So it 
was with the pre-Columbian Indians. In the 13th century, the use of 
“culinary” ashes was recorded in North America by anthropologists. 
In 1588, Thomas Harriat (1560-1621), tutor to Sir Walter Ra- 
leigh, was appointed “geographer” for his second Virginia expedition 
- he soon published in Hakluyt’s Voyages on North Carolina Indians 
and how they raised corn. He described mountain spinach five foot 
high and how the Indians made a “fine broth from the seeds, and 
from the stalks of the herb, they produced a kind of salt by burning 
it to ashes, they then season their broth with it. This is the only salt 
they know, and they enrich their fields by burning weeds after dry- 
ing in the sun. This they do to save themselves the labor of carrying 
it away, rather to enrich better the ground.” 
While the conscious use of manure continued in the Medieval 
times, there were no recorded theoretical contributions to plant nu- 
trition until the Renaissance. Bernard Palissy (1510 - 1589), consid- 
ered by most to be the founder of the study of agricultural chemistry, 
stated: 
“The modern concept that the purpose of manuring was to replace 
substances lost (from the soil) by crop removal. Manure is carried to the 
field for the purpose of restoring to the latter a part of what had been 
removed proceeding, thus you will restore to the soil the same substances 
that have been removed by previous crops and which following crops will 
regain to their advantage.” 
Until the 1700s, scientists believed “that the life of animals was 
dependent on the consumption of food and that plants derived their

HELL'S KITCHEN 195 
nutrition totally from the soil.” 
Jan Baptista van Helmont (1577 - 1644), a Belgian physician of- 
fered the first experimental evidence that soil is not the sole source of 
plant nourishment. Van Helmont grew a small willow tree in an earth- 
enware pot for five years, adding only water to the pot. At the end of 
five years, the willow had increased in weight by 164 pounds, while 
the earth in the pot had decreased in weight by only two ounces. On 
the basis of these results he reasoned (incorrectly) that all the sub- 
stance of the plant was produced from the water and none from the 
soil: 
“I took an earthen vessel in which I put 200 pounds of earth that had 
been dried in a furnace, which I moistened with rain water, and I im- 
planted therein the trunk or stem of a willow tree, weighing five pounds. 
And at length, five years being finished, the tree sprung from thence did 
weigh 169 pounds and about three ounces. When there was need, I always 
moistened the earthen vessel with rain water or distilled water, and the 
vessel was large and implanted in the earth. Lest the dust that flew about 
should be co-mingled with the earth, I covered the lip or mouth of the 
vessel with an iron plate covered with tin and easily passable with many 
holes. I computed not the weight of the leaves that fell off in the four au- 
tumns. At length, I again dried the earth of the vessel, and there was found 
the same 200 pounds wanting about two ounces. Therefore, 164 pounds of 
wood, bark and roots arose out of water only.” (Jan Baptista van Helmont). 
Eighty years later, John Woodward (1605 - 1728) was able to 
show that spearmint sprigs grew better in water containing small 
amounts of soil when compared to those grown in pure rainwater. 
The beginnings of the clear understanding of the relationship of 
chemistry to plant nutrition goes back to two 17th century chemists, 
Johan Glauber (1604 - 1655) and Gabriel Plattes (1600 - 1655) 
through their analysis of “salts” such as wood ash, limestone and salt 
peter (potassium nitrate) and their affect on plant growth. 
To compensate for the lack of manure that resulted from the Thirty 
Year War, Glauber invented a chemical fertilizer he called “philo- 
sophic dung” or “fattening salt.”

196 
Despite these observations on the value of “salts” (the minerals 
found in the ash of burned food plants), the belief that humus (or- 
ganic material) was the basic “food” of plants was upheld well into 
the 19th century and was supported by such renowned chemists as 
Theodore de Saussure (1767 - 1845) and Sir Humphry Davy (1778 
- 1829). 
The source and function of the inorganic elements of plant ash 
was unknown. A prize was offered in Germany, “to resolve the ques- 
tion of whether the inorganic elements found in the ashes of plants 
were constituents produced by the plants or must be absorbed and 
what was their role in the plant.” 
The prize was awarded to A. F Wiegmann and L. Palstroff based 
on experiments comparing the growth of plants using synthetic soil 
compared with plant growth in sand alone. 
Fire, one of the five “elements” of the ancient Greeks, was of 
great interest to the alchemists and the Renaissance chemists who 
followed. What happens when a substance is consumed by fire was a 
favorite subject of study and argument between the learned chemists 
of the 1700s - this one question alone resulted in a revolution in the 
study and understanding of chemistry. The study of plant physiol- 
ogy played an enormous role in the chemistry revolution. 
Joseph Priestley, the English clergyman and chemist, and mem- 
ber of England's Royal Society was extremely interested in the changes 
in matter that resulted from being burned in fire - ashes! 
Priestley, a friend and contemporary of Franklin, was deeply in- 
volved with the problem’s of coal mines in the early days of the in- 
dustrial revolution, including air quality and flooding. 
On August 17, 1771, Priestley “put a (living) sprig of mint into 
air in which a wax candle had burned out and found that, on the 
27th of the same month (ten days later), another candle could be 
burned in the same air.” 
Priestley believed that, “he had accidentally hit upon a method of 
restoring air that had been injured by the burning of candles.” 
The “restorative which nature employs for this purpose,” he stated, 
“is vegetation.” Priestley pushed his observations further and dem- 
onstrated that “air restored by vegetation was not at all inconvenient

HELLS KITCHEN 197 
Elements Required by Plants for Optimal Health 
Macronutrients 
Nitrogen (N) 
Phosphorus (P) 
Potassium (K) 
Calcium 
Magnesium 
Sulfur 
Micronutrients 
Iron 
Chlorine 
Copper 
Zinc 
Boron 
Manganese 
Molybdenum 
Form in which 
absorbed 
NO3/NH4 
H2PO04/HpO4 
K+ 
Ca+ 
Mg + 
SO4 
Fe + 
Cl- 
Cu + 
Zn 
BO - 
Mn + 
MoO4 - 
Needed by only a few plants 
Sodium 
Silica 
Na+ 
Si 
Concentration in 
whole plant (dry weight) 
1-3% 
0.05 - 1.0% 
0.3 - 6.0% 
0.1-3.5% 
0.05 - 0.7% 
0.05 - 1.3% 
10 - 1,500 ppm 
100 - 300 ppm 
2-75 ppm 
3 - 150 ppm 
2-75 ppm 
5 - 1,500 ppm 
Trace 
Trace 
fietes 
An Average Mineral Analysis of Wood Ash (1926) 
Mineral 
Potassium 
Phosphoric acid 
Calcium carbonate 
Magnesium oxide 
Percentage 
16 - 40 
2 
SP: 
2-5

198 
to a mouse.” 
When he was presented with a medal for his discovery (of oxy- 
gen), the citation included the statement, “For these discoveries we 
are assured that no vegetable grows in vain... but cleanses and puri- 
fies our atmosphere.” 
It was Jan Ingenhouz (1730 - 1799), a Dutch physician who dis- 
covered that, “plants required light to produce oxygen, and that the 
sun by itself without plants could not produce oxygen.” 
In the 19th century, Justus von Liebig (1803 - 1873), a dominant 
figure in plant nutrition, demonstrated that carbon was supplied by 
the air and not by humus (although he incorrectly believed that the 
carbon was absorbed by the roots). 
Liebig also assumed incorrectly that most nitrogen was absorbed 
from the air (he was unaware of the nitrogen fixation process by soil 
bacteria) and not from the humus. He did conclude correctly that 
the common supplies of wood ash from cooking and heating fires 
were insufficient in volume to support the growing fertilizer needs of 
19th century commercial agriculture. 
At the same time, in 1856, large deposits of potassium were dis- 
covered in Germany. By 1860, the first results from potash field trials 
were published in Germany and throughout Europe. In 1891, the 
German potash industry founded the first agricultural research and 
advisory institute in Stassfurt. By 1910 some 32,000 field trials on 
potash as a fertilizer had been conducted. By 1952, the International 
Potash Institute was established in Berne, Switzerland. 
In addition to carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen, which are obtained 
from water or from air, plants require a number of other elements. 
These elements, including minerals, are obtained from the soil. 
The needs of plants for essential elements such as nitrogen or 
magnesium (for the production of chlorophyll) can be determined 
by an analysis of the molecules of which plant cells are made. Other 
requirements were determined by studying the ability of plants to 
grow in distilled water to which small amounts of various minerals 
are added. 
Comparisons of the mineral content of plant cells with the min- 
eral concentration of the water medium in which it grows, demon-

HELLS KITCHEN 199 
strate that there can be marked differences in the concentrations of 
various nutrients. Thus, we must conclude that substances from the 
soil do not diffuse passively into the root cells of the plant, but rather, 
they are carried across the root cell membranes, against the diffusion 
gradient by an energy requiring event called “active transport.” 
Plants only “need” sixteen essential elements, of which nine 
are minerals, for optimal health, they only “need” three elements 
(N, P, K) for optimal production in terms of tons and bushels per 
acre - humans need a minimum of sixty minerals out of a total of 
ninety essential elements for optimal health - two thirds of the 
essential nutrients necessary for optimal human health and lon- 
gevity are minerals. 
Pure wood ash is not a uniform substance or product. Different 
species of trees are concentrators of select minerals and minerals do 
not occur in a uniform blanket over the crust of the earth - minerals 
occur in veins like chocolate in chocolate ripple ice cream, minerals 
occur in veins like gold and silver making the composition of wood 
ash mineral content highly variable. 
As a general rule, the softer woods contain less potassium and 
the harder woods contain more potassium, ranging from 16 to 40 
percent respectively of the total mineral mix in the ash. 
Wood ashes also have a very favorable physical effect on the soil, 
allowing for more aeration and greater capacity for retention of wa- 
ter. 
Unfortunately, wood ashes are no longer a viable source of hu- 
man mineral nutrition. Wood ashes are no longer a common 
byproduct of the everyday tasks of cooking and heating our homes, 
so we must find an alternative source of plant minerals if we are to 
get obesity, diabetes, the Metabolic Syndrome and other degenera- 
tive diseases under control and yes - even eliminate them. 
Animal Diets Advanced Quicker than Human Diets 
In 1914, there was enough knowledge regarding the need for 
vitamins and minerals for optimal health, maximal production and 
longevity, that nutritional companies sprang up that produced nutri-

200 
ent enriched feeds for livestock. One such company was Purina Mills 
of St. Louis, Missouri. 
The use of vitamins and minerals in animal feeds became com- 
monplace to increase survival, fertility, production and to prevent 
and reverse diseases. Vitamins and minerals were added as a com- 
plete package or “pre-mix” to pellets comprised of alfalfa, corn, soy- 
beans, wheat and oats. 
To improve the efficiency of the enriched feeds and to prevent 
the animals from sorting through the feed and eating only what they 
wanted, the ration was compressed into homogenous pellets. Today, 
there are pellet rations for all laboratory animals, pet animals and 
farm animals. 
Over the years this pellet ration system was so successful, that 
their use resulted in the elimination of as many as 900 different dis- 
eases including obesity (that still afflict humans in 2005) and doubled 
and quadrupled life spans of animals. This miraculous health benefit 
was not the result of the use of wonder drugs, genetically engineered 
proteins or stem cells, or heart transplants - the health benefits were 
simply due to the application of nutritional science. Agricultural sci- 
entists were not going to let the cow’s food choices affect the farmers 
income. 
In 1925, the WT. Rawleigh Company produced a booklet that 
promoted, “Ideal Poultry Raising.” The booklet informed the reader 
on the housing, care, feeding, culling the flock, diseases and their 
symptoms, nutritional prevention and treatment. 
In 1934, Purina, a pioneer animal feed company, advertised in 
The Country Gentleman, “What a difference 90 days make!” 
“Today, a toddling chick...in 90 days, a proud pullet ready to lay 
(eggs). There’s something to think about! Tiny bones and little muscles 
have grown several times in size...a delicate fuzz has sprouted into 
hundreds of feathers...a chick weighing grams has grown into a pul- 
let weighing pounds...all in 90 short days. 
A wonderful change...and only one thing can do it...good feed! 
Pullets are made of feed. What they are...what they do for 
you...depends on what you feed from the time they’re a few hours _

HELL'S KITCHEN 201 
old. This year consider either, Purina Startena Chow (mash) and 
Purina Chick Chow (scratch)....or Purina Startena Chow (all-mash) 
for the first six weeks...and then Purina Growena Chow (mash) and 
Purina Intermediate Hen Chow (scratch) until your pullets are lay- 
ing in sixteen weeks. 
Put these Chows before your chicks. In Startena Chow and in 
Growena Chow are all the needed ingredients mixed in just the right 
proportions to tell you a wonderful story in 90 days!” 
“Feed Startena and see the difference! The difference in cost between 
Purina Startena and ordinary starting feeds is little. It only takes two pounds 
of Startena to grow a big sturdy chick ready to switch to Purina Growena. 
When a chick eats so little, you can't afford to take chances. 
The difference in results between Startena and ordinary feeds is BIG. 
Because Startena is perfectly balanced and blended to furnish what a chick 
needs, it does a far better job of raising chicks than ordinary feeds. Greater 
livability, extra growth, better feathering and more yellow color in shanks 
and beaks - these are things you get from feeding Purina Startena, the feed 
that contains Pur-a-tene.” 
“What a Difference at 6 weeks! There’s no question about seeing the 
difference Purina Startena makes in chicks at six weeks. They weigh more, 
they are better feathered. They have stretch and frame. They are sturdy 
and lively. It’s this difference that Startena makes in chicks at six weeks 
that has brought the reputation to Startena as being America’ best for 
starting chicks. 
Two pounds Startena for the first six weeks - that’ all it takes to build 
a big, sturdy chick. When so much depends on so little, the best is none too 
good. 
Actual records last year, on 925,427 chicks fed Startena, show that 93 
percent of them lived. At six weeks of age, the light breeds averaged 17.4 
ounces per chick; the heavy breeds 19.2 ounces per chick. No wonder the 
big swing is to Purina Startena.”

202 
A Multiple Sample Analysis of Wood Ash (mg/G)* 
Analyte Amount 
Calcium 2 Ur 
Iron DIENT 
Magnesium ahs on ORe) 
Potassium 15 - 83 
Copper O05 "OF 15 
Zinc 0.10 - 0.92 
Sodium 10rd 329 
Chromium (ug/G) 0.004 - 0.005 
Phosphorus Tom104 
Silica ile ea Ui 
Aluminum PI ein en 
March 1998 
The Navajo Indians 
The diet’s of the Navajo Indians have changed significantly since 
the pre-Columbian times. Archeological data suggests that their early 
diet, was the standard fare of hunter gatherers and consisted only of 
indigenous plants and wild game until 1200, when a northern 
Athabaskan tribe of Navajos migrated to the southwest and learned 
farming from the Pueblo Indians. Corn, laced with “culinary” ashes, 
became a staple in the Navajo diet. Two centuries later, the Spanish 
brought sheep and cattle, and the Navajo became shepherds. 
Today the Navajo Nation numbers more than 151,000 and is the 
largest Native American Tribe. In recent decades, many processed 
foods have been introduced into the Navajo diet as a result of gov- 
ernment rationing, food distribution programs and the growth of 
trading posts and food stores, yet the tradition of “culinary” ashes 
being added to their food remains in the more rural areas.

HELLS KITCHEN 203 
A Trace Mineral Analysis of a Multiple Sample of Juniper Ash (ppm) 
Analyte Amount Analyte Amount 
Aluminum 9,41 Mercury 0.006 
Antimony 0.062 Molybdenum 0.041 
Arsenic <0.01 Neodymium 0.048 
Barium 1.42 Nickel 0.078 
Beryllium <0.005 Niobium <0.01 
Bismuth 0.011 Osmium <0.005 
Boron 0.759 Palladium <0.005 
Bromine O22 Phosphorus 8.69 
Cadmium <0.005 Platinum <0.005 
Calcium 698.0 Potassium 536.0 
Carbon 107.0 Praseodymium 0.048 
Cerium 0.064 Rhenium <0.01 
Cesium 0.055 Rhodium <0.051 
Chloride 620.0 Rubidium 0.121 
Chromium 0.011 Ruthenium 0.067 
Cobalt 0.041 Samarium 0.055 
Copper 0.258 Scandium 0.12 
Dysprosium 0.029 Selenium 0.060 
Erbium Dllal Silica 67.9 
Europium 0.010 Silver 0.045 
Fluoride 0.29 Sodium 26.1 
Gadolinium 0.036 Strontium 2.44 
Gallium 0.017 Sulfur 5.96 
Germanium 0.099 Tantalum 0.018 
Gold 0.021 Tellurium <0.01 
Hafnium 0.028 Terbium <0.01 
Holmium 0.01 Thallium 0.011 
Indium 0.02 Thorium <0.005 
lodine 215 Thulium 0.023 
Iridium <0.005 Tin 0.009 
Lanthanum <0.005 Titanium 0.486 
Lead 0.016 Tungsten <0.01 
Lithium 0.036 Vanadium 0.085 
Lutetium 0.013 Ytterbium 0.021 
Magnesium 1760.0 Yttrium 0.011 
Manganese az Zinc 1.87 
Zirconium 0.028

204 
Juniper ash proves to be a good source of dietary calcium, iron 
and a moderate source of magnesium. One teaspoon of juniper ash 
provides the equivalent calcium levels found in one cup of milk; it 
supplies twenty eight percent of the RDA for iron and nine percent of 
the RDA for magnesium. The woody branches contain more calcium 
and silica, whereas the twigs and needles (the growth part of the 
tree) contained the highest levels of trace minerals. 
Typical recipe that includes “culinary” ashes: 
Shaped Corn Griddle Cakes 
Mix one cup juniper ashes with water and strain through a grass 
brush into basin of corn flour, using about three and one half cups of 
the liquid. Add one half cup clear water to this greenish dough and 
knead until thick. Shape with moist hands into round cakes less than 
an inch thick and four inches in diameter. Bake on a fry griddle, 
rubbing it (the griddle) with a cloth between bakings, and moisten 
cakes on both sides when done. 
Even today, the corn based foods of the Navajo contain “culi- 
nary” ash, which is mixed with boiling water and added after strain- 
ing, to the blue corn flour “to make it blue.” Blue corn contains an 
anthocyanin pigment that turns a distinct greenish-blue color in the 
alkaline medium created by the addition of wood ash. The wood ash 
was also used daily to make a “tea” and was used medicinally for 
stomach and intestinal ailments. 
Of the three major types of plants used to make the culinary 
ashes listed in the Navajo culture, juniper (Juniperus monosperma), 
commonly called cedar is used most frequently. The small branches 
and needles are most favorably used as they produce the finest par- 
ticle ash (the minerals that are left when the wood and needles are 
burned). 
Green juniper branches are gathered, placed on a grill or screen 
and set alight. The ash is collected in a pan placed underneath the 
grill. Juniper being absent, ash was also made from dried tumbleweed 
or greasewood. 
The three sources of wood “culinary” ashes were all good sources 
of essential minerals. Iron concentration was higher in the grease-

HELLS KITCHEN 205 
wood; wood ash, although variable in analysis, tends to be rich in 
potassium, calcium, iron, copper and zinc, trace minerals and rare 
earths. 
In the absence of wood ash, special clay was mixed with the salt 
and/or the Navajo food. Unfortunately in the 1940s, urban Navajo 
cooks began replacing “culinary” ashes with the more available bak- 
ing soda - thus began the transition from the slim wood ash using 
Navajo shepherds to the obese baking soda using urban Navajo. 
The Okinawa People 
In 2003, a small group of our associates, including Blake Gra- 
ham, and Dr. Wallach went to Okinawa to determine where these 
exceedingly long lived people obtained their nutritional minerals. 
We went first to the Department of Agriculture and learned that the 
soil of the entire Okinawa archipelago of 161 islands was made up of 
red, yellow or black clay - no coral calcium. 
Many large studies, including the twenty five year long Okinawa 
Project that was conducted by two Harvard medical doctors, were 
produced in an attempt to determine the Okinawa secrete of longev- 
ity - so we felt we didn’t need to ask all of the detailed questions of 
diet, religion, exercise and professions that had already asked over 
and over again. We decided that we were going to ask only one ques- 
tion - “what did you do with the wood ashes from your cooking and 
heating fires?” 
We visited many of the Okinawa “old ones,” and shared tradi- 
tional meals of boiled pork, steamed sea vegetables, bitter melon and 
squash with them. We asked all of the old men over 100 years, “what 
did you do with the wood ashes from your cooking and heating fires 
each day?” The old men replied, “we don’t know.” 
We asked the Okinawa women of ninety and 100 years or morte, 
“what did you do with the wood ashes from your heating and cook- 
ing fires each morning?” They replied, “Everybody knows that, we 
put the ashes into our gardens and we added them to our rice to 
produce a rich yellow color!” 
The Japanese and the people from Okinawa used “culinary” wood

206 
ash! They preferred the hardwood trees for fuel because they burned 
hotter and burned longer - unknown to them, the hardwood trees 
also contained considerably more minerals than the soft wood trees. 
A recent comparison of the mineral content of the bones from 
the modern Japanese and the 3,000 year old bones from ancient Japa- 
nese monks showed that the ancient bones contained a wider variety 
of minerals and a greater amount of each mineral - a testimony to the 
nutritional value of “culinary” wood ashes. 
The mystery of the Okinawa longevity had been solved by asking 
the question that no one had asked before - “what did you do with 
the wood ashes from the heating and cooking fires each morning?” 
The simple answer was that they “used them in their gardens as fer- 
tilizer and in their rice as ‘culinary’ ashes.” 
It is often said that, “familiarity breeds contempt.” This human 
failing has cost us dearly. Over time, because wood ashes were dirty, 
inconvenient and so “old time,” we lost our respect for, our interest 
in and our understanding of wood ashes - wood ashes that were 
cherished by humans 30,000 years earlier. As a result, we made a 
catastrophic error as we willingly and proactively gave up the “drudg- 
ery” of the wood stove, scorched pots and wood ashes and moved 
almost overnight to electricity, natural gas and propane household 
fuels. 
We have to understand, why we originally used wood ashes be- 
fore written human history. We have to understand what we gave up 
before we can know how to replace it (just like alcoholics have to 
know they are in trouble before they can begin to solve their prob- 
lem). We can’t replace wood ashes with pharmaceuticals! 
We Americans have to get busy, because our window of time for 
a healthful survival is rapidly closing. If we keep doing what we’re 
doing our health care system will bankrupt us even as it fails to give 
us the “bang” for our health buck. Simply said, Obesity is here to 
stay unless we supplement our diets with the plant minerals we have 
so abruptly given up!

HELLS KITCHEN 207 $a OC—“‘(COC#CAL:’'S KITCHEN 207

208

Chapter 13 
“Artificially sweetened drinks might not help the (weight loss) diet, 
because they might make it harder for the body to know when to stop 
scarfing. Given a choice between (identically) flavored high and low calo- 
rie liquids, rats (preferentially) guzzle the high calorie stuff.” 
- Susan Swithers, Purdue University 
International Journal of Obesity 
July 2004 
Size Does Matter: 
the Key to Cellular Fitness 
We know that if you do nothing else, consuming 1,200 mg of ) 
calcium each day will reduce your risk of being overweight by sixty 
five percent! If you are overweight, give up 500 calories each day 
(one burger), and consume the 1,200 mg of calcium per day and you 
will double your rate of weight loss - even without the need for exercise! 
Supplemental minerals are truly the prevention and cure of 
being overweight and obese. However, all minerals are not cre- 
ated equal - it doesn’t matter how many minerals or how much 
of each mineral you consume - what counts is how many miner- 
als and how much of each mineral you absorb! 
Remember, we require a minimum of sixty minerals to be opti- 
mally healthy, physically fit and to maximize our life spans. Unfortu- 
nately, with the advent of electric, gas and propane cooking stoves

210 
and heating furnaces, we have given up the traditional and ideal source 
of nutritional minerals - plant minerals derived from the wood ashes 
that supported the human need for minerals since before written 
history. 
Because the daily supply of wood, peat and kelp ash generated in 
the home could not fulfill the growth requirements of commercial 
agriculture, agricultural chemistry went another direction. Commer- 
cial fertilizer, NPK, appeared in 1840 to meet the need of a growth 
industry necessary to meet the food demands of the now urbanized 
population of the industrial revolution; shortly thereafter, the first 
commercial electrical generating plant came on line in 1882. 
The urbanized citizen of the industrialized nations demanded 
food and lots of it - they traded the hours they had historically spent 
in their gardens and fields for hours in the factories and cash money. 
They now depended almost totally on commercial agriculture for 
their “daily bread.” 
Unfortunately their bread was not like their fathers bread - yes, 
there was lots of it, however, the new bread was critically short of 
minerals. In 1910, eighty five percent of Americans were still subsis- 
tence farmers or gardeners - and they were still putting wood ashes 
into their gardens and their food. By 1950, almost 100 percent of 
urbanites from all industrialized nations were solely dependent upon 
commercial agriculture for their food. 
We must consciously supplement to make up the difference be- 
tween the high levels of minerals that were in our father’s bread and 
the significantly reduced mineral levels in our commercially prepared 
bread. 
USDA Nutrient Data Base Comparing 
1975 Values With 2004 
Only when one looks at a USDA data base that compares the 
level of vitamins and minerals in certain common foods between 
1975 and 2004, do we truly understand how depleted our foods 
have become since we gave up back yard gardens and wood ashes:

HELLS KITCHEN 211 
USDA Nutrient Data Base 
Food 1975 2004 % Change 
Iron (mg per 100 grams) 
Apples O3 0.12 - 60% 
Blueberries 1.0 0.28 DVO ee 
Onions Os 0.19 - 62% 
Tomatoes On 0.45 - 10% 
Carrots O57, 0.30 - 57% 
Spinach heh oie a - 13% 
Corn Ohi OLD? - 26% 
Peas 1.9 1.47 - 23% 
Broccoli el 0.73 - 33% 
Kale PeTh 7G, - 37% 
Strawberries 1.0 0.42 - 58% 
Calcium (mg per 100 grams) 
Apples 7 6 - 14% Blueberries 1S 6 - 60% 
Onions Daf, 22 - 18% 
Tomatoes By, 33 -11% 
Green beans 56 37 - 33% 
Corn 3 Dy - 33% 
Peas 26 25 - 4% 
Broccoli 103 47 - 54% 
Kale 249 135 - 46% 
Strawberries 21 16 - 24% 
Vitamin A (Int. units per 100 grams) 
Apples 90 aa - 40% 
Blueberries 100 54 - 46% 
Onions 40 2 - 95% 
Tomatoes 900 623 - 31% 
Corn 400 1 - 400% 
Broccoli 2,500 660 - 14% 
Strawberries 60 1: - 80% 
Vitamin C (mg per 100 grams) 
Blueberries 14 9.7 - 31% 
Onions 10 6.4 - 36% 
Carrots 8 5.9 - 26% 
Potatoes 20 4: - 43% 
Green beans 19 16.3 - 14% 
Spinach 51 28.1 - 45% 
Corn 12 6.8 - 44% 
Broccoli 13 89.2 lly & 
Kale 186 120.0 - 35% 
Strawberries 59 59.0 0%

212 
Immigrant Statistic 
A simple barometer of the nutritional value of the American diet 
is the health of immigrants. We can look at what happens to people 
who leave their third world birth place and come to the U.S. for a 
new life. In a study published in the Journal of the American Medical 
Association, December 15, 2004, it was reported that, “The longer 
you live in America, the more likely you are to be obese.” 
The study examined the obesity rates among immigrants and 
native born Americans. It found that immigrants, regardless of race 
or country of origin, living in the USA for more than fifteen years 
resulted in an average of a ten pound weight gain - the product of 
being placed in the mineral deficient “Feedlot Syndrome” fostered 
by the American “four food group” mentality, and the loss of their 
historical “culinary” and garden ashes without any concerted effort 
to replace them. 
Minerals Have Personalities 
The most significant development in the trace element field of 
study in the last twenty five years of the 20th century was the recog- 
nition that trace mineral elements have a fundamental role in health 
maintenance for humans and that optimal intakes from food sources 
can no longer be taken for granted. 
The essential role of trace elements in the support and mainte- 
nance of the human immune system against bacteria, viruses, fungi 
and cancer, degenerative diseases and birth defects are well docu- 
mented. The mode of action and the tissue concentrations of trace 
elements varies considerably. The only common denominator of 
trace minerals is that they are all found in exceedingly low amounts 
in the healthy tissue. They are usually found in parts per million 
(ppm); micrograms/gram (u/g); or with some as low as parts per 
billion (ppb) or nanograms per gram (ng/g). 
The concentration of trace elements in tissue or requirement lev- 
els does not represent their relative importance as an essential nutri- 
ent. The concentrations of trace elements and their functional con-

HELLS KITCHEN 213 
centration must be continuously maintained within narrow physi- 
ological limits if the functional and structural fabric of the tissues 
and organs of the animal and human body are to be maintained for 
optimal fertility, development, growth, health and longevity. 
Higher species such as birds, mammals and humans have a “ho- 
meostatic” mechanism that maintains tissue concentrations of trace 
minerals at optimal levels at their physiological sites. 
Almost all trace elements function as catalysts for a cellular or 
sub-cellular enzyme system. Enzymes are simply proteins that do 
work and in their role as catalysts their function ranges from that of 
a weak ionic (ph affects) modulator to highly specific metalloenzyme 
(“metallic finger”) functions for DNA and RNA. 
In metalloenzymes, the metal atom cannot be substituted by any 
other trace element. Although Vallee has demonstrated that Co and 
Cd can replace Zinc in certain enzymes with some changes in sub- 
strate specificity but the enzyme is not deactivated. 
Because of the frequently wide disparity between the absolute 
and dietary requirements (results from different intestinal absorp- 
tion efficiencies for individual elements) the most efficient form of 
trace mineral supplement, such as plant derived colloidal minerals 
should be consumed. 
For the metallic form of iodine the ratio of absorption is almost 
1:1; for iron it’s 1:10 and for chromium it’s 1:100. 
The RDA (Recommended Daily Allowance) and RDI (Recom- 
mended Daily Intake) and other dietary recommendations for trace 
elements are conceived by the National Science Foundation to “meet 
the needs of practically all healthy people” - they are not applicable 
for people with “health challenges” or full blown disease states. 
Initial Depletion Phase 
Initial depletion of trace elements in animals and humans is char- 
acterized by changes only in the metabolism of the element itself in 
response to a suboptimal intake, the individual target tissue com- 
pensating so that no disturbance of biological structure or function 
are detectable by means of a test. Increased intestinal absorption effi-

214 
ciency; and/or reduction in excretion; and gradual diminishment of 
body reserves occurs. Pica occurs in a mild form at this early stage of 
deficiency. This phase of trace mineral deficiency returns to normal 
(including the elimination of the pica behavior) quickly with a re- 
turn of optimal intake. 
Compensated Metabolic Phase 
The compensated metabolic phase is characterized by a reduc- 
tion of certain specific biochemical functions, such as trace mineral 
dependent enzyme reactions or receptor sites. The “homeostatic” 
mechanism becomes ineffective in maintaining the normal trace min- 
eral concentrations at receptor sites causing a reduction in biochemi- 
cal function (i.e. - low blood sugar, irregular heart beat, loss of hair 
color, weight gain, mild obesity, etc.). Pica becomes evident in the 
individuals everyday life - they become “chocoholics” or “cola ad- 
dicts.” Supplementation with minerals will quickly reverse the symp- 
toms and behavior changes including pica and the more extreme 
“munchies.” 
Decompensated Metabolic Phase 
The decompensated phase of trace element deficiency is charac- 
terized by the appearance of serious clinical symptoms or defects in 
the metabolic (i.e. - pre-diabetes, significant weight gain, obesity), 
cognative (i.e. - learning disabilities, ADD, ADHD, etc.), emotional 
(Dr. Jykell/Mr. Hyde, “Bad Seeds,” depression, manic depression, bi- 
polar, anger, rage, anxiety attacks, panic attacks, etc.), developmen- 
tal (dyslexia, gay behavior, spina bifida), structural (muscular dys- 
trophy, obesity), loss of work-stamina and reduction of the longevity 
(average M.D. lifespan is 56 years of age) of a species. Obsessive pica 
is obvious to even the casual observer - the affected individual is 
aware that they can not help themselves in curbing their cravings 
and appetites by means of conscious will alone.

HELVS KITCHEN 215 
Clinical Phase 
The clinical phase of trace mineral deficiency is characterized by 
the onset of full blown disease states and even death (i.e. - cardiomy- 
opathy, diabetes, cancer, aneurysms, arthritis, goiter, morbid obesity, 
etc.). For most trace mineral deficiencies in the clinical phase, diag- 
nosis by the “orthodox” physician is almost nonexistent; the cure 
however, is simply a matter of replacement of the trace element (a 
correct diagnosis can lead to a remarkably rapid positive clinical re- 
sponse ranging from forty eight hours to thirty days for recognizable 
results; including the loss of up to one pound of excess weight per 
day on a proper mineral supplement program); others do not reach 
full return to normal after permanent biochemical, chromosomal or 
gross physical damage has occurred. 
There are three basic types of minerals; they are not of equal 
size or biological value and size does matter! 
Metallic Minerals 
Metallic minerals include egg shell, oyster shell, calcium carbon- 
ate, limestone, coral calcium, dolomite, inorganic mineral salts, sea 
water, Great Salt Lake water, mineral oxides (i.e. - iron oxide, copper 
oxide, etc.), vortex waters, sea bed minerals, “soils” (which are usu- 
ally clay), sea bed clays, clays, “rock flours,” and various antacids 
such as Rollaids and Tums. 
Typically, metallic minerals are found in tablets and powders as 
gluconate (calcium gluconate, zinc gluconate, etc.), lactate, sulphates, 
carbonates and oxides (iron oxide, etc.). 
Metallic minerals, despite wild claims to the contrary are only 
eight to twelve percent biologically available to younger animals and 
humans; after attaining the age of thirty five to forty years, the availability of metallic minerals plummets to three to five percent. 
A typical metallic mineral supplement, either alone or as part of 
a multiple is calcium carbonate. Calcium carbonate can be purchased 
in 1,000 mg tablets or capsules (i.e. - coral calcium, limestone, egg

216 
shell, oyster shell, etc.), which breaks down to 400 mg of metallic 
calcium and 600 mg of carbonate. Two 1,000 mg calcium carbonate 
capsules or tablets do not give you 2,000 mg of calcium - they only 
give you 800 mg of elemental calcium and at a ten percent availabil- 
ity rate you net eighty (80) milligrams of bioavailable calcium. There- 
fore, to get 2,000 mg of usable calcium from a 1,000 mg capsule or 
tablet of calcium carbonate, you would have to take twenty five 25) 
capsules each day! A 100 capsule bottle of calcium carbonate will 
therefore only last four days. 
Amounts of Metallic Calcium in a 1,000 mg Tablet 
Calcium Source mg available 
Calcium gluconate 90 
Calcium carbonate 400 
Calcium acetate 230 
Calcium citrate 210 
Calcium lactate 140 
Cows milk (1000 mg fluid) 10 
Chelated Minerals 
Chelated (Key - lay - ted) minerals were an invention of the live- 
stock industry. In the 1940s, the livestock industry, to ensure maxi- 
mum availability of dietary and supplemental minerals fed to live- 
stock being fattened for market, created a new form of minerals. 
The original chelating agent used was calcium EDTA, a man- 
made amino acid that was created by the Germans just prior to WWII 
to antidote arsenic and lead exposure in chemical warfare attacks 
(calcium EDTA is used today for intravenous chelation therapy to 
open up obstructed arteries). 
The term chelated, from the Latin, literally means “claw,” but in 
more modern times it is used to describe the process by which an 
amino acid, protein or enzyme (enzymes are proteins that do work) 
is wrapped around the mineral molecule which enhances the

HELLS KITCHEN 217 
bioavailability of the metallic mineral. 
Chelated minerals are approximately forty to sixty five percent 
bio-available, a 400 percent increase over the availability of metallic 
minerals - certainly a significant improvement over the amounts of 
elemental minerals absorbed. 
Chelated minerals are easily recognized on the label of a multiple 
vitamin/mineral supplement or free standing calcium supplement 
such as selenomethionine, chromium picolinate, or sometimes as an 
“amino acid chelate.” 
Colloidal Minerals 
Colloidal (Koal-oid-ul) chemistry while not a new concept, is 
not widely known about or understood by the general public. Sim- 
ply said, a colloid refers to a substance that exists as ultra fine par- 
ticles that are suspended in a medium of different matter. The colloi- 
dal state is the state of a solute (mineral or other substance such as a 
paint pigment) in a solution when its molecules do not separate into 
atoms as with a true solution (sodium chloride or salt separates into 
separate sodium and chloride atoms while in solution), but rather 
the colloidal particle remains grouped together to form solute par- 
ticles. 
The presence of these inorganic colloidal particles, which are 
approximately one hundred-thousandth to one ten-millionth of a 
centimeter in diameter (about 400 thousandths to four millionths of 
an inch), can often be detected by means of an electron microscope. 
Asa result of the grouping of the molecules, a solute in the colloidal 
state cannot pass through a suitable semi-permeable membrane and 
gives rise to negligible osmotic pressure (they will pass through filter 
paper), depression of freezing point and elevation of boiling point 
effects. 
These ultra-fine particles of the colloid are just barely larger than 
most molecules and are so small that they can’t be seen with the 
naked eye - about one billion of these colloid particles would fit into 
0.01 cubic inch. 
The “solution” part of a colloid provides a solid, gas or liquid

218 
medium in which the colloid particles are suspended. The suspended 
particles in a colloid can also be a solid, a gas or a liquid. 
In 1925, H. Freundlich classified solutions into three categories: 
1. True solutions 
2. Colloidal solutions 
3. Emulsions and suspensions 
The four part method of classifying solutions is as follows: 
1. Identify particle size 
Determine presence of Brownian movement (random 
movement of particles suspended in liquids or gasses 
resulting from the impact of molecules of the fluid 
surrounding the particles). 
3. Ability to pass through filter paper 
4. Level of solubility 
In 1975, S.S. Voyutsky (a Russian) wrote the classic text on col- 
loidal chemistry. Voyutsky referred to solutions as “molecular disper- 
sion systems” and “heterogeneous highly dispersed colloidal systems.” 
The exact point between the molecular and colloidal degrees of 
dispersion cannot be established because the transition from mo- 
lecularly dispersed systems to coarsely dispersed systems is a con- 
tinuum. 
A colloidal system must have three basic characteristics: 
1) It must be heterogeneous (consists of dissimilar ingredients 
or constituents). 
2) The system must be multi-phasic (i.e. - solid/liquid; gas/ 
liquid, etc.) 
3) The particles must be insoluble (do not dissolve in the 
solution). 
Each one of these classifications interacts with the others to give 
colloids their unique qualities. The interesting thing about colloids is 
that they remain heterogeneous, multi-phasic and insoluble at differ-

HELLS KITCHEN 219 
ent concentrations as long as a larger number if not all of the par- 
ticles are within the range of sizes of colloids (1n to 100 n). 
The molecular groups or particles of the colloid solute carry a 
resultant electrical charge, generally the same sign (negative) for all 
of the particles. A small percentage of these inorganic colloids will 
pass through the intestine of a living animal or human because a 
natural chelating process takes place in the gut in the presence of 
protein-containing food. 
Inorganic colloidal material which readily passes through filter 
paper may be separated from dissolved substances, such as starch, 
sugar or salt, by placing the mixture of mineral colloid and non-colloid in a parchment shell surrounded by distilled water. The inorganic colloids are “too large” to pass through the membrane, but the 
molecules of salt, starch and sugar or any other dissolved substance 
pass readily through the semi-permeable membrane (they separate 
into individual atoms or very small molecules). This kind of separation process is called dialysis. 
In the process of digestion, the inorganic minerals in food or 
supplements soon become inorganic colloids and as an inorganic 
colloid they cannot penetrate the intestinal wall to enter the blood 
stream. In the presence of amino acids, a small percentage of the 
inorganic colloids form chelated minerals and organic colloids which 
are able to be dialyzed through the mucus membranes of the intesti- 
nal walls into the blood stream - this bio-available mineral state is 
known as a “crystalloid.” 
Crystalloids or organic colloids readily pass through cell walls, 
while inorganic colloids are “too large.” Additionally, we must re- 
member that in the living organism there are other physiological forces 
at work, notably “active transport,” which interferes with or modifies 
the expected osmotic phenomenon. 
Active transport, refers to the act of the intestinal mucosal cell 
reaching out with a pseudopodium, engulfing and transporting the 
particle into itself and then transported into the adjacent blood steam. 
In fact most absorbed food and nutrients are absorbed into the hu- 
man body by active transport rather than by a passive trip through a 
semi-permeable membrane.

220 
Colloidal mineral supplements and commercial colloids are found 
in four different forms: 
1. Unprotected colloids are made of bare “rock flour,” this is the 
form of inorganic metallic colloid found in the sea bed minerals, 
clays, “soils,” and “glacial milk.” This form of inorganic colloid is in 
fact a metallic mineral and is only available to plants when there is a 
healthy soil population of bacteria and fungi. 
2. The second type of mineral colloid is found in living systems 
of bacteria, fungi, green plants (food crops), animals and humans 
and is coated by a water loving (hydrophilic) substance such as gela- 
tin, albumin, albuminoids, or collagen. This coating protects the now 
“organic mineral colloid” and allows it to be a crystalloid for absorp- 
tion, storage and physiological uses and thus maximizing its 
bioavailability up to 98 percent. 
3. The third type of organic mineral colloids has a protective coat- 
ing of carbon with a molecular chain length of 10 to 12 carbon at- 
oms. This type of colloid is also found in bacteria, fungi, plants (in- 
cluding some forms of petrified wood), animals and humans and is 
thought to be the most stable form of natural organic mineral col- 
loid. 
4. The fourth type of mineral colloid is not found in nature, but 
rather is manufactured industrially by coating the metallic colloid 
with sulfated castor oil (lipophyllic or fat or oil loving) to form com- 
mercial detergents. 
Humic Shale 
Humic “shale” is a unique source of plant derived colloidal min- 
erals. Humic shale originated from plants during the Carboniferous 
Era, those lush tropical plants took up some seventy seven plus me- 
tallic minerals available to them from a fertile soil that had as many 
as eighty four minerals. 
The ancient soil was so rich with minerals that trees grew as much 
as twenty five feet per year; the great brontosaurus or “thunder liz-

HELLS KITCHEN 221 
ard” attained a body weight of 140,000 pounds (seventy tons) with a 
mouth no larger than that of a horse - the ability of the brontosaurus 
to attain such a bulk with so little a mouth, meant he was consuming 
plants rich with concentrated mineral nutrients. 
A volcanic eruption covered these mineral rich forests with a thin 
layer of mud and ash, thick enough to create an air-tight “vault” and 
dried or desiccated the plants into a deep accumulation of “hay,” 
plant compost or a “pre-coal” form, but not deep enough or heavy 
enough to pressurize the dried plant material into coal or oil - in 
effect it became a prehistoric compost. | 
The entombed humic shale never fossilized or petrified, in other 
words they never became rocks - just a compressed, dried, prehis- 
toric compost pile that contains a high level of plant derived colloi- 
dal minerals. 
Humic shale can be used as an excellent soil conditioner for or- 
ganic gardens, farms and ranches as it supplies a rich source of hu- 
mus and no less than seventy five plant-derived colloidal minerals. 
Humic shale can also be ground into a fine meal and soaked for 
three to four weeks in filtered spring water, it then provides a high 
quality plant derived colloidal liquid mineral supplement that con- 
tains not less than 19,000 mg of plant minerals per quart. 
It takes seventy eight pounds of humic shale to produce the min- 
erals in one quart of liquid plant minerals. The seventy eight pounds 
of humic shale represents approximately 1,034 pounds of lush pre- 
historic green mineral rich plants. The fluid extract of high grade 
humic shale contains no less than seventy seven plant derived colloi- 
dal minerals and is up to 98 percent available for animals and hu- 
mans. 
In the absence of wood ashes for use in cooking (“culinary” ashes), 
to cut table salt and to fertilize the garden, we must supplement with 
minerals to avoid mineral deficiency diseases including obesity (the 
Feedlot Syndrome), diabetes, the Metabolic Syndrome, arthritis, os- 
teoporosis, periodontal disease, anemia, hypothyroidism, bone spurs, 
kidney stones, etc. 
Our experience with literally millions of users, tells us that the 
plant derived colloidal minerals are an effective replacement for the

222 
Essential Minerals Found ina 
High Quality Humic Shale * 
Aluminum Gold Rhenium 
Arsenic Hafnium Rubidium 
Barium Holmium Samarium 
Beryllium Hydrogen Scandium 
Boron Iodine Selenium 
Bromine Iron Silica 
Calcium Lanthanum Silver 
Carbon Lithium Sodium 
Cerium Lutecium Strontium 
Cesium Magnesium Sulfur 
Chloride Manganese Tantalum 
Chromium Molybdenum Terbium 
Cobalt Neodymium Thulium 
Copper Nickel Tin 
Dysprosium Niobium Titanium 
Erbium Nitrgen Vanadium 
Europium Oxygen Ytterbium 
Gadolinium Phosphorus Ytrium 
Gallium Potassium Zinc 
Germanium Praseodymium Zirconium 
* Many of the minerals listed are not “classically” considered to be “essential,” however, they all meet two or more of the criteria for an essential 
nutrient.

HELLS KITCHEN 223 
wood ashes that are no longer available to modern Americans. 
Failure to consciously replace the lost plant minerals we histori- 
cally harvested from our cooking and heating fires with colloidal 
plant minerals (plant derived colloidal minerals) will be the most 
catastrophic event in human history - the cost in human misery, death 
and increase in medical cost will destroy American society, a goal 
that eluded our cultural, financial and political enemies (both for- 
eign and domestic) have worked towards since 1776.

224

Chapter 14 
“The most exquisite folly is made of wisdom spun too fine.” 
- Benjamin Franklin 
Obesity, Diabetes & the 
Metabolic Syndrome 
Sixty five percent of Americans are overweight and thirty one 
percent are obese (thirty pounds or more overweight); by 2005, obe- 
sity will surpass tobacco as the number one preventable killer of 
Americans; by 2010 seventy five percent of Americans are projected 
to be over weight and forty percent of Americans are projected to be 
obese. 
Obesity, treated as a disease of gluttony, increased by ninety five 
percent between the 1990s and 2000; anti-obesity drugs, diet and 
surgery treatment programs have made 20th and 21st century doc- 
tors wealthy, however, obesity has cut into the bottom line of many 
other industries including the travel industry. 
On December 8, 2004, the Northwestern University Medical 
School of Chicago, Illinois released a report that was published in 
the Journal of the American Medical Association, the report highlighted 
the American obesity epidemic’s effect on the Medicare system - “with 
current trends of increasing overweight and obesity afflicting all age 
groups, urgent preventive measures are required not only to lessen 
the burden of disease and disability associated with excess weight 
but also to contain future health care costs incurred by the aging

226 
population.” 
The report from the Feinberg School of Medicine, “found that 
the annual average Medicare charges for severely obese men were 
$6,192 more than for non-overweight men - 84 percent higher.” 
For severely obese women, “the annual average Medicare charges 
were $5,618 more, or 88 percent higher than for women not over- 
weight.” 
For men, “the total average annual Medicare charges for those 
not overweight were $7,205, for the overweight $8,390, for the obese 
$10,128 and for those men who were severely obese $13,674.” 
The total average annual Medicare charges “for women in the 
same weight groups were $6,224, $7,653, $$9,612 and $12,342.” 
Approximately 12 percent of American adults over the age of 
sixty five years were considered obese in 2004, a figure that is pro- 
jected to increase to 20 percent by the year 2050 - obesity usually 
occurs concurrently with hypertension, diabetes, coronary artery dis- 
ease and the Metabolic Syndrome. 
During the 1990s alone the average American's body weight went 
up ten pounds. Seemingly benign, these ten pounds have crushed 
the American airlines industry with their weight. These extra ten 
pounds caused the airlines industry to spend an extra $275 million 
to consume an additional 350 million gallons of jet fuel to carry the 
additional blubber in the year 2000 alone (American Journal of Pre- 
ventive Medicine). 
“The obesity epidemic has unexpected consequences beyond di- 
rect health effects,” said Dr. Deron Burton of the CDC. “Our goal was 
to highlight one area that had not been looked before.” According to 
the study, the additional fuel burned to carry the additional weight 
also had a devastating environmental impact; an estimated 3.8 mil- 
lion extra tons of carbon dioxide were released into the atmosphere 
in the year 2000 which directly contributes to our earthly problems 
of global warming and desertification. 
The average human has 40 billion fat cells, and they can easily 
and quickly reproduce and duplicate into a population of 100 bil- 
lion fat cells in the obese; and they are tough, resilient and defend 
themselves vigorously almost as if they were directed by a brain that

HELV’S KITCHEN 227 
had a defense plan. 
The most simplistic view of obesity is that, “the fat person 
consumes more calories than they burn.” However, it is quite 
clear that obesity is not that simple. Fat people are driven to eat! 
Their conscious will can only override this command to eat for 
so long and eventually they will succumb to the command and 
eat, and eat, and eat. 
This almost psychotic urgency to eat in spite of being obese, in 
spite of having high blood pressure, in spite of heart disease, in spite 
of having diabetes, in spite of social rejection is a powerful and irre- 
sistible force. 
This force that commands a fat person to eat despite all human 
effort to resist can only be created by one possible condition - min- 
eral deficiencies that result in pica a.k.a. the “munchies.” 
Types and Locations of Fat 
Fat cells are known to function differently in various parts and 
zones of the body. Fat accumulated on the hips and thighs, the “pear 
shape,” is thought to be less dangerous metabolically; this is a double 
edged sword because hip and thigh fat deposits are also the hardest 
to get rid of. 
Visceral fat or abdominal fat inside the body cavity is blamed for 
a higher risk of diabetes, cancer, cardiovascular disease, high blood 
pressure and elevated triglycerides. 
Visceral fat actually produces “inflammation” encouraging the } 
production of free radical compounds that today are thought to be 
the cause of arteriosclerosis and stimulates the production of clot- 
promoting chemicals. Here is where obese and even overweight in- 
dividuals can protect themselves from the free radical damage to their 
arteries by ramping up on their antioxidant intake - it is best to error 
on the side of high intake of antioxidants. The good news is, visceral 
fat is the first fat to be lost as a result of exercise. 
While unsightly and cosmetically undesirable, subcutaneous fat 
tends to be metabolically benign. A 2004 study conducted by Wash- 
ington University in St. Louis showed that removing an average of

228 
twenty two pounds of subcutaneous fat with liposuction did not 
improve the health of the obese person; elevated blood pressure did 
not fall; elevated cholesterol and triglycerides did not drop; and el- 
evated blood sugar did not improve following liposuction procedures. 
There have been uncountable diet plans throughout the centu- 
ries: low calorie diets; low fat diets; low carbohydrate diets, etc. Yet, 
the American obesity epidemic and the world wide pandemic of over- 
weight and obese kids and adults, diabetes and the Metabolic Syn- 
drome (large deposit of visceral abdominal fat, high blood pressure, 
elevated cholesterol and triglycerides, insulin resistance, etc.) con- 
tinue to spiral out of control. 
If improper diet in terms of percentages of carbohydrates, fats 
and proteins was the root cause of obesity, we would have long ago 
eliminated the pandemic and epidemic weight problem. The pur- 
pose of the research that led to the creation of this book, was to 
identify the actual bottom line cause, prevention and cure (in the 
purist sense) of obesity. So we will begin with the successes and fail- 
ures of various peoples. 
The Amish 
The Old Order Amish arrived in North America during the 1700s, 
and yet today in the 21st century, they maintain their old ways. The 
Amish have rejected almost all modern conveniences including elec- 
tricity, natural gas, propane, internal combustion engines and tele- 
phones. 
The Amish still use horses to pull their family carriages and bug- 
gies instead of automobiles, they still use horses to power and pull 
their farm implements, they use kerosene or fireplaces to light their 
homes at night, they use wood fires to cook and heat with, and in the 
21st century they are still adding the wood ash byproduct of their 
kitchen stoves and hearth to their composts and gardens. 
There are 30,000 Old Order Amish in the U.S. today, compared 
with almost 300 million Americans who have willingly and gleefully 
given up the old ways and transitioned their daily lives to electricity, 
automobiles, farm tractors and telephones.

HELLS KITCHEN 229 
The rates of obesity (4 %) and type II diabetes (6 %) in the Amish 
population are only ten percent and fifty percent of those reported 
by their “modern” neighbors living in the same county but on the 
other side of the cultural fence. 
Most casual observers believe the lower rate of obesity and dia- 
betes in the Amish is due to a better, more wholesome diet and the 
physical demands of an 18th century farm life. 
We have spent a considerable amount of time living with the 
Amish in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania and we can assert with 
complete certainty and honesty that the Amish consume more sugar, 
more fat, more red meat, and more dairy products than anyone in 
North America. They are famous for Shoo-fly pie, mince meat pie, 
apple pie, sweet-potato pie, hot oatmeal with brown sugar, potatoes 
of every type, gravy, breads, pancakes, molasses and waffles with 
maple syrup. 
The Amish are heavy consumers of whole milk, butter and cheese; 
they eat pork, beef, goat and mutton three times each day; and they 
are big consumers of poultry and eggs. 
The carriage and draft horses do most of the physical work on an 
Amish farm, so what gives them a significantly lower rate of obesity 
and diabetes? It’s the wood ashes! The wood ashes are the humble 
source of essential minerals that are dutifully put into their gardens 
every morning. Wood ashes are like oxygen, we can’t do without 
them (or their replacement), yet they are hidden in plain sight! They 
don’t get any respect! 
Nez Perce Indians 
Obesity and diabetes are relatively recent disease problems for 
the Native American population of North America - prior to the 1940s, 
obesity and diabetes were rare diseases. An examination of the health 
and morbidity reports compiled by civilian and military physicians 
between the 1830s and the 1930s confirms that diabetes were rare 
diseases in Native Americans. 
Since the 1940s the rate and incidence of obesity and diabetes in 
the Native American population has grown to pandemic and epi-

230 
demic levels. A CDC report estimated 15.3 percent of the Nez pierce 
Indians were diagnosed with diabetes in 2002. Approximately thirty 
three percent of all Native Americans fifty five years of age and older 
were diagnosed with diabetes by 2003. In some tribes, diabetes and 
obesity affects up to fifty percent of the adult members over the age 
of thirty five years. These rates of diabetes and obesity in Native 
Americans are the highest incidence reported in any culture in the 
world. 
Prior to the 1940s, Native Americans still lived on the reserva- 
tion and lived a traditional lifestyle including a traditional diet. Stud- 
ies of photographs of Native Americans, at the end of the 19th cen- 
tury, showed that most Indians were lean and physically fit. Their 
diets consisted of goat, mutton, beef and unrefined grains, including 
corn that was prepared with “culinary” wood ashes - wood ashes 
were still being put into their gardens as fertilizer. 
During the 1960s and 1970s the Indian Health Services began to 
notice a dramatic rise in the rate of diagnosis of adult onset type II 
diabetes and obesity. Unfortunately, the IHS focused on screening, 
early traditional treatment and diabetic drug programs and surgery 
(amputations). The diabetes therapy program developed for Native 
Americans is so drug driven that pharmacists have been designated 
as the “primary” educators and monitors of the diabetic Native Ameri- 
can patient. 
Between 1998 and 2001, respondents in an Idaho, Oregon and 
Washington survey reported that obesity was 250 percent higher in 
Native Americans when compared to all races. 
A 2004 pilot supplement study (Wallach, J.D., MacCoy, B., Henry, 
L. and Schrauzer, G.N.) with the Nez Perce Indians of Idaho, has 
shown that almost all participants lost weight, significantly reduced 
blood pressure and reduced fasting blood sugars by thirty to fifty 
percent. All were able to significantly reduce or wean off of their 
medication. 
The Nez Perce diabetes and obesity program was based on a 
mineral supplement program (plant derived colloidal minerals) that 
replaced the “culinary” and fertilizer wood ashes given up by Native 
Americans as they transitioned into modern electric, natural gas and .

HELLS KITCHEN 231 
propane kitchen and heating fuels. 
Pima Indians 
The Pima Indians are a band of Native Americans who live on the 
invisible border dividing Arizona and Mexico. The Pima band on 
both sides of the border are from the identical genetic pool; yet the 
Pima Indians on the Mexican side of the border have almost no type 
II diabetes and have only a ten percent obesity rate compared with 
the twenty two percent diabetes and seventy percent obesity in the 
Arizona Pimas! 
With a small population of 12,000 individuals, the Arizona Pimas 
ran up a $7 million annual Federal cost for pharmaceutical treat- 
ments; additionally $3 million was spent annually for dialysis charges 
for diabetics. As a result of the epidemic and pandemic rate of diabe- 
tes and obesity, the Arizona Pima Indian’ life span is shorter than the 
average American population by 15 - 19 years. 
The Pima Native Americans from Arizona live in trailer homes 
that use natural gas or propane, electric stoves and microwave ovens 
for cooking and heating - they use automobiles, pickup trucks and 
tractors and they buy food and government Native American “com- 
modities” from the grocery store like everybody else. 
The Arizona Pima’ transition from subsistence farming and wood 
stoves, and their traditional diet to the American lifestyle began in 
the 1940s and by 1960 the epidemic of obesity and type II diabetes, 
seemingly targeting the Arizona Pimas, had started in earnest. 
By contrast the Pima Indians living south of the Arizona border 
in Mexico, are still subsistence farmers, they still cook and heat their 
homes with wood, and, as we go to press they are still putting their 
wood ashes into their gardens every morning. 
What Then is Obesity? 
Obesity, bottom line, is a deficiency disease - a deficiency of an ) 
entire category of essential nutrients - minerals. Certainly the symp- 
toms and clinical presentation of the simple uncomplicated deficien- 
cies are rarely seen anymore, as they are exacerbated or aggravated

232 
by the increased intake of sugars and carbohydrates and reduction in 
Exercise: 
The deficiencies of just about any or all essential minerals will 
result in pica, cribbing, cravings, binge eating and the munchies in 
varying degrees. The deficiency of even one essential mineralyresults 
in a slight increase in food cravings and the “stand in front of the 
open refrigerator door” behavior. 
It is the intersection of multiple mineral deficiencies and the 
excess intake of calories that produce obesity. 
The deficiencies of essential minerals, also explains why women 
gain excess weight during a pregnancy and breast feeding, they lo@se 
minerals to their babies, and if they fail to replace minerals faster 
than the babies steal them, the resulting pica and munchies cause 
the new mom to eat, and eat, and eat. 
The deficiency of two or more essential minerals will produce a significant level of pica, cravings and binge eating. Iron 
and phosphorus deficiencies occurring at the same time will result in an almost psychotic binge eating and soft drink consumption rampage that results in morbid obesity. 
The act of reducing calories from carbohydrate, fat and protein 
can result in weight loss, however, reducing calories alone does not 
solve the systemic effects of mineral deficiencies, which explains why 
individualswho drop off of the highly restricted diets of all types will 
regain the weight that they had lost; it also explains why many indi- 
viduals maintain or gain weight even when they are truly cutting 
back on calories. 
Glucose is an “all-purpose” fuel sugar that can be used as a 
source of energy by the body. However, the overt intake of sug- 
ars is not necessary, as adequate levels of blood glucose can be 
made from dietary or stored fat and protein. Sugars and carbo- 
hydrates are not essential nutrients, they are quick sources of 
energy, they can be fun to eat, however they are not necessary or 
essential to consume. 
A portion of whatever we eat, including bread, rice, or beans is 
converted to glucose. To keep the blood levels of glucose at the level 
each of us requires, the hormone insulin is produced by the Islet’s of .

HELLS KITCHEN 233 
Langerhans, and released to regulate the rate of glucose metabolism. 
Insuling.can’t perform properly without several cofactors includ- 
ing the trace minerals chromium and vanadium. As we consume food, 
insulin is released into the blood from the pancreas to regulate the 
use and storage of sugar and carbohydrate. 
Carbohydrates are fractured into the simple sugar glucose and 
used for an instant energy source, glycogen (animal starch) for stor- 
age and later use or converted to body fat for long term storage. The 
body’s ability to control or manage the use of blood sugar is referred 
to as “glucose tolerance.” 
The absence of or insufficient levels of dietary or supplemental 
chromium and vanadium, results in blood glucose being converted 
into blood lipids and body fat, rather than efficiently being burned 
for energy. The concurrent deficiencies chromium, vanadium and 
other minerals results in ravenous hunger, cravings, binge eating, 
pica, cribbing and the munchies. 
The increased intake of carbohydrate in the form of sugar 
(one half pound per person per day in 2004 compared with one 
half pound per person per year in the 1700s) and the deficien- 
cies of minerals are the basic root causes of obesity. It is an inter- 
esting fact, that as the Asian and Latin American countries “catch 
up to western countries in terms of lifestyles and economics,” 
their rates of obesity catch up as well! 
The reason that the transition from third world cultures to indus- 
trialized cultures results in an almost immediate increase in obesity 
is that they give up using wood for fuel - they convert to electricity, 
natural gas and propane for heating and cooking fuels! There are no 
wood ashes left to put in the gardens or for use as “culinary miner- 
als.” 
The resulting mineral deficiencies produce the munchies, cravings 
and binge eating; add to these deficiencies a significant increase in 
carbohydrates in the diet and only one thing can happen - obesity! 
In 1971, 14.5 % of Americans were obese; in 2004 the rate rose 
to 30.9 %. The number of American deaths attributed to obesity is 
400,000 per year and expected to rise by 2005 to be the highest 
cause of preventable deaths.

od 
From 1996 to 2001, 2 million American teens and young adults 
swelled the ranks of the clinically obese. According to the Journal of 
the American Medical Association, March, 2004, the total cost for this 
level of obesity is a whopping $117 billion per year. 
The rate of obesity in American teens between the ages of 12 and 
19 was five percent in 1980, the rate rose to fifteen percent in 2004. 
Serving Size Changes 
Food Size Change Calorie Change 
Burger 1954 2004 1954 2004 
DROVOZI FAOOZ 202 310 
Fries 1955 2004 1955 2004 
DEALOT wa ena OZ 210 610 
Hershey’ Bar 1900 2004 1900 2004 
DOIOZTP ST O'0z 297 1,000 
Coca Cola 1916 2004 1916 2004 
O10 Zz 0:0 0z 79 194 
Movie Popcorn 1950’s_ = =2004 1950's 2004 
3 Cups” 2lrcups 174 1,700 
The average American women’ dress size in 1950 was an 8, in 
2002 it rose to a 14. 
The obese individual suffers more frequently from a plethora of 
diseases and “complications” than does the slim individual. 
The adipose or fat tissue is the primary storage organ for energy 
in the human. It is the main reservoir for stored calories ingested in 
excess of basal needs, and it gives up calories when caloric intake is 
delayed (missed meals) or in times of starvation. 
Excess energy is stored in adipose tissue in the form of triglycer- 
ides, when this process becomes excessive obesity occurs.

HELLS KITCHEN 235 
What is Adult Onset Type II Diabetes? 
Adult onset type II diabetes (insulin resistant diabetes) is a simple 
mineral deficiency disease. Insufficient dietary intakes, or reduced 
absorption efficiency of chromium, vanadium and other minerals 
produces increased blood levels of insulin. Increased blood levels of 
insulin produces hypoglycemia, hyperinsulinemia, narcolepsy, pre- 
diabetes and adult onset type II diabetes (insulin resistant diabetes). 
Adult onset type II diabetics produce more insulin than non- 
diabetics, adult onset type II diabetes is not an insulin problem; rather, 
it is a simple mineral deficiency problem. 
The relationship between chromium, vanadium, insulin and heart 
disease shows why the most common cause of death in diabetics is 
cardiovascular disease. This relationship is described by Walter Mertz, 
M.D., who reported that chromium was an essential nutrient in 1955 
- he was soon appointed to the Chairmanship of the USDA Human 
Nutrition Research Center in Beltsville, Maryland. 
“The most consistent effect of marginal chromium deficiency is 
elevated insulin response, and the first effect of chromium supple- 
mentation is the restoration of a normal response. It appears....that if 
we improve glucose tolerance, restore normal insulin levels and at 
the same time lower cholesterol levels - particularly (LDL cholesterol 
- the bad cholesterol) - we may reduce the risk of cardiovascular 
disease.” 
Richard J. Doisy, Ph.D., professor of biochemistry at the State 
University of New York, Upstate Medical Center, tested the effect of 
supplemental chromium on normal twenty to twenty five year olds. 
He found when healthy individuals were given chromium supple- 
ments, their pancreas did not have to produce as much insulin to 
manage their blood sugar levels. “This could be interpreted that even 
in ‘normal’ subjects the dietary intake of chromium is marginal,” 
Dr. Doisy, concluded. “My contention is that probably one-fourth 
to one-half of the people in this nation are deficient in chromium... 
We have relatively high tissue chromium levels at birth and it’s down- 
hill from there on in. And the result for the health of Americans is 
that millions have maturity (type II) onset diabetes. And millions

236 
suffer from vascular disease,” he reported. 
“You tend to increase (the rate of) your chromium excretion when 
you're eating excessive carbohydrates,” said Dr. Doisy. “And if the 
diet is not providing sufficient chromium (to make up for the in- 
creased rate of loss), then you are going to be in negative balance.” 
We have known since the 1957 reports by Walter Mertz, that the 
deficiencies of chromium and vanadium are the primary causes of 
diabetes, however, the concurrent deficiencies of other essential min- 
erals will “throw gasoline on the fire” of diabetes and produce all of 
the complications associated with the chronic form of the disease. 
Chromium is required for circulating glucose tolerance factor to 
function properly. Chromium is an essential trace element necessary 
for the normal glucose metabolism, It’s function is directly related to 
the function of insulin. 
Average American Serum Chromium 
Mean Cr blood levels (w/L) Year 
28 - 1000 1948 
180 1959 
320 1962 
170 19625) 
28 1960 
23 1968 
13 1971 
10 1972 
4D Oe 1973 
O73- 1:6 1974 
0.16 1978 
OAS 1980 
0.14 1983 
Opa he 1985

HELL'S KITCHEN 237 
Only the trivalent state of chromium is biologically active and it 
works by forming complexes with organic compounds. Insulin-chromium relationships are not restricted to glucose metabolism. Animal 
studies have shown that chromium stimulates amino acid transport 
and protein synthesis. 
Deficiency of chromium is characterized by glucose intolerance 
(hypoglycemia, insulin resistance, hyperinsulinemia and diabetes), 
poor growth, peripheral neuropathies, negative nitrogen balance (loss 
of muscle mass - sarcopenia) and a decreased respiratory quotient. 
The dramatic drop in serum chromium started when the wood 
ash byproduct of cooking and heating was no longer available for 
“culinary” ash - and, when the ashes were no longer being placed in 
our gardens. 
Signs of Chromium Deficiency in the Human 
¢ Impaired glucose tolerance (hypoglycemia, 
hyperinsulinemia, diabetes) 
¢ Elevated circulating insulin 
¢ Glycosuria (sugar in the urine) 
¢ Fasting hyperglycemia (elevated blood sugar) 
¢ Impaired growth 
¢ Decreased longevity 
¢ Elevated serum cholesterol and triglycerides 
¢ Increased incidence of aortic plaque (arteriosclerosis) 
¢ Peripheral neuropathy 
¢ Brain disorders (dementia) 
* Decreased fertility and lowered sperm count 
Anderson, 1981 
By 1977, K. N. Jeejeebhoy reported that chromium could eliminate the need for medical insulin in human patients. His intravenous 
use of chromium in human diabetics eliminated peripheral neuropathies and well as eliminated the need for insulin treatments to stabilize blood sugar. 
On August 31, 2004 Harvard investigators released the results of

238 
a fifteen year study on toe nail chromium levels and their relation- 
ship to the rate of diabetes. The Harvard School of Public Health 
scientists analyzed the toenails of 33,000 men ranging from 40 to 75 
years of age. They found that the men with the lower levels of chro- 
mium in their toenails had higher rates of heart disease and diabetes. 
The study was published in the September 2004 issue of Diabetes 
Care, the official journal of the American Diabetes Association. 
In 1991, the University of British Columbia declared that, “the 
trace mineral vanadium could replace insulin for adult onset type II 
diabetics.” 
Vanadium appears to function like insulin by altering cell mem- 
brane function for the ion transport process; therefore, vanadium 
has a very beneficial effect for humans with glucose tolerance prob- 
lems by making cell membrane receptors more sensitive to insulin. 
Vanadium inhibits cholesterol synthesis in animals and humans; 
this is followed by a drop in plasma cholesterol and reduced aortic 
cholesterol deposits. 
The number of Americans with diabetes in 1980 was 5.8 million, 
in 2004 the numbers rose to 13.3 million with an estimated 17 mil- 
lion American diabetics undiagnosed or at the pre-diabetic state. 
In between 1988 and 1994, 45.7 % of Americans over the age of 
eighteen years with diabetes were obese and between 1999 and 2002, 
54.8 % of Americans with diabetes were obese. 
What is the Metabolic Syndrome? 
The Metabolic Syndrome is characterized by insulin resistance 
(hyperinsulinemia, hypoglycemia, narcolepsy, pre-diabetes, etc.), 
hypertension, elevated cholesterol and triglycerides and abdominal 
obesity. 
The cause of the Metabolic Syndrome is not genetic, but rather a 
collection of multiple essential nutrient deficiencies including defi- 
ciencies as illustrated on the table of next page.

HELLS KITCHEN 239 
Nutritional deficiencies associated 
with the Metabolic Syndrome 
Nutrient Deficiency Clinical disease 
Omega -3 essential fatty acids _ elevated total cholesterol, elevated 
LDL, obesity, peripheral neuropathies, thrombotic disease, atherosclerosis 
Calcium hypertension, osteoporosis, 
peripheral neuropathies, insomnia, 
pica, obesity 
Chromium, vanadium diabetes, insulin resistance, 
hyperinsulinemia, hypoglycemia, 
pica, anxiety, depression, obesity 
Selenium cancer, cardiomyopathy heart 
disease, cataracts, macular 
degeneration, hypothyroidism, 
arteriosclerosis, atherosclerosis, 
pica 
Niacin pellagra, elevated cholesterol, 
dermatitis, dementia, diarrhea 
Phytonutrients (antioxidants) inflammation, arteriosclerosis, 
macular degeneration, cataracts, 
obesity, Metabolic Syndrome, 
Alzheimer’s disease, cancer, 
cardiovascular disease. 
The Nigerian Clue 
On February 1999, the journal Scientific American ran a cover 
article that looked at hypertension in African Americans. The article 
featured a blood pressure study including third world Nigerian tribes 
still living in the remote bush country and African Americans of Ni-

240 
gerian decent in the U.S. 
The tribal Nigerians had an average of seven percent of the indi- 
viduals with hypertension, while there was a thirty three percent rate 
of hypertension in the U.S. urban individuals - obviously, hyperten- 
sion in black people is not genetic, if hypertension was genetic, then 
the blood pressure of both groups would be seven percent and seven 
percent! 
What then causes the difference in the hypertension rates be- 
tween the two groups? The primitive tribal individuals still add the 
wood ashes from their heating and cooking fires into their gardens, 
mix the ashes with their salt and use the wood ashes as “culinary” 
ashes mixed with their food - while, their city cousins use electricity, 
natural gas and propane to cook and heat their homes with, and the 
rate of mineral supplementation in the African American commu- 
nity is very low. 
The Metabolic Syndrome sets up a systemic “inflammation 
crises” that produces arteriosclerosis and atherosclerosis of small 
and medium caliber arteries (cerebral, coronary and carotid ar- 
teries) by causing free radical damage to the single layer of inti- 
mal cells that line arteries, and by damaging (free radical dam- 
age) a portion of the circulating cholesterol to produce a higher 
level of LDL or “bad cholesterol.” 
Total cholesterol is analogous to paint on a house. All of the paint 
on the house came from the same paint can, yet the paint on the 
western exposure often times blisters, powders, oxidizes and flakes 
before the rest of the paint because as the sun sets in the west it 
produces an intense heat damage. Like wise the total circulating cho- 
lesterol comes from the same bucket, however, unprotected by anti- 
oxidants, a portion of the total will be damaged and become LDL. 
LDL is not a separate species of cholesterol, it is just damaged choles- 
terol and damaged cholesterol produces inflammation. 
The number of Americans with “high” cholesterol as defined by 
medical doctors was 37 million in 2004. The most popular drug 
prescribed to lower cholesterol was Lipitor (Pfizer) with 2003 sales 
listed as $5.8 billion resulting in an annual cost per patient of $1,100. 
Side effects of Lipitor include kidney damage, muscle weakness and.

HELLS KITCHEN 241 
thabdomyolysis, a muscle breakdown disease. 
The non drug alternatives that can be used to bring cholesterol 
into the normal range (220 - 270), includesya complete supplement 
program that provides all of the known 90 essential nutrients. In 
particular, chromium, vanadium, essential fatty acids, niacin and 
antioxidants (selenium, green tea, vegetables, dark berries, etc.) and 
a low carbohydrate diet are all known to bring cholesterol into the 
normal range. 
In 2004, the number of Americans with hypertension is listed as 
50 million. The most popular drug prescribed to bring blood pres- 
sure under control is Norvasc (Pfizer). In 2003 sales reached $1.9 
billion for an average annual cost per patient of $500. Side effects 
include dizziness, edema, flushing and palpitations. 
Non drug alternatives for controlling hypertension include a com- 
plete supplement program that would promote healthy blood pres- 
sure levels, including a focus on calcium, weight loss (intense min- 
eral supplement programs), the elimination of sugar, carbonated 
drinks, and caffeine - and the significant reduction of carbohydrates. 
A Brief History of Snacks 
Amelia Simmon’s cookbook, originally published in Hartford and 
then Albany in 1796, is considered the first American cookbook, not 
only because it was published after the Revolution, but because it 
was written by an American for Americans. 
Simmons was famous for huge dessert cakes, including her fa- 
mous “Independence Cake” - the recipe called for twenty pounds of 
flour, fifteen pounds of sugar, ten pounds of butter and twenty four 
eggs. Many of her dessert recipes called for “pearl-ash” (white wood 
ash) or potash. 
Simmons Honey Cake 
6 pound flour 1 oz ginger 
2 pound honey Orange peel (orange zest) 
1 pound sugar 2 tsp pearl ash 
2 oz cinnamon 6 eggs

2AZ 
Dissolve the pearl ash in milk, put the whole together, moisten 
with milk, bake 20 minutes. Amelia Simmons, American Cookery 
1796. 
In 1853, Cornelius Vanderbilt, tired of thick American fries, or- 
dered chef George Crum, of the Moon’ Lake lodge in Saratoga, NY, 
to create the first thin “potato chip.” Crum sliced potatoes paper thin, 
fried them, and the “Saratoga chip” was created and the snack food 
industry was born. 
In 1876, Charles Hires sold his root beer at the great Centennial 
Exposition. It contained sixteen roots and herbs including birch bark, 
spikenard, sarsaparilla and hops. He had sold his drink for seven 
years at his Philadelphia pharmacy after creating it on his honey moon 
in 1870. In 1877, Hires sold his root beer by mail order - a 25 cent 
packet that made five gallons. 
In 1880, Ira Remsen published an article describing his acciden- 
tal discovery of saccharin, a chemical substance he says is, “300 times 
sweeter than an equal amount of sugar.” Saccharin is a white crystal- 
line, aromatic compound that had no nutritive value as it passed 
through the body unchanged. 
Remsen felt that saccharin would have great commercial value 
because, “it could prove quite useful for diabetics, for fat people and 
others that could not use sugar.” 
In 1882, on Monday September 4, at 3:00 p.m. the switch was 
pulled and Edison’ first commercial electric generator hummed into 
action, current flowed and a new era of technological progress was 
joyously welcomed in. By 1950 we were totally captives and victims 
of HELLS KITCHEN and the epidemic of obesity, Metabolic Syn- 
drome and diabetes started in America unopposed. 
Between 1882 and 1950 there was not a single voice raised 
to expose the health dangers of a wood ash (mineral) free soci- 
ety. No matter how lofty our goals were for reaching out to space, 
no matter how many multiple organ transplants we performed 
and artificial hearts we installed and no matter how many politi- 
cally correct dreams and laws we wrote for cultural progress, we

HELLS KITCHEN 243 
ultimately would be held back for the lack of the basic elements 
required for the maintenance and repair of our flesh and blood 
bodies. 
In 1885, a new “tonic brain food and exhilarant” (Dr. Pepper) 
went on sale at Wade Morrison’s Old Corner Drug Store. Morrison 
moved to Waco, Texas from Virginia after his courtship with Miss 
Pepper was ended by her father who also happened to be his boss. 
Morrison headed west and bought the pharmacy, where a clerk named 
Charles Alderton and Morrison concocted a new drink - Morrison 
named it after Miss Pepper's father, Dr. Pepper! 
In 1886, John Styth Pemberton, a Civil War veteran and local 
Atlanta, Georgia pharmacist invented Coca Cola, which he sold for 5 
cents per glass. Sufferer’s of all kinds found “consolation” in the new 
coca-extract brew. It was billed asy“the intellectual beverage and tem- 
perance drink.” 
Coca Cola was said, “to cure dyspepsia (indigestion) and head- 
aches.” Pemberton claimed, “that it lifted the spirits as well.” The 
Atlanta pharmacist formed the Pemberton Chemical Company and 
registered a trade mark for French Wine of Coca, “an ideal nerve 
tonic and stimulant.” To attract the teetotalers he took out the alco- 
hol and added caffeine-rich kola nut extract. 
Coca Cola competed with other drinks including Imperial Inca 
Cola, Coca-coffee and Cocafeine. The original coca drink, vin Mariani, 
had won prizes from organizations all over Europe, one of which 
had called it a “wine for athletes.” 
Experts of the day said that, “cocaine can cure everything from 
head colds, to the mental depression that accompanies the hysteria 
(PMS) in the female to lack of energy.” 
Pemberton also created Globe of flower cough syrup, Indian 
Queen Hair Dye and Triplex Liver Pills. 
Pemberton joined forces with entrepreneur, Asa Chandler, who 
immediately saw the wider commercial value of the drink (Coca Cola) 
and turned a local curiosity into a business. The average sales of the 
original product per pharmacy reached nine bottles per day. 
In 1889, Chandler attributed mythical properties to Coca Cola 
and began to advertise it as a “sovereign remedy.” Many scientists of

244 
the day disagreed - by 1890, 400 clinical cases of acute suffering 
from cocaine abuse had been reported in medical journals. Physician 
Albrecht Erlenmeyer calls the drug “the third scourge on mankind,” 
after morphine and alcohol. Parke Davis sells it in cigarettes, oint- 
ments, tablets and injections. 
Angelo Mariani, whose vin Mariani was the drug's first commer- 
cial application, collected a list of well known users including Tho- 
mas Edison, Sigmund Freud and Pope Leo XIII who was said to keep 
a flask of vin Mariani under his belt. 
In 1892, The Edison General Electric Company merged with 
Thomson-Houston Electric to form General Electric. Edison was said 
to have been bitter because the new company did not bear his name. 
In 1894, Joseph Biedenharng was the first to market Coca Cola in 
a bottle. 
In 1894, Milton Hershey, a Lancaster, Pennsylvania candy maker, 
declared that, “caramels are only a fad, chocolate is a permanent thing.” 
He developed a chocolate product in the shape of a rectangular slab. 
The new chocolate “bar” was priced cheaply so it could become an 
everyday treat. The Hershey Milk Chocolate Bar, which also comes 
with almonds, is “prepared with skimmed milk from Pennsylvania 
COWS.” 
In 1895, the USDA reported that Americans consumed one half 
pound of sugar per person per year. 
In 1898, Caleb Bradham, a New Bera, North Carolina Pharma- 
cist, prompted by the success of Coca Cola, created a similar carbon- 
ated drink. Originally the new fountain beverage was called “Brad’s 
Drink,” but it was later changed to Pepsi Cola and bottled to widen 
sales. 
In 1899, two lawyers, Benjamin E. Thomas and Joseph White- 
head secured exclusive rights to bottle and sell Coca Cola for one 
dollar. 
In 1916, the Root Glass Company of Terre Haute, Indiana cre- 
ated the famous Coca Cola female body shaped bottle. The motto 
was, “You can identify Coca Cola, even in the dark.” 
In 1900 Coca Cola served two bottles per day and by 1920 Coca 
Cola served 1,000 bottles per day.

HELLS KITCHEN 245 
In 1920, brand named and packaged foods hit the market place 
because masses of Americans and peoples in all industrialized na- 
tions had moved off the land into the cities. People no longer had 
their subsistence gardens, people were no longer independent and 
people had begun to switch from wood as the primary fuel for cook- 
ing and heating to coal, oil, kerosene, propane and electricity - the 
wood ashes we had grown up with as humans were becoming “as 
scarce as hen’s teeth.” 
Underwood sardines, La Choy Chinese food, Maxwell House 
coffee (Teddy Roosevelt coined the phrase “its good to the last drop”), 
Sunkist oranges, Campfire marshmallows, Kellogg’s All-Bran cereal, 
Good Humor Ice Cream Suckers, and Baby Ruth bars (named for the 
daughter of former President Cleveland) and Brillo to scour pots and 
pans were the products of the day. 
The “ice box” that one had to fill with block ice to keep food cool 
and keep milk sweet was replaced with the electric Frigidaire. Silk 
stockings are out and the new rayon hosiery from Du Pont Fibersilk 
Company was the rage of the day. The variety of automobiles was 
staggering - Cadillac, Chalmers-Franklin, Chevrolet, Maxwell, 
Mercedes, Milburn Electric, Packard, Peerless, pierce-Arrow, Salient, 
Stephens, Stutz and Ford Model T (the “fliver” is good for the liver). 
In 1923, Robert Woodruff, five years after his father purchased 
the Coca Cola Company, began to distribute the product world wide. 
By 1925, Coca Cola sales were generating $6 million in sales per 
day; four years after Albert Einstein won the Nobel Prize in physics 
for his theory of relativity. 
In 1928, Coca Cola ads followed the American Olympic Team to 
the Amsterdam Olympics; the Coca Cola ads were emblazoned on 
racing dog sleds in Canada and Bull fighting arenas in Spain. 
Coca Cola introduces the “six-pack” and the open topped cooler 
concepts. 
In October 18, 1931 Thomas Edison died at the age of 84 from 
Bright’s disease (kidney disease with protein in the urine), uremia, 
gastric ulcers and diabetes (he was no longer putting wood ashes 
from heating and cooking fires into his garden and his daily fair al- 
ways included sugar in the form of apple dumplings and Coca Cola).

246 
In 1933, the Tennessee Valley Authority (T.V.A.) was created in 
the first 100 days of the FDR administration. It came under constant 
attack by the private power generating sources, including a power 
corporation headed by Wendell Willke, a powerful Wall Street attor- 
ney, who argued, “To take away our market is to take our prosperity.” 
The Supreme Court ruled that the constitution did not give anti- 
competition protection to private utility companies. The T.V.A. was 
formed to bring electrical power and industry to the poorest part of 
America. The states that benefited were seven Southern and border 
states ranging from the Smokey Mountains, coal towns, bleak moun- 
tains and drought ridden cotton farms. T.V.A. promoted flood con- 
trol, produced clean hydroelectric power and developed land and 
forest management programs. 
In the beginning of T.V.A. there were only two out of 100 people 
in the Tennessee Valley who had access to electric power and many 
families lived on less than $100 per year. 
In 1941, Coca Cola’s Woodruff ordered, “Every man in uniform 
gets a bottle of Coke for 5 cents, wherever he is, and whatever it costs 
the company.” 
In 1943, General Dwight D. Eisenhower, sent an urgent cable- 
gram to Coca Cola, requesting the shipment of enough materials to 
build ten bottling plants. Between 1941 and 1960, the number of 
countries bottling Coca Cola doubled. 
In 1957, Walter Mertz, an American chemist discovered that he 
could prevent and cure adult onset type II diabetes in laboratory 
animals, pets and farm animals with a simple supplement program 
that contained chromium and numerous cofactors necessary for the 
chromium to support insulin’s job of getting sugar from the blood 
through the cell membrane into the cell. 
Adult onset type II diabetes is not an insulin problem or insulin 
deficiency, patients with adult onset type II diabetics often times make 
considerably more insulin than non diabetics. Adult onset type II 
diabetes, like obesity, is simply a mineral deficiency problem. 
The obvious question is, if diabetes is a simple mineral deficiency 
problem, how come it still plagues modern man? Unfortunately there 
are no laws requiring doctors to cure patients when there are cures.

HELVS KITCHEN 247 
available - so they don't! 
We would all like to believe in our heart of hearts that medical 
doctors are altruistic and would turn Heaven and earth to find a cure 
for their patients. Unfortunately, most doctors went to medical school 
to learn a trade, to have the skills necessary to generate a great lifestyle 
and climb the social ladder, not to eliminate obesity, high blood pres- 
sure or diabetes. 
According to the GAO (General Accounting Office), the congres- 
sional budget watchdog, over the twenty five to forty years that a 
diabetic lives after diagnosis, they are worth $750,000 to their doc- 
tor if they follow the standard medical approach to diabetes. 
Also, urban populations no longer put wood ash minerals into 
their gardens resulting in widespread mineral deficiencies. 
After seventy five years, Coca Cola began to introduce additional 
flavors to the original product line. By 1966 the international sales 
grew in many countries including Cambodia, Montserrat, Paraguay, 
Macau and Turkey. 
By 1977, Walter Mertz’ 1957 animal work with chromium and 
diabetes was repeated in humans by Dr. K. N. Jeejeebhoy of the Uni- 
versity of British Columbia. 
In 1978 the Coca Cola Company secured the sole rights to mar- 
ket packaged cold drinks in the Peoples Republic of China. 
In 1981, Robert E. Goizueta became Chairman of the Board and 
CEO of the Coca Cola Company and installed a new policy he called, 
“Intelligent risk taking.” 
In 1985, Coca Cola became the first soft drink in space, Diet 
Coke was introduced, and Goizueta tried to introduce a sugar substi- 
tute sweetened drink to replace the original sugared Coca Cola, in a 
move that critics called, “The biggest marketing blunder ever.” Over- 
whelmed by enormous customer pressure, including class action law 
suites, the original sugar sweetened formula was returned to the 
marketplace as Coca Cola Classic. 
In 1991, researchers at the University of British Columbia, 
Vancouver, Canada, stated that the trace mineral vanadium could 
replace prescription insulin for treating and managing type II diabet- 
ics.

248 
In 1995, the USDA reported that Americans consume 157 pounds 
of sugar per person per year (up from one half pound per person per 
year in 1895) - approximately one half pound of sugar per person 
per day! This unbelievable rate of sugar consumption is driven by a 
hoard of sugared carbohydrate foods, drinks and snacks. 
In 2004, world wide Coca Cola Sales reached $1.3 billion per 
day. 
On June 8, 2004, the eight year Harvard Nurses Health study of 
data from 91,000 nurses over the age of thirty five showed that “nurses 
drinking one sugar sweetened soft drink per day had an eighty five 
(85) percent increased risk of developing adult onset type II diabe- 
tes!” 
The intersection of mineral deficiencies that cause pica a.k.a. 
the munchies, critical deficiencies of chromium and vanadium 
and the universal availability and high intake of sugar and car- 
bohydrates is the basic root cause of obesity, diabetes and the 
Metabolic Syndrome. It is that simple. If everyone were to supple- 
ment properly, with the correct mineral mix, we could eliminate 
obesity, high blood pressure, adult onset type II diabetes and the 
Metabolic Syndrome in America within a year - and the world 
would soon follow our example.

HELV’S KITCHEN 249 CEL’ KITCHEN 249

250

Chapter 15 
“Vice knows she’s ugly, so puts on her mask. 2? 
- Benjamin Franklin 
Safe Cooking 
It is quite clear that what one eats and what one doesn‘ eat will 
determine ones health and length of life. It was determined after 
having performed 17,500 autopsies on more than 454 species of 
animals and 3,000 humans - every animal and every human that 
dies of natural causes dies of a nutritional deficiency disease. 
To do everything we can to maximize health and longevity we 
have to guarantee ourselves an optimal stream and proper amounts 
of all essential nutrients each day - we cannot depend on good luck; 
we must be proactive! 
Once we assure ourselves that we are consuming optimal amounts 
of the essential nutrients, we must also protect ourselves from dan- 
gerous choices of foods, food ingredients, storage practices and cook- 
ing methods. So we are going to look at and review some pretty basic 
stuff we all need to be aware of every time we buy, store, cook and 
consume food. 
Free Radicals 
The term free radical is a generic term that covers a broad classi- 
fication of dangerous food chemicals that are produced either di- 
rectly or indirectly by man. Free radicals increase our risk of many of

252 
the dangerous side effects of obesity and weight loss programs, they 
increase our risks of cancer, cardiovascular disease, diabetes, 
Alzheimer’s disease, multiple sclerosis, ALS (Lou Gehrig's disease), 
Parkinson’s disease, macular degeneration, cataracts, fibromyalgia and 
they accelerate the aging process. 
By eliminating the intake of free radicals one can significantly 
reduce their risks of many diseases. A good insurance policy for pro- 
tecting yourself against the accidental or unknowing consumption 
of free radicals is to flood yourself with multiple antioxidants at ev- 
ery meal. The old adage, “An ounce of prevention is worth a pound 
of cure” surely fits here - if taking antioxidants everyday can signifi- 
cantly reduce one’s risk of many terrible diseases, why would a lucid 
person not take antioxidants? Why wait until a disease strikes you 
before you have a motivational concern? 
Additionally, as a person who is overweight or obese loses 
weight, the byproducts of “burning” fat can turn into free radi- 
cals that can increase the risk of many diseases, including in- 
flammation of the intima (the lining of the arteries) which then 
produces arteriosclerosis, cardiovascular disease, cancer, 
Alzheimer’s disease, etc. To reduce the risk of the complications 
of weight loss, people need to flood themselves with antioxidants in order to protect themselves. 
Antioxidants 
Selenium Catachins (EGCG) Leutines 
Lycopines Phenols Xanthones 
Xanthines Zeaxanthines Procyanins 
Vitamin C Vitamin E Beta carotene 
ORAC Value 
A good way to measure the antioxidant activity of foods including juices is by means of the ORAC point system. ORAC stands for 
Oxygen Radical Absorption Capacity, a measure of the scavenging

HELVS KITCHEN 253 
capacity of antioxidants against the peroxyl radical. 
ORAC Rating Food Units (per 100 g) 
1 Prunes 5,770 
2 Raisins 2,830 
3 Blueberries 2,400 
4 Blackberries 2,036 
5 Kale 1,770 
6 Strawberries 1,540 
7 Spinach 1,260 
8 Raspberries 1,220 
9 Brussels sprouts 980 
10 Plums 949 
Trans Fatty Acids 
Trans fatty acids are a form of free radicals that are universally 
found in margarines, cooking oils (yes, even olive oil), salad dressings and processed foods that contain these ingredients. Trans fatty 
acids are extremely dangerous food chemicals that are formed by 
oxidized (chemically rancid) fat. These types of fats are found in just 
about all processed foods recommended by doctors, and the FDA 
estimates that there are more than 42,000 products containing trans 
fatty acids on grocery store shelves in America. 
Harvard estimates that trans fatty acids directly kill 30,000 Ameri- 
cans each year and many more indirectly. The American romance 
with trans fatty acids began in the 1950s driven by the medical trades 
unrealistic paranoia of saturated animal fats and cholesterol (which 
humans had been eating for thousands of years) and a false belief 
that they were the “boogey man” that caused cardiovascular disease. 
Following the lead of the medical hysteria, food manufacturers 
rushed to find something that could replace animal fat - they grabbed 
at vegetable oils (a product that had been abandoned by the animal 
feed industry because plant oils had produced many new diseases 
including muscular dystrophy, pancreatitis, cardiomyopathy, and

254 
fibromyalgia). 
Oils and margarines were cheaper than animal fat (lard, suet, etc) 
and butter and had a longer shelf life. Chefs could buy vegetable oils 
in large containers that “didn’t need refrigeration,” thus allowing them 
to keep it on the self, however, as the oil sat on the shelf it slowly but 
steadily oxidized and metamorphosed into trans fatty acids. 
Cooks liked the new oils because they could be kept hot all day 
without smoking up the kitchen- they could use the same oil over 
and over, however, the constant heat quickly converted them into 
trans fatty acids - a free radical that few in human medicine knew 
anything about. 
Trans fats were a dream come true for the fast food and junk food 
industries. Trans fatty acids made potato chips, crackers and cookies 
crispier and they allowed manufacturers to add tasty fat in foods that 
had never had fat in them before (Oreo cookie filling, etc.). Trans 
fatty acids are solid at room temperature, oils on the other hand are 
liquid and would have turned the foods into a slimy greasy mess. 
Manufacturers could now “lock” fat into their products. 
“Besides increasing the number of LDL (bad) cholesterol and trig- 
lycerides in the bloodstream, trans fats also lower your HDL (good) 
cholesterol,” says Bruce Holub, Ph.D., a professor of nutrition at the 
University of Guelph, Canada. “Trans fats also increase blood levels 
of acompound called lipoprotein a. The more of this lipoprotein you 
have in your system, the greater your risk of developing heart dis- 
ease,” he said. 
In a current review of the Harvard Nurses Health Study, for 80,000 
nurses over the age of thirty five, found that getting only three (3) 
percent of your total daily calories from trans fatty acids increases 
your risk of heart disease by fifty (50) percent! Three percent of your 
calories from trans fats (7 grams of trans fat) are provided by a single 
order of fries. 
Trans fatty acids increases your risk of diabetes, sarcopenia (muscle 
wasting associated with age) and cancer. When Harvard researchers 
reviewed all the previously published data on trans fats, they found 
that men and women with the highest daily intakes were also the 
most at risk for developing diabetes.

HELVS KITCHEN 255 
Common Foods that Contain Trans Fatty Acids* 
Food Trans Fat (Grams) 
1 Chicken pot pie 
2 Biscuits 
1 Large fries 
1 Cinnamon roll 
6 Fish sticks 
1 Order nachos with cheese 
1 Tblsp Margarine 
6 Oreos 
1 Waffle 
9 Tater Tots 
4 cups Movie popcorn 
1 Slice apple pie 
1 pak Cheese and crackers 
2 Home made chocolate chip cookies 
5 Piece chicken tenders 
1 Brownie 
1 Jelly doughnut 
1 cup Chex party mix 
1 Hamburger bun <l 
1 slice Cheese pizza <1], 
(oe) 
Sib Loew nbd. Shee Ue i toy fod NN 
NY N 
*Samantha Heller: The Hidden Killer. Men’s Health. October 2004. 
There are no “safe limits” for trans fatty acids - do not eat them! 
Heterocyclic Amines 
Heterocyclic amines are free radicals that are found in well done 
meat and burnt animal fat. They are extremely dangerous and can 
increase one’s risk of breast, prostate and colon cancer by as much as 
462 percent! 
In a Harvard Nurses Health Study of 90,000 nurses over a twenty 
year period, they compared the rate of cancer between those who 
consumed less than twenty percent of their calories as fat versus those

256 
who consumed more than fifty percent of their calories as fat and 
found there was no difference in the rate of cancer. 
In a 1998 study by the University of South Carolina, they found 
that consuming burnt animal fat increased the risk of cancer by a 
staggering 462 percent! 
It is not the amount of fat in your diet that increases your risk of 
obesity, diabetes and cancer it's the type of fat and how you cook the 
fat! 
Acrylamides 
Acrylamides are free radicals that are generated by “super heat- 
ing” carbohydrates and sugars. Croutons, fried potatoes, crackers, 
cookies, cold cereals, hard crusted breads, browned sugars and pie 
crusts are loaded with acrylamides. These free radicals are known to 
increase the risk of cancer significantly. 
Red Meat 
Red meat is an unequaled source of animal protein and essential 
lipids - the secret is to not eat meat cooked well done or eat the fat 
burnt as they become heterocyclic amines. Medium rare and medium are the safe way to eat beef. Steak Tartar is a half pound of raw, 
freshly ground sirloin, served with chopped onions, pepper corns 
and topped with a raw egg - it doesn’t get any better than this! 
Salt 
Salt your food to taste. Salt does not cause high blood pressure 
and restricting salt will not reduce your risk of high blood pressure 
or add ten seconds to your life - in fact restricting salt will shorten 
your life and make your very short life miserable. 
Salt is the raw material needed to manufacture stomach acid. 
Stomach acid is hydrochloric acid that is necessary to digest food, 
ensure absorption of minerals, activate pepsin (protein digestive enzyme produced by the stomach) and activate the “intrinsic factor”

HELLS KITCHEN 257 
necessary to absorb vitamin B12. 
In April 1997, The Sodium Task Force reported that those individuals who restricted their salt intake to one gram per day had a 
600 percent higher rate of heart attacks than those who consumed 
more than two grams of salt per day. 
Restricted salt intakes will make you heat intolerant and over the 
long term will result in digestive problems including belching, burping, intestinal gas and G.E.R.D. (gastro esophageal reflux disease). 
Restricted salt diets with the resultant hypochlorhydria (low stomach acid) will increase risks of nutritional deficiency diseases including obesity (reduced absorption of minerals increases the munchies), 
diabetes, high blood pressure, arthritis, osteoporosis, kidney stones, 
cataracts, fibromyalgia, etc. 
Sugar 
To avoid obesity, diabetes, cardiovascular disease, the Metabolic 
Syndrome, dementia and reduce your risk of cancer, it is important 
to eliminate sugar (natural and processed) from your diet. Your body 
makes all of the blood sugar, blood glucose and glycogen (animal 
starch) it needs by reconfiguring fats and proteins. Sugars and carbo- 
hydrates are not essential nutrients. 
According to the USDA, Americans were eating one half pound 
of sugar per person per year in 1895, and in the year 2002 Ameri- 
cans ate 157 pounds of sugar per person per year - that’s almost one 
half pound of sugar per person per day. 
Not only will you make it easier to lose those unwanted pounds 
and keep them off by giving up sugar, but you will think clearer, you 
will be less irritable; you will have boundless energy and if you have 
hypoglycemia, the Metabolic Syndrome or hyperinsulinemia you will 
be heading in the right direction necessary to solve your problems: 
* No apple juice 
* No grape juice 
* No honey 
* No molasses (cane juice, turbanado sugar, brown sugar, etc.)

258 
¢ No table sugar 
e No corn syrup 
¢ No fructose 
¢ No granola or grain based energy bars 
¢ No processed meats 
* No BBQ sauce, no pasta sauce, no chili 
¢ No candy 
¢ Nocolas, non colas or other carbonated drinks 
¢ No ice cream (exceptions include no sugar added ice cream), 
no sherbert 
e No pastries 
¢ No boxed or bagged cold or instant hot cereals 
¢ No low fat yogurt or 98% fat free yogurt (they are loaded 
with sugar) 
If during the process of giving up sugar you get the “munchies” 
or feel the need to go on the classic “chocoholic” binge, take one 
ounce of plant derived colloidal minerals per 100 pounds of body 
weight - even if it’s ten times per day at the start (remember - cravings 
or pica are the sure sign of mineral deficiencies!!). 
Sugar Substitutes 
Sugar substitutes can satisfy your sweet tooth without adding 
significant calories to your diet. There is a considerable amount of 
public controversy surrounding the use of sugar substitutes, how- 
ever, used in moderation they are “considered” safe and have been 
used for years. Typically, Splenda can be used teaspoon for teaspoon 
of sugar for baking. 
1. Aspartame - (also known as Nutrasweet and Equal) 
A man made sweetener created by joining two amino acids. 
2. Splenda - (also known as Sucralose) A natural substance 
extracted from sugar cane.

HELLS KITCHEN 259 
3. Saccharin - (also known as Sweet and Low) A man made 
chemical discovered in the 1800s. 
4. Stevia - An herb (Stevia rebaudiana). 
During 2004, Splenda became the number one blended sweetener in the U.S., selling more than all the other brands of “faux” and 
real sugar. Sugar substitutes have failed miserably for totally replac- 
ing sugar for baking. Sugar does more than just sweeten food, it 
helps the cake rise, giving it volume and texture; it caramelizes, pro- 
ducing the golden brown color associated with quality baked goods: 
it provides greater shelf life. 
In 2004, Splenda and Equal began to market “baking blends: 
Equal Sugar Lite - a mix of sugar, maltodextran, aspartamine, 
acesulfame potassium (a common no-cal sweetener) and artificial 
flavor - can substitute for sugar at one cup for one cup in recipes; 
Splenda Sugar Blend for baking is part granulated sugar and part no- 
calorie sweetener Sucralose - you only need half as much of the prod- 
uct as you would need sugar. 
Reading Labels 
In January 1, 2006, food manufacturers were required to list trans 
fats on the nutrition facts and some supplement facts panels, right 
below saturated fats. Trans fats are formed when manufacturers “hy- 
drogenate” vegetable oils to make them solid at room temperatures. 
Trans fats are found in margarines, fried foods, cooking oils, baked 
cookies and cakes, chips, seasoned popcorn and croutons. 
Label Dictionary 
Fat-Free - Less than 0.5 gm of fat per serving, with no added fat or 
oil. 
Low-Fat - 3 gm of fat or less per serving

260 
Cholesterol-Free - Less than 2 mg cholesterol per serving and 2 gm 
or less saturated fat per serving. 
Reduced-Calorie - At least 25% fewer calories per serving than the 
comparison food. 
Low-Calorie - 40 calories or less per serving 
Light (Fat) - 50% or less of the fat than in the comparison food (.e. 
- 50% less fat than our regular cheese) 
Light (calories) - 1/3 fewer calories than the comparison food 
High-Fiber - 5 gm or more fiber per serving 
Sugar-Free - Less than 0.5 gm of sugar per serving 
Sodium-Free (Salt-Free) - Less than 5 mg of sodium per serving 
Healthy - A food low in fat, saturated fat, cholesterol and sodium, 
and contains at least 10% of the Daily Values for one or more of 
vitamin A, vitamin C, iron, calcium, protein or fiber. 
“High,” “Rich in” or “Excellent Source” - 20% or more of the Daily 
Value for a given nutrient per serving 
“Good Source of,” “contains” or “Provides” - Meal or dish pro- 
vides 10% to 90% more of the Daily Value for a given nutrient than 
the comparison meal or dish. 
The “devil is in the details” and this concept certainly holds true 
when it comes to obesity, diabetes and the Metabolic Syndrome. One 
could perform ninety nine percent of a health program correctly and 
become obese, develop type II diabetes or the Metabolic Syndrome 
simply by missing the mineral supplement program.

HELLS KITCHEN 261

262

Chapter 16 
“Eat to live, and not live to eat.” 
- Benjamin Franklin 
Dr. Wallach’s See Food Diet 
While there are literally thousands of weight loss programs and 
diets available to everyone, they all have many common denomina- 
tors. All weight loss and diet programs are not guaranteed, they are 
not successful 100 percent of the time, most starters drop off of the 
program over time and most gain all or more of their starting weight 
back again after dropping off the diet. 
The basic reasons for the universal failure of “weight loss diets” 
of any ilk, is that they don’t deal with the basic root cause of obesity 
- the mineral deficiencies. Therefore, the primary difference of the 
Dr. Wallach’s See Food Diet, the principal that sets it apart from the 
others is that the pica, cribbing, cravings, binge eating, the munchies 
and the “stand in front of the open refrigerator” syndrome is dealt 
with and eliminated - these basic failure factors having been removed 
will guaranty success for everyone. 
The diets generally fall into three basic types: 
1. Low calorie - The old standby is the low calorie diet. The think- 
ing is simply that a calorie is a calorie and the fewer you eat the less 
you will weigh and the more weight you can lose. The low calorie 
diet proponents believe if you eat fewer calories than your basal needs,

264 
the more weight you will lose. 
Promoters of the low calorie diets falsely claim that dietary supple- 
ments are not required. You have to count calories, points, or por- 
tion sizes. (Jenny Craig, Weight Watchers). 
In 1963 there were 400 clients registered with weight watchers; 
by 2003 there were 34,600,000 registered clients. 
2. Low fat - The proponents believe that fat is the enemy and 
tend to eat lots of plant based foods rather than animals foods. Un- 
fortunately, the devotees don’t differentiate between good fats and 
bad fats, which results in many health problems, including an in- 
creased risk of stroke, Alzheimer’s disease, seizure disorders and 
asthma. 
The low fat approach to weight loss suggests less than ten per- 
cent of daily calories come from dietary fat. The concept is, by cut- 
ting out fat you can eat one third more total food each day without 
taking in more calories. The claim is that the body only needs four to 
six percent of the calories from fat to maintain health (in actuality, 
thirty five percent of daily calories provided by fat is a more correct 
amount). This diet is very difficult to adhere to and is potentially 
dangerous. (Ornish, Pritikin) 
3. Low Carb - The total amount and the type of carbohydrates 
are limited to reduce the body’ glucose and insulin levels in an effort 
to make weight loss and weight management easier. 
In the diet’s initial phase, one can eat unlimited meat and fat, 
however, carbohydrates must be limited to twenty grams of carbohydrates or less per day (approximately one slice of bread). 
For the first fourteen days, the dieter consumes no fruit, bread, 
pasta, grains, milk or even ketchup. The stated purpose of the low 
carb diet, “is to create a state of ketosis, encouraging your body to 
burn fat for energy rather than carbohydrates.” 
Eugene Fine and Richard Feinman, of the SUNY Downstate Medi- 
cal Center of New York believe that “critics of low-carbohydrate diets 
always invoke the laws of thermodynamics, but they’re not under- 
standing them properly.” Feinman claims there are two laws, not one, .

HELLS KITCHEN 265 
that are involved. 
Opponents of the low carb diets often emphasize the first law of 
thermodynamics - that the total energy in a system is always con- 
served. Feinman considers the second law - that energy tends to dis- 
sipate over time - just as important, it determines what happens to 
energy in food when it is broken down in the body. 
“We know on a molecular level that the body’ pathways are less 
efficient at turning protein calories into glucose,” says Feinman, “That 
means that more energy is lost as heat.” So more of each calorie will 
convert into heat if it comes from protein; more of the calories will 
remain in the body if they come from carbohydrates. 
The idea is to satisfy the taste buds with large amounts of rich, 
sumptuous foods to reduce the cravings. They certainly have forgotten the minerals and an unsupplemented high protein diet can increase the risk of kidney stones. (Atkins, Southbeach, The Zone, Dr. 
Wallach’s See Food Diet) 
In May of 2004, The Valen Group, a consulting firm for the For- 
tune 500 companies, stated, “59 million U.S. adults are controlling 
their intake of carbohydrates and an additional 40 million said they 
were considering a low carb diet in the next twelve months. Collec- 
tively, those figures are fast approaching half of all U.S. adults.” 
Dr. Wallach’s See Food Diet is perhaps the best of the best when 
it comes to low carbohydrate, low glycemic index diets. Our low 
carb diet differs from all others in that our concerns for the mineral 
intake is actually more heavily weighted and more important than 
parsing words on the percentages of carbohydrates, fats and proteins. 
There has been an endless parade of diets for various purposes 
including weight loss, health and longevity going back to the days of 
the Chinese alchemist thousands of years ago. Yet the problem of 
obesity, diabetes, the Metabolic Syndrome and other degenerative 
diseases has reached epidemic and pandemic proportions. 
If low carbohydrate diets were the answer to our obesity problem 
we wouldn't have the projection of forty percent of Americans being 
obese by 2010. To be fair, we must say that low carbohydrate diets 
and low glycemic loads can speed up the weight loss process, how-

266 
ever, if low carbs are one’s sole consideration - you are in for a rude 
awakening. 
If you live for a low carb diet that will work, you will be on an 
endless crusade and treadmill. To lose weight safely and prevent the 
common pitfalls of weight loss (i.e. - heart attacks, liver damage, 
high blood pressure, Beriberi, arthritis, osteoporosis, periodontal disease, cancer, sudden death, stroke, kidney stones, etc.), one has to 
protect themselves from the ravages of mineral nutritional deficiencies that result in psychotic eating and free radical damage generated 
by burning body fat. 
The burning of body fat is not a danger free process. The combustion of all fuels, including wood, coal, oil, gasoline, sugar and fat, 
produces wastes, pollution and dangerous combustion byproducts 
including free radicals. These dangerous byproducts cannot be treated 
lightly or dismissed out of hand, they must be prevented and neu- 
tralized with an aggressive proactive antioxidant plan. 
The Principals of a Low-Carb Diet 
In the shortest possible description and purpose of a low carb 
diet, one can say that it is conceived to keep blood sugar levels from 
having wild fluctuations. The purpose is to “steady” blood sugar levels, which will help reduce episodes of ravenous hunger. 
Foods that produce a slower rise in blood sugar after being con- 
sumed are said to have a low glycemic index. Fat has a glycemic 
index of zero because it does not affect blood sugar directly or imme- 
diately. Whole grains, vegetables and proteins are considered low 
glycemic foods because they produce a very slow, gradual, time re- 
lease increase in blood sugar. 
The reality is, low or zero glycemic foods do help you feel full 
longer, however, this theory presumes the reason that a person is 
overweight or obese is just because they can't control their eating 
habits for lack of education, personal will or self control. 
The original Atkins Diet critically slashed carbohydrates (i.e. - 
bread, pasta, rice, sugared soft drinks, potato chips, cookies and fruit.) 
which was driven by the Seven Food Group Pyramid and promoted 
by the USDA, and medical doctors had caused sixty five percent of

HELLS KITCHEN 267 
Americans to be overweight and forty percent to be obese and turn 
adult onset type II diabetes into an epidemic disease. 
Atkins’ followers were allowed large portions of high fat red meat, 
cheese, butter, and oils that traditional low fat diets had prohibited. 
The dieter could eat large bowls of greens and low carb vegetables. 
The South Beach Diet restricts carbs, fruits, sugars, fat laden meat 
and cheese. 
According to many experts, the reason that low carb diets worked 
was that, “they were boring, at some point we become so tired of any 
given thing that we eat, that it has no continuing hedonic effect on 
us,” says Brian Wansink, Ph.D., University of Illinois. Additionally 
he found that, “the more variety in your diet, the more food you'll 
eat, as everyone who has dined at a lavish buffet can attest.” 
Therefore, they theorize, “taking the boredom out of a low carb 
diet with low carb comfort foods, such as ice cream, chips, and beer 
could reduce it’s effectiveness.” “Originally, the Atkins diet was black 
and white,” said Alice H. Lichtenstein, D.Sc., professor of nutrition 
science and policy at Tufts University. “I can have the steak but not 
the baked potato. Now I can have the steak, but I can also have the 
low carb pasta on the side.” 
In summary, experts believe the reason that the Atkins approach 
worked was that blood sugar was more stable and that a low carb 
diet was boring and didn’t encourage over eating of total calories. 
Net Carbs and Sugar Alcohols 
Sugar alcohols and fermentable carbohydrates are safe, although 
their consumption may produce diarrhea and gas in susceptible people 
or following over consumption. There are some studies that show 
that they can aid in blood sugar control, but there is no evidence that 
by consuming these foods weight loss will be easy. 
In low carb labeling, “net carbs” refers to the total grams of car- 
bohydrates per serving minus grams of fiber and sugar alcohols. The 
term “net carbs” has no legal recognition by the FDA as of 2004. 
Sugar alcohols, or polyols include erythritol, hydrogenated starch 
hydrolysates [HSH], isomalt, lactitol, maltitol, mannitol, sorbitol, and 
xylitol.

268 
Polyols are not digested in the small intestine the way that regu- 
lar sugars are. Instead, they pass through to the large intestine, where 
they are digested by bacterial fermentation. Thus they do not elevate 
blood sugar and insulin levels as much or as quickly as table sugar 
does, giving them a low glycemic index. But like sugars, which have 
4 calories per gram, they do contribute calories, ranging from a low 
of 0.2 per gram for erythritol to 3 calories per gram for HSH. 
Fermentable carbohydrates include inulin, resistant starch, and 
polydextrose - this “catchall” refers to smooth, bland-tasting, highly 
processed ingredients (derived from corn) that can be used in place 
of high carb white flour and counted as fiber. Fermentable carbohy- 
drates are digested the way that sugar alcohols are. They have be- 
tween 1.6 and 2.5 calories per gram (compared with 4 calories per 
gram for table sugar and processed starch). 
Dr. Wallach’s Plan 
The Dr. Wallach’s See Food Diet is based on principles rather 
than a carbohydrate, fat or calorie counting regime. I like an ap- 
proximation of forty percent protein, forty percent fat and twenty 
percent carbohydrates. This may seem like a lot of calories to the 
average person, however, when one is well saturated with all of the 
essential minerals, reasonable portions become automatic - we are 
no longer driven by a command to eat. 
If an individual is physically active or they need to lose twenty 
five pounds or more, the best approach is to eat four to six small 
meals per day, or have a hand full of nuts as a between meal snack. It 
' is important to use protein and fat to stabilize blood sugar rather 
than sugar or low glycemic index carbohydrates. 
It is important to eat minimal amounts of fruit and fruit juices, if 
you are more than twenty five pounds over your ideal weight totally 
avoid fruit and juices altogether - eat more vegetables. 
Drink eight glasses of water each day (if you are active and physi- 
cally working or exercising you will want to add a complete nutrient 
sports-energy drink concentrate to your daily water supply). 
Do not eat after 7:00 p.m. (except for celebrations or special events).

HELLS KITCHEN 269 
No fried foods, margarines, cooking oils, meat cooked well done 
or burnt fats. 
No carbonated drinks, caffeine or sugar (there can be celebration 
exceptions, however, these exceptions should be rare). 
Switch to gluten-free diet, which is primarily to treat gluten- 
intolerance; gluten causes inflammation in the small intestines. 
People with gluten - intolerance may also benefit from it. 
Breakfast should always be eaten, preferably including eggs, un- 
processed meat and vegetables (tomatoes are to be preferred over 
fruit - they have far more nutrients than fruit and a lot less sugar). 
Lunches can be large salads with grilled meat, fish or poultry 
added. Remember, croutons are bread. Put the dressing on the side. 
At home you will want to use a high ORAC value juice (noni, 
mangosteen) or juice blend for a salad dressing. When dining out 
you will want to use “Dr. Wallach’s Salad Fork Trick.” 
Dr. Wallach’s Salad Fork Trick is simply performed by dipping a 
salad fork 1/4 inch into the dish of salad dressing and shaking off the 
excess. This simple procedure will allow you to taste the salad dressing, yet give up ninety five percent of the calories. 
The most important part of Dr. Wallach’s See Food Diet has been 
left until the last. The supplement program should include all of the 
ninety (90) essential nutrients. Specifically, the minerals should come 
from a plant source. Obviously, for most of us (“culinary” ashes from 
wood fires are no longer available) that means the consumption of a 
liquid plant derived colloidal mineral supplement with a minimum 
of seventy seven minerals at the concentration of 19,000 mg per quart. 
These liquid minerals should be taken at the rate of one ounce 
per hundred pounds of body weight as a maintenance dose. For example, a 100 pound person would take one ounce per day in a split 
dose or one half ounce (one tablespoon) twice per day. A 200 pound 
person would take two ounces per day; a 300 pound person would 
take three ounces per day and so on. 
For those individuals needing to lose twenty five pounds or more 
the supplement level can be increased to one and one quarter ounces 
(1 1/4 oz) per 100 pounds of body weight.

270

Chapter 17 
“Meaningful weight loss is difficult to achieve, particularly when one 
considers that the goal of any reducing program is not merely to lose weight 
but to keep it off. The results of most treatment programs of obesity have 
been uniformly unsatisfactory. Clearly, the therapeutic approach currently 
employed by most physicians is inadequate. This situation is likely to pre- 
vail until a more fundamental understanding of the regulation of eating 
behavior and body weight is achieved.” 
- Lester B. Salans 
Chief, Laboratory of Cellular Metabolism and 
Obesity; Associate director, Diabetes, Endocrinology 
and Metabolic Diseases. NIH 
Burn, Baby - Burn! 
Antoine Lavoisier (1743 - 1794) and his coworker P. S. Laplace 
(1749 - 1827), a mathematician, confined a guinea pig in oxygen for 
ten hours and measured the carbon dioxide produced. He also mea- 
sured the amount of oxygen used by a man active compared with 
him at rest. In these experiments, he was able to show that combus- 
tion of carbon compounds with oxygen to carbon dioxide and water 
is the true source of animal heat and that oxygen consumption in- 
creases during physical work. 
“Respiration is merely a slow combustion of carbon and hydro- 
gen, which is similar in every respect to that which occurs in a lighted 
lamp or candle, and, from this point of view, animals (and humans) 
that breathe are really combustible bodies which burn and are con- 
sumed.”

2i2 
(CH,O) + O, > CO, + H,O + energy (heat) 
Lavoisier was guillotined on May 8, 1794 during the French Revo- 
lution. The judge presiding over Lavoisier’s fate was reported to say, 
“The Republic has no need of savants (scholars).” 
Ingenhousz adopted Lavoisier’s thoughts on gases and theorized 
that the plant was not simply exchanging “good air” for “bad.” In the 
sun, he suggested a plant “absorbs the carbon from carbon dioxide, 
throwing out at that time the oxygen alone, and keeping the carbon 
to itself as nourishment.” 
Nicholas Theodore de Saussure (1767 - 1845) used Lavoisier’s 
theories of quantitative measurements and showed that, “equal vol- 
umes of CO2 and O2 are exchanged during photosynthesis, and that 
the plant does indeed retain the carbon (and store “solar income”).” 
He also showed that, “during photosynthesis the plant gained more 
weight than could be accounted for by the carbon taken in as carbon 
dioxide.” In other words, “the carbon in the dry matter of plants 
comes from carbon dioxide, but, equally important, the rest of the 
dry matter (with the exception of the minerals from the soil) comes 
from water.” 
Now, all of the steps of photosynthesis were identified - carbon 
dioxide, water, and light: 
CO, + H,O + energy (light) > (CH,O) + O, 
Photosynthesis is respiration or combustion reversed! In photo- 
synthesis (which occurs in specific organelles called chloroplasts), 
light energy is converted to chemical energy, and carbon is fixed into 
organic compounds such as sugar, carbohydrates, oils, structural 
polysaccharides (including cellulose), amino acids, enzymes, DNA 
and RNA. 
Humans take in the stored “solar income” chemical energy as 
food and convert it to another form of chemical energy (metabolism) 
or mechanical energy (movement). Excess intake of dietary energy 
above the basal needs for any reason will result in a net weight gain. 
There are many approaches to accelerating weight loss which as

HELLS KITCHEN 273 
a group are referred to as “thermogenics.” They will be discussed 
here becausey humans are impatient and they want immediate re- 
sults from any activity, and it can certainly be appropriate to add 
thermogenics to a weight loss program. 
We like to provide and feature the nutritional program that will 
eliminate pica, cravings, binge eating and the munchies that will re- 
sult in a steady loss of weight and a return to the individual’ ideal 
weight. With this said, we appreciate the emotional support that 
thermogenics can provide. 
Exercise 
Humans are designed for exercise; in an anatomical sense, the 
human’ ability to run separates us from the tree dwelling apes. Ac- 
cording to researchers from Harvard University, there are no less than 
twenty six anatomical and physiological traits that make humans 
capable of long distance running. Over long distances, humans can 
outrun monkeys, dogs and horses. 
While humans cannot run as fast, for short distances, as mon- 
keys, horses, greyhounds or antelopes, humans can keep on going 
and going. 
Benjamin Franklin determined that the best way to measure ex- 
ercise, was not by it’s duration, but rather “by the degree of warmth it 
produces in the body.” Franklin’s theories on exercise were amongst 
the first linking exercise to calories of heat produced and the number 
of calories burnt. For example, Franklin explained, “walking a mile 
up and down stairs produced five times more body warmth than 
walking a mile on a level surface. 
When swinging weights, Franklin calculated, “that this raised his 
pulse from 60 to 100 beats per minute.” He correctly calculated that 
body “warmth generally increases with quickness of pulse.” 
Beside one’s basal requirements for energy, physical exertion or 
exercise is the second greatest influence on the energy requirements 
of humans. Exercise, as a consumer of energy, may be as little as ten 
percent of the total energy requirements (bed ridden patient, com- 
puter technician, executive, etc.) of an individual, or up to fifty per-

Lies 
cent in laborers or athletes. 
A man performing heavy physical activity farmer) may require 
4,800 or more kcalories per day, while an individual of the same 
body build, weight, age and height in the same environment, how- 
ever, performing light work (book keeper) would require only 2,500 
kcalories per day. 
The inactive or sedentary human usually requires thirty percent 
more kcalories in addition to the basal requirement; by comparison, 
a lightly active human may need fifty percent more kcalories beyond 
basal requirements; a moderately active human would require sev- 
enty five percent additional kcalories above basal needs; and a la- 
borer or athlete might require an additional 100 percent more 
kcalories over basal needs. 
Body weight also affects energy requirements. The greater the 
Activities That Consume Calories (calories per hour) 
Weight (pounds) 
Activity 120 170 
Aerobic dance 330 460 
Basketball 330 460 
Bicycling 220 310 
Golfing 250 B45 
Hiking 330 460 
Rowing 385 540 
Soccer 385 540 
Swimming 330 460 
Tennis 385 540 
Walking 250 345 
Weight training 165 230

HELLS KITCHEN 275 
body weight, the greater the caloric requirement and therefore the 
kcalorie expenditure for an activity. It takes more energy for an obese 
human to walk for ten minutes than it does for a slim individual. 
On December 23, 2004 the Harvard Nurses Health Study showed 
that obese women who exercise for 3 1/2 hours per week will still die 
sooner than women who are toned and trim. Women who were both 
sedentary and obese were almost 2 1/2 times more likely to die. 
“There has been some suggestion that if you are particularly ac- 
tive, you don’t have to worry about your body weight, or about your 
diet. That's very misleading,” says Frank Hu of the Harvard School of 
Public Health, lead author of the study published in the New En- 
gland Journal of Medicine. 
The study of 116,500 women, showed that obese women who 
worked out for at least 3 1/2 hours weekly had a death rate that was 
91 percent higher than lean women who exercised for 3 1/2 hournper 
week. Lean women who exercised less than that increased their risk 
of early death by 55 percent, compared with lean women who worked 
out more frequently - for inactive obese women the premature death 
rate was 142 percent greater. 
Walking or light “express” exercise programs can produce the 
same weight loss result as a heavy weight or machine program in a 
gym after twenty weeks, when combined with a 1,200 to 1,500 calo- 
rie diet. At the end of twenty weeks the individual can lose seven to 
eight percent of their starting weight, after forty weeks their weight 
loss totaled eight to nine percent according to the University of Penn- 
sylvania. 
In 1987 there were 17,351,000 health and fitness club member- 
ships in the USA; in 2003 the numbers climbed to 39,400,000. 
In another study, investigators at the University of Pittsburgh 
monitored the weight loss of fifty nine women who were limited to 
1,200 to 1,500 calories per day, found that behavior modification, 
walking, walking and light strength training, or walking and yoga 
lost twenty two to twenty eight pounds in six months. 
Experts recommended that people try to take 10,000 steps per 
day (about five miles). Walking a mile requires about 2,000 to 2,500 
steps.

276 
Holiday food Steps required to burn off calories 
Stuffing/dressing (1 cup) 6,992 
Candied yams (1/2 cup) 3,910 
Roasted turkey (@ oz) DIST 
Red wine (8 oz) 3,266 
Pumpkin pie (1 slice) 0 
Pecan pie (1 slice) 1,569 
The average American walks only 5,000 steps per day, or about 
two miles. Research shows that walking an extra 2,000 to 5,000 steps 
and reducing calories by 100 per day will stop weight gain. 
Calories Burned per Activity* 
Activity Calories burned 
E-mail (1 minute) 2 
Ride elevator (2 minutes) 5) 
Walk to partner's office (1 minute) 4: 
Order take out meal (1 minute) 1 
Take stairs (2 minutes) 19 
Load dishwasher (10 minutes) 23 
Watch TV 55 
Go to car wash 5 
Play cards ay 
Play video game ie. 
Cook meal 70 
Wash dishes 80 
Mow lawn/riding mower 88 
Wash car (at home) 104 
Mow lawn/power mower 193 
Play basketball 280 
* Calories calculated for 30 minutes of activity (unless noted): 150 Ib human

HELLS KITCHEN 277 
Pet Exercise 
Walking one’s dog helped individuals to lose weight and keep it 
off. A study reported in 2004 that when people and dogs were put 
on a diet and exercise weight loss program, they both lost weight and 
kept it off; although dogs did better than their humans and the pro- 
gram did not increase begging. 
Sixty five percent of Americans and twenty five percent of dogs 
are overweight or obese. “If youre looking for motivation and social 
support to lose weight, you probably don’t have to look any further 
than the pet in your own home,” said Dr. Robert Kushner of North- 
western Medical School in Chicago, who led the study. 
The study was funded by Hill’s Pet Nutrition, which makes Sci- 
ence Diet and a prescription diet dog food. The study was made up 
of three groups: 56 people; 53 dogs; and 36 dogs and their owners. 
The participants attended weekly counseling sessions at Northwest- 
ern on diet and exercise, and were encouraged to walk at least twenty 
minutes and limit calories to 1,400 per day - dogs were fed a weight 
loss prescription diet. 
The dog owners did slightly better than the dieters who walked 
and dieted without the dog. Overall, people lost eleven pounds or 
five percent of their starting body weight in the first four months and 
kept it off for the next eight months. The diet and exercise program 
was more enjoyable for the dog owners. 
The weight loss for the dogs was even more effective. They lost 
an average of twelve pounds - fifteen percent of their initial weight - 
one dog actually lost 35 pounds. “Begging behavior did not go up,” 
said Dennis Jewell, a Hills animal nutritionists who did the dog-diet 
part of the study. 
We would be remiss if we didn’t point out that “exercise without 
supplementation is suicide.” There has never been a professional ath- 
lete from a major professional sport who has lived to be 100. The 
reason for this surprise observation is that athletes sweat more than 
the average person. 
Sweat is not just water, sweat is a soup that contains all of the 
known essential nutrients - if the lost nutrients are not replaced prop-

278 
Steps Required by Activity 
Activity Number of Steps 
One mile 2,000 - 2,500 
Five miles 10,000 
Golf (9 holes) 8,000 
City block 200 
Soccer (90 minutes) 8,000 - 10,000 
Short walk (10 minutes) 1,200 
Female 30 - 39 (ave. per day) 5,819 
Male 30 - 39 (ave. per day) 5,162 
Female Amish (39 hours/week) 14,000/day 
Male Amish (43 hours/week) 18,000/day 
erly the athlete will fall victim to a wide range of nutrient deficiency 
diseases, including a breakdown of joints, tendons, ligaments, carti- 
lage, connective tissue and bones. The rate of sudden death in ath- 
letes is higher than in the average individual. 
Examples include Brian Maxwell, the legendary marathon run- 
ner and founder of the Power Bar empire who died in March 2004 at 
age 51 from a cardiomyopathy heart attack. 
Domenic Mobilio, the legendary Canadian soccer player died at 
age 35 from a sudden heart attack November 2004. 
Sergei Zholtok, hockey player for the Nashville Predators, died 
suddenly while playing at age 31. 
Jeff Halvorson, Canadian football running back, collapsed and 
died during a practice at age 21 September 2004. 
Rachael Townsend, 29 years of age, died October 2003 while 
running a marathon. 
Ronalda Pierce, age 19, a six foot five inch freshman basketball 
player for FSU died of a ruptured aneurysm June 2004. 
Additionally there are thousands of athletes of all ages, partici-

HELLS KITCHEN 279 
pating in many different sports, who die suddenly each year. 
The Knife Diet 
While not classically thought of as a “thermogenic,” bariatric sur- 
gery should be considered as an option for those who are morbidly 
obese. As with all surgery, there are risks associated with bariatric 
surgery. Bariatric surgery has a complication rate of seven (7%) per- 
cent including death. 
In a major government decision that attempted to turn obesity 
from the status of a personal failure to a medical problem, Medicare 
announced that it would remove barriers to covering anti-obesity 
treatments after forty years of stating, “fat was not an illness and not 
covered.” 
The change was anticipated to open the door for government 
funding of various bariatric surgeries and intensive diet and exercise 
programs. The program will “put more pressure (on private insurers) 
in terms of medical and surgical procedures,” says health financing 
researcher John Newman of Georgia State University. 
In 1992, 16,200 bariatric surgeries were performed; by 2002 the 
number had risen to 63,100; and by 2003 the annual numbers reached 
144,000. 
The medical community was overjoyed at this decision, because 
it will cause obese people to preferentially opt for expensive surgery 
without any effort on the part of the individual rather than choose 
the non-surgical programs. With sixty five percent of Americans de- 
scribed as being overweight and thirty one percent of them obese, 
the increase in the financial pressure on Medicare and private insur- 
ance will prove to be catastrophic. 
1. Roux-en-Y gastric bypass: The most popular of the three most 
common “bariatric” surgeries - staples are used to create a small pouch 
in the stomach connected to the bowel by a piece of the small intes- 
tine, bypassing the majority of the stomach. It accounts for up to 
90% of the “bariatric” procedures performed in the USA. 
2. Biliopancreatic diverson: This procedure involves removing a

280 
large portion of the stomach and bypassing much of the small intes- 
tine. 
3. Gastric banding: This procedure uses a band to pinch off a small 
portion of the stomach. The band can be adjusted to allow more or 
less food to enter the stomach. About 9% of the bariatric procedures 
in the USA employ this technique. 
4. Jaw wiring: Jaw wiring is a primitive surgical approach to weight 
control. Yes, by starving the patient they will lose weight, however, 
when the jaw is unwired the weight comes right back because the 
basic problem of mineral deficiencies has not been dealt with. 
HGH 
Human Growth Hormone: Human growth hormone or it’s precur- 
sors are known to conserve body protein and muscle mass while 
encouraging the burning of body fat. 
The reduced production of HGH associated with aging is some- 
times called “somatopause.” Somatopause is characterized by symp- 
toms of aging including wrinkles, gray hair, decreased energy, de- 
creased sexual function, increased body fat (obesity), increased risk 
of cardiovascular disease, osteoporosis, etc. 
Features of Growth Hormone Deficiency 
Anabolic Tone 
Reduced lean body mass (sarcopenia) 
Reduced skeletal muscle strength 
Reduced exercise performance 
Increased total body fat 
Increased abdominal and visceral fat 
Lipid changes 
Elevated LDL cholesterol 
Decreased HDL cholesterol 
Elevated apolipoprotein-B

HELLS KITCHEN 281 
Bone Changes 
Osteopenia (early osteoporosis) 
Metabolic effects 
Insulin resistance (in obese individuals) 
Hypoglycemia 
Abnormal resting metabolic rate 
Reduced T4 to T3 conversion 
Protein Synthesis 
Loss of skin fat (thinning skin) 
Loss of collagen in skin 
Organ atrophy and wasting 
Decreased rate of skin, hair and nail growth 
Dehydration 
Reduced urine production 
Reduced volume of sweat (difficulty in thermo regulating) 
Decreased cardiovascular output 
Increased vascular resistance (hypertension) 
Emotional Function 
Reduced energy levels 
Volatile behavior 
Dementia and reduced concentration capacity 
Depression 
Withdraws from social activities 
Loss of goals and direction 
Reduction or loss of sex drive 
The amino acids L-arginine and ornithine can cause HGH to be 
released from the pituitary gland if supplemented in significant doses. 
According to studies published in the New England Journal of 
Medicine, “HGH can reverse symptoms of human biological aging:

282 
Restoring muscle mass 
Increases thickness of skin and reduces wrinkles 
Can to some degree restore lost hair. 
Restores hair color 
Increases energy 
Increases sexual drive 
Modulates cholesterol levels 
Encourages increase in organ size 
Improves eye sight 
Can improve memory 
Improves sleep patterns 
Elevates mood 
Improves blood pressure 
Increases stamina 
Increases cardiac output 
Improves immune function 
Increases wound healing capacity 
Anorectic Drugs 
Anorectic drugs: Anorectic drugs include pharmaceuticals and herbs 
that have a profound effect on the central nervous system to sup- 
press the appetite. All anorectic drugs have serious health and life 
threatening side effects. 
Thyroid Hormone 
Thyroid hormone: It is clear that both the caloric content and the 
carbohydrate content of the diet affect thyroid metabolism. The thy- 
roid gland functions as a thermostat for the body’s basal temperature 
and metabolic rate. Increases in calories and carbohydrates increase 
the metabolically active hormones, while extreme restriction decreases 
the levels of active thyroid hormone. 
Pyruvate 
Pyruvate: Is a part of the Kreb Cycle, the cellular metabolic pathway 
that generates energy by burning carbohydrate. When supplemental

HELLS KITCHEN 283 
pyruvate is added to the metabolic system, more energy is burned - 
on a low carbohydrate diet, pyruvate will increase the rate that the 
body converts stored fat into carbohydrate or ATP which is then 
burned. This process takes some time, so there can be a delay of as 
much as six to eight weeks before significant weight loss occurs - 
once weight loss begins, however, it will be steady and predictable. 
Chocolate 
Chocolate is thought of as an indulgence, as something that over- 
weight and obese people gorge themselves on - yet chocolate can be 
one of the great natural herbal weight control products ever known 
to man. 
Studies published in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition and 
the Journal of the American College of Nutrition, reported that choco- 
late does not raise cholesterol or increase LDL. 
In a 2003 issue of the journal, Hypertension, it was reported that 
the flavonoids in cocoa could help increase blood flow to the heart, 
brain, hands and legs. 
An article in the Journal of Agriculture and Food Chemistry, reported 
that cocoa has a higher antioxidant rating than tea or red wine. 
When people crave chocolate, they are really mineral deficient 
(pica, munchies). In fact, bitter chocolate has a very low glycemic 
index because up to seventy percent of chocolate’s calories come from 
fat, and fat does not raise blood sugar. 
The fat in chocolate, cocoa butter, is comprised of stearic acid 
(34 percent), palmitic acid (20 percent) and oleic acid (30 percent). 
Both stearic and palmitic acids are saturated fats; oleic acid is a 
monounsaturated fat that is also found in olive oil. 
Cocoa powder is made when the fat, or cocoa butter, is pressed 
out of the “liquor” - most cocoa powders have little or no fat. 
Chocolate is a rich source of cocoagin, caffeine, theobromine, 
flavonol and flavonoids. These compounds have thermogenic and 
antioxidant properties that make bitter chocolate a great weight loss 
and free radical neutralizing herb.

284 
Meal-Replacement Diets 
Meal-Replacement Diets: Meal replacement diets are very useful in 
weight loss and weight management programs because calories are 
very accurately controlled and most contain some added nutrients. 
We like to have meal replacements used for one or two meals per 
day; two days per week the meal replacements can be used for all 
meals. The remainder of the meals should contain varying types of 
proteins, green leafy vegetables, steamed vegetables and a serious 
anti-munchies mineral supplement. 
Meal replacement diets should be high protein, moderate fat, low 
carbohydrate and minimal to zero sugar. 
The basic root cause of obesity, it’s symptoms and it’s complica- 
tions is a multi-mineral deficiency - this deficiency must be dealt 
with to eliminate obesity and maintain the individuals optimal weight. 
The benefit of any individual or combination of thermogenic pro- 
grams is to support and accelerate the process of weight loss - used 
as the sole approach to solving a cosmetic or clinical weight prob- 
lem, thermogenics, used alone will always fail over the long haul. 
Thermogenics by themselves cannot safely or permanently pro- 
duce a healthy weight loss program, as these weight loss approaches 
only deal with the symptom of obesity - the fat, and they do not deal 
with the general systemic cause of obesity - the mineral deficiency! 
And they don’t deal with the need for antioxidants to protect the 
individual from the free radical damage that will be generated as a 
result of “burning” body fat.

HELV’S KITCHEN 285 $$ O—O—COMHELV’S KITCHEN 285

286

Chapter 18 
“Eating as an art is very old, but as a science, very young.’ PI 
- Charles G. King, Prof. of Chemistry 
Columbia University 
Recipes to Live For 
Human beings need to consume “90 essential nutrients” on a 
daily basis to promote optimal health, fitness and longevity - fortu- 
nately our food plants (grains, vegetables fruits and nuts) can take 
carbon dioxide from the air, use the sun’s energy or “solar income”, 
and with a process known as photosynthesis manufacture long car- 
bon chains and oxygen. The oxygen is released into the atmosphere 
and the carbon chains are then configured by the plants into starch 
(grains, potatoes, squash, etc.), sugar (sugar cane, fruit, beets, etc.), 
cellulose (plant structure, wood, plant fiber, etc.), vitamins, amino 
acids, fatty acids and phytonutrients (antioxidants, flavonoids, alka- 
loids, glycosides, etc.). 
Unfortunately, plants cannot manufacture minerals and two thirds 
(60) of our ninety essential nutrients are minerals. Plants obtain min- 
erals daily for their own use from the soil. Plants only need nine (9) 
minerals to be optimally healthy, humans need sixty (60) essential 
minerals - typically farmers only add three (3) elements (NPK - ni- 
trogen, phosphorus, potassium) to their fields, because plants will 
produce maximum yields in terms of tons and bushels per acre when 
fed these three elements. 
Unfortunately, mineral nutrients do not occur in a uniform blan-

288 
ket throughout the crust of the earth - minerals occur in veins like 
chocolate in chocolate ripple ice cream and in veins like gold and 
silver. One is more likely to win $1,000,000 a day in Las Vegas than 
they are to get all of their mineral nutrients just by “eating well.” 
The bottom line is, we as humans cannot get all the nutrients we 
need just by eating well - we could spend a million dollars per day 
on exotic food and we still could not get everything we need in opti- 
mal amounts - how many wealthy people live to be 100 years of age? 
We should eat to live rather than live to eat - when one is in the 
mode of “I live to eat” they are mineral deficient (pica, munchies), 
however, with this said, there is no reason that food shouldn't be fun, 
tasty, nutritious and presented well. Food and dining are much more 
than just protein, carbohydrate, fat and fiber - dining is more than 
just putting stuff in our mouth - eating is a family event, a social 
event, a production, an educational experience and on many occa- 
sions, a business event. 
Henry A. Wallace, former Secretary of Agriculture, stated, “Man, 
for 99.9 percent or more of his life here on earth lived without the 
‘benefit’ of the starchy grains like wheat, oats, barély, rice and Indian 
corn.” Man from the beginning was first a carnivore and only be- 
came an omnivore (eats both meat and grains) some 10,000 years 
ago when organized agriculture almost totally replaced hunting in 
the “Fertile Crescent” of Iraq. 
Therefore it is not surprising that people today do better on low 
or moderately low carbohydrate diets. This chapter, “Recipes to Live 
For,” reflects recipes with a relatively low carbohydrate intake con- 
sistent with man’s early low carbohydrate nutritional history and ex- 
pects that each of us will be personally responsible for our daily in- 
take of the supplemental ninety essential nutrients with a special 
emphasis on the sixty essential minerals. 
The application of wood ashes to early gardens, the early use of 
“culinary” ashes that were added to food, either directly or indirectly 
mixed with salt began in a parallel world wide fashion about 30,000 
to 50,000 years ago. In urban communities worldwide today, avail- 
able food no longer contains the wood ash minerals that had sup- 
ported and fulfilled man’s mineral needs for tens of thousands of

HELLS KITCHEN 289 
years. 
From 30,000 B.C. to Monday September 4, 1882 at 3:00 p.m. 
man’s mineral (wood ashes) enriched food provided a steady stream 
of essential minerals - this all ended when Edison's technician pulled 
the lever to start the first commercial electrical generating plant - by 
1950, wood ashes as an essential part of urban mans life and culture 
had gone the way of the buggy whip following the appearance of the 
automobile. 
We surely don’t miss the buggy whip, that was the “accelera- 
tor” for the horse, because we have an accelerator or gas pedal in 
the car; however, we have developed a pandemic and epidemic 
of mineral deficiency diseases in humans including obesity, dia- 
betes and the Metabolic Syndrome because we have given up 
our wood ash source of minerals without replacing them with 
another source of plant minerals. 
The knowledge, recognition and acceptance of food's nutritional 
chemical limits and mineral shortcomings, still allows us to eat well 
and yet recognize that food alone can no longer provide all that hu- 
mans require for optimal health and maximum longevity. 
Nutritional supplements, especially minerals, should then be 
as comfortable on the family and commercial dining table as salt 
and pepper shakers, spices and sauces. 
Breakfast 
Poached, boiled and scrambled eggs 
2 poached eggs 
Breakfast meat 4 oz (i.e. - ground beef, steak, pork chop. 
Salmon, trout, poultry) 
Cheese 
Tomatoes 
Onions, peppers 
2 soft scrambled eggs, in butter, low temperature 
Cottage cheese 
Broccoli 
Onions (baby pearl)

290 
1/2 poppy seed bagel with one pat butter or Philadelphia 
Cream Cheese 
Whey protein/soy protein shake powder 
8 oz water or milk 
Add raw or lightly poached eggs 
Add 1/4 cup dark berries 
Add 1/2 cup chopped ice 
Blend for 2 minutes 
Omelet 
2 egg soft vegetable omelet (tomatoes, slivered almonds, 
mushrooms, onions, bell peppers, broccoli, etc.) 
Tomatoes, sliced 
1/2 poppy seed bagel with pat of butter 
Spinach-cheese omelet 
Nonstick cooking spray 
4 eggs, dash salt 
Dash cayenne pepper 
1/4 cup shredded sharp cheddar cheese (1 oz) 
1 Tblsp snipped fresh chives, flat-leaf parsley or chervil 
1 cup fresh spinach leaves well washed to remove sand 
Red pepper relish 
1. Lightly coat an unheated 8-inch nonstick skillet with flared 
sides with a non-stick cooking spray. Preheat skillet over medium- 
high heat. 
2. In a medium bowl, combine eggs, salt and cayenne pepper. 
Beat with a wire whisk until frothy. Pour into prepared skillet; cook 
over medium heat. As egg mixture sets, run a spatula around edge of 
skillet, lifting egg mixture so that the uncooked portion flows under- 
neath. 
3. Continue cooking and lifting edges until egg mixture is set, 
but is still shiny and moist. Sprinkle with the cheddar cheese and

HELLS KITCHEN 291 
chives, parsley or chervil. Top with 3/4 cup of the spinach and 2 
Tblsp of the red pepper relish. 
4. Using the spatula, lift and fold an edge on the omelet partially 
over filling. Top with remaining spinach and 1 Tblsp of the remain- 
ing red pepper relish. Cut omelet in half for two servings. 
Red pepper relish: in a small bowl, combine 2/3 cup chopped 
red sweet pepper, 2 Tblsp finely chopped onion; | Tblsp cider vin- 
egar; and 1/4 tsp ground black pepper. Makes 2/3 cup of relish. 
French Omelet 
2 eggs 
2 Tblsp water 
1/8 tsp salt 
Dash freshly ground black pepper 
1 Tblsp butter 
Filling (mushroom, cheese, fruit) 
1. In a small bowl, combine eggs, the water, salt (omit salt if 
using cheese filling) and pepper. Beat lightly with whisk until com- 
bined but not frothy. Heat an 8-inch non-stick skillet with flared 
sides over medium-high heat until skillet is hot. 
2. Add butter to skillet. When butter has melted, add egg mix- 
ture to skillet; lower heat to medium. Immediately begin stirring the 
eggs gently but continuously with a wooden spatula until mixture 
looks like very soft scrambled eggs. Stop stirring. Cook for 30 to 60 
seconds more until eggs are set, but still glistening and soft. 
3. Add a filling. With a spatula, lift and fold an edge of the omelet 
about a third of the way towards the center. Remove from the heat. 
Fold the opposite edge of the omelet toward the center; transfer to a 
warm plate. 
Mushroom filling: In a small skillet, cook 1/3 cup sliced fresh mush- 
rooms in | tsp hot butter until tender - spoon across center of om- 
' elet. 
| Cheese filling: Sprinkle 1/4 cup shredded cheddar, Swiss or Monterey

292 
Jack cheese across center of omelet. 
Fruit filling: Spread 2 Tblsp dairy sour cream or yogurt across cen- 
ter of omelet. Fold in two opposite sides. Top with 1/4 cup halved 
fresh or frozen strawberries, blueberries or raspberries. 
Farmer’s breakfast 
1 Thlsp olive oil 
1/2 Cup loose-pack frozen, diced hash brown potatoes 
with onion and peppers (thawed). 
1/2 cup chopped, cooked ham or hamburger meat 
3 Jumbo eggs 
3 Tblsp water 
2 Tblsp shredded cheddar cheese 
1. Ina medium skillet, heat oil over medium heat. Add potatoes 
in a single layer. Cover and cook for 5 to 7 minutes or until potatoes 
are tender, stirring once. Stir in meat. 
2. Ina small bowl, combine eggs and the water; beat with a ro- 
tary beater. Pour over potato mixture. Cook over medium heat, with- 
out stirring, until egg mixture begins to set on the bottom and around 
the edge. Using a spatula or large spoon, lift and fold the partially 
cooked egg mixture so that the uncooked portion flows underneath. 
3. Continue cooking over medium heat until egg mixture cooked 
through, but is still shiny and moist. Sprinkle with cheese. Remove 
from heat. Cover and let stand for 1 to 2 minutes or until cheese is 
melted. Makes two servings. 
Salmon 
4 oz grilled or poached salmon, trout or halibut 
(cover each fillet with salted butter pats, chopped 
chives, dill or sweet basil) 
Red onion slices 
Tomatoes, sliced 
1 poached egg 
1/2 onion bagel with 1 pat butter or cream cheese

HELLS KITCHEN 293 
Lunch 
Large green leafy salads with carrots, celery, radishes, mushrooms 
tomatoes, grilled chicken breast, beef steak, tuna steak, mineral en- 
riched noni juice dressing (tastes like vinaigrette). 
6 - 8 oz burger (medium rare or rare) 
1/2 bun (better yet - no bun!) 
Sliced onion 
Sliced tomatoes 
Sliced “stackers” dill pickles 
Swiss cheese 
Spicy mustard 
Mixed green salad 
Grilled chicken breast sandwich (multi-grain bread) 
Sliced tomatoes 
Sliced onions 
Spicy mustard 
Cottage cheese 
Sardines (packed in mustard sauce, tomato sauce or water) 
Tomatoes, sliced 
Artichoke hearts 
Pimento stuffed green olives 
Steamed carrot sticks 
Sardine stuffed Peppers 
2 large bell peppers, cored and seeded 
3 1/2 oz sardines chopped 
1 cup steamed rice 
1/2 medium onion, chopped 
1 cup tomato sauce 
1 beaten egg 
Salt and pepper to taste 
Fill pepper cavities with mix and bake at 350 degrees F 
for 20 minutes. 
Serve with 1 glass California white wine

294 
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F Place squash and onion in a large 
saucepan in enough water to cover them. Cook over medium-high 
heat, covered, until squash is tender (15 minutes). Strain well and 
mash slightly with a potato masher or large fork. Add the goat cheese 
and butter while still hot and stir until melted. Mix in the cornmeal, 
eggs, milk, dill, Sucralose, salt and pepper. Pour mix into an 8 x 8 
inch baking dish or 6 individual ramekins that have been coated 
with a cooking spray. Bake the mix at 400 degrees F for 40 minutes 
(35 minutes for the ramekins), or until golden brown on top. Serve 
All beef bratwurst or hotdog (without bun) 
Spicy mustard 
Chopped onions 
Chopped tomatoes 
Catsup 
Sour kraut 
Beets 
6 ounces of light beer 
Zucchini and Squash 
2 large yellow squash, sliced to 1/2-inch rounds (4 cups) 
1 medium onion, coarsely chopped 
3 ounces goat cheese 
3 Tblsp butter 
1/4 cup corn meal 
2 large eggs, beaten with a whisk 
1 cup whole milk 
3 Tblsp fresh dill chopped, additional sprigs for garnish 
1 Tblsp Sucralose 
1 tsp Kosher salt 
1/2 tsp freshly ground black pepper 
warm or room temperature. 
Zucchini Pie 
3 cups grated zucchini 
1 small onion, chopped 
1 cup all-purpose flour

HELVS KITCHEN 295 
1 cup grated provolone cheese 
3 large eggs, beat with a whisk 
1/4 cup olive oil 
4 Tblsp grated Parmesan cheese 
2 tsp chopped fresh basil 
1 tsp baking powder 
1 tsp Kosher salt 
1/2 tsp freshly ground black pepper 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees E Combine all of the ingredients in 
a large bowl, reserving 1 Tblsp of the Parmesan cheese. Spoon the 
zucchini mixture into a ten inch round glass pie plate or metal pie 
pan that has been coated with a cooking spray. Bake until golden 
brown (45 to 50 minutes). Sprinkle with the reserved Parmesan. Cool 
ten to fifteen minutes before slicing. 
Roasted tomatoes with shrimp and feta cheese 
5 large tomatoes cut into eighths 
3 Thlsp olive oil 
2 Tblsp minced garlic 
3/4 tsp Kosher salt 
3/4 tsp freshly ground black pepper 
1 1/2 lbs medium shrimp, peeled and deveined 
1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley 
2 Tblsp lemon juice 
1 cup Feta, crumbled 
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F Place the tomatoes in a large bak- 
ing dish. Spoon the olive oil and garlic over the tomatoes. Sprinkle 
with the salt and pepper and toss. Place on top rack of oven and 
roast for 20 minutes. Remove baking dish from oven and stir in the 
shrimp, parsley and lemon juice. Sprinkle the mix with the feta cheese. 
Return dish to the oven for an additional ten to fifteen minutes (until 
shrimp are cooked). Serve warm. 
Dinner 
Steak (6 - 10 ounces) 1 inch thick, medium rare.

296 
Rub with garlic salt. 
Large mixed, Spring green salad (include onions, tomatoes, 
mushrooms), mineral enriched noni-juice for salad 
dressing. Steamed vegetables. 
One glass red wine (Merlot). 
2 scoops no sugar added ice cream. 
Grilled or poached fish - 4 oz. ( Salmon, trout, halibut, 
mahi-mahi, snapper). 
Slivered almonds 
Sweet basil or thyme 
Steamed broccoli or baby carrots 
Vegetable soup or mushroom soup 
One glass white wine 
1 inch wedge of cheese cake (no topping) 
1/2 roasted chicken, baste with melted 1/2 Tblsp salted 
butter, sprinkle with 1/2 tsp sweet basil. 
Large green salad (include onions, tomatoes, steamed 
baby carrots or “coin cut,” celery, green peppers). 
Mixed steamed vegetables 
1 sesame seed roll with salted butter 
1 glass white wine 
2 pork chops, 4 lamb chops or a lamb shank roasted 
medium or medium rare and juicy. 
Mixed steamed vegetables or 1 bunch of asparagus 
Large green salad, include wedges of lime 
Herbal tea (peppermint) 
1 glass of rose’ or white wine 
Peppered pork tenderloin with tomato-mint salsa 
2 pork tenderloins (12 oz each) 
1 Tblsp mineral enriched noni juice 
6 Tblsp olive oil 
2 tsp Kosher salt 
3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper 
4 large tomatoes, cored and chopped (3 cups).

HELLS KITCHEN 297 
1/2 cup chopped sweet onion 
1 large garlic clove, minced 
1/2 cup chopped fresh mint 
1/4 cup red wine vinegar 
Place the tenderloins in a medium bowl. Add the mineral en- 
riched noni juice, 1 Tblsp of the olive oil, 1 tsp of the salt, and 1/2 
tsp of the pepper. Combine these ingredients to coat the pork well - 
cover and set aside. Combine the tomatoes, onion, garlic and mint in 
a medium bowl. Whisk together the red wine vinegar and the bal- 
ance of the olive oil, salt and pepper. Pour over the tomato mixture 
and toss well; cover and set aside. Place a large nonstick skillet or a 
grill pan coated with cooking spray over medium heat. When hot, 
add the tenderloins and cook for three minutes on each side. Reduce 
heat to medium and cook 6 to 8 minutes on each side to brown 
evenly. Remove from skillet to a platter and let stand for five minutes. 
Slice each tenderloin into eight equal pieces, and serve with 1/3 cup 
of the tomato-mint salsa. Serve with sliced avocado and warm flour 
tortillas. 
Appetizers 
Smoked Salmon Cucumber Rolls 
12 oz sliced smoked salmon 
1/2 cup honey mustard 
1 English cucumber, peeled, seeded, trimmed into 2-inch 
julienne strips 
Trim the smoked salmon to 40 strips 2 x 4 inches each. Spread a 
thin layer of honey mustard on each strip, place a small clump of 
cucumber julienne at one end, and roll into a tight bundle. Arrange 
on tray, cover loosely with clear wrap and refrigerate until it is served. 
Zesty Lemon Olives 
1 pint oil or brine packed olives, green, black or mixed 
1/4 tsp Kosher salt 
1/2 tsp peppercorns 
3 Bay leaves

298 
Rosemary or thyme (several sprigs) 
1/2 tsp fennel seeds, lightly crushed 
Garlic cloves, 4-5, halved lengthwise 
Red chili flakes (large pinch) 
2 Lemons, medium 
2 Tblsp extra virgin olive oil 
If using brine packed olives, drain them. In a medium bowl com- 
bine the olives, salt, peppercorns, bay leaves, herb sprigs, fennel seeds, 
garlic and chili flakes. Add the zest of one lemon and thin slices of 
the second. Add oil and mix well. Put into a covered jar and refriger- 
ate for more than thirty minutes to blend flavors. 
Baked Herbed Feta 
3/4 inch thick wedge or slab of feta 
Red chili flakes, dried, large pinch 
Oregano, dried, large pinch 
2 Tblesp extra virgin olive oil 
Lemon wedges, one medium lemon 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F; put the feta on sheet of foil. Sprinkle 
the chili flakes and oregano evenly over cheese - drizzle with one 
Tblsp olive oil. Wrap the feta in the foil, put the package in a small 
baking dish, bake until slightly soft (not runny). Unwrap foil at the 
table and drizzle with more of the oil. Serve with toasted pita chips. 
Goat Cheese, Pesto and Sun Dried Tomato Terrine 
10 oz goat cheese 
1/2 cup heavy cream 
Kosher salt 
Black pepper, freshly ground 
3 Thlsp basil pesto 
5 oil packed sun dried tomatoes, drained, finely chopped 
1/4 cup pine nuts, toasted, coarsely chopped 
Extra virgin olive oil for drizzling 
Pita chips 
Line the inside of a two cup steep sided bowl with plastic wrap

HELLS KITCHEN 299 
(let ends hang over sides). In a mixing bowl, mash the goat cheese 
and 1/4 cup of the cream with a fork and season with 1/4 tsp salt and 
a few grinds of pepper; add more cream. Spoon approximately one- 
third of the cheese into the lined bowl and pack into an even layer. 
Spread the pesto almost completely to the edges of the first layer of 
cheese. Top with another one-third of the cheese, the sun dried to- 
matoes, and all but 1/2 Tblsp of the pine nuts. Top with the remain- 
ing cheese. Pack evenly, fold plastic cover over the mix and refriger- 
ate for a minimum of thirty minutes. Thirty minutes before serving, 
remove bowl from refrigerator, pull the edges of the plastic to free 
terrine from the bowl. Invert terrine onto serving platter, drizzle lightly 
with olive oil, let sit for thirty minutes at room temperature to warm 
up. Sprinkle with remaining pine nuts and season to taste with fresh 
ground pepper. Serve with toasted pita chips. 
Steamed Artichokes with Garlic Butter 
For the Artichokes 
2 tsp pickling spices 
4 large fresh whole artichokes 
1/2 lemon, medium 
For the Garlic Butter 
3/4 cup unsalted butter 
1 large clove garlic, minced 
1/4 tsp Kosher salt 
Put one inch of water and the pickling spices into a pot wide 
enough to hold the artichokes. Set a steamer rack into the pot, but 
not touching the water. Bring the water to a simmer over moderate 
heat. Trim artichokes, slice off stems for steaming later, rub exposed 
base with sliced lemon. Remove top one third of artichoke with ser- 
rated knife. Use scissors to trim off points of each artichoke leaf. Rub 
cut surface with sliced lemon. Place artichokes in steamer, stem side 
up. Cover the pot and adjust the heat to bring water to a simmer and 
- steam artichokes until base is tender - about 30 - 40 minutes.

300 
To make garlic butter, melt butter in small sauce pan over low 
heat. Add garlic and salt; warm slowly for one minute. 
To serve, drain artichokes on paper towels, serve warm on plates, 
divide garlic butter into four small side bowls. 
Peppered Shrimp 
1 cup extra virgin olive oil 
2 Tblsp toasted sesame oil 
3 inch ginger root, sliced thin 
1 bunch scallions, coarsely chopped 
1 Tblsp cracked black pepper 
1 Tblsp soy sauce 
1/2 tsp cayenne 
Zest strips from 2 oranges 
40 jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined 
Kosher salt 
Heat olive oil and sesame oil until smoking, add ginger and scal- 
lions and combine for one minute. Remove from heat, cool for one 
minute and add pepper, soy sauce and orange zest. Cool completely, 
then add raw shrimp - marinate for thirty minutes at room tempera- 
ture. Remove shrimp from marinade, lightly pat dry with paper towel 
and season lightly with salt. Heat the shrimp in a heavy cast iron 
skillet, until hot and opaque throughout. Let cool and serve at room 
temperature on large garnished serving platter. 
Snacks and Desserts 
Nuts 
Nuts are a wonderful low glycemic index snack - their high fat 
content does not raise blood sugar and they are a source of essential 
fatty acids. Nuts are energy dense and nutrient dense - 160 calories 
per ounce. A study done by the Center for Health Research at Loma 
Linda University, California showed that adding 250 calories of nuts 
(36 almonds) to an individual’ diet for six months did not lead to a 
weight gain.

HELLS KITCHEN 301 
Eating a handful of nuts each day without cutting back on carbo- 
hydrates and other sources of fat will translate into a 10 to 20 pound 
weight gain over a year. 
Giving up potato chips and candy will make nut consumption 
safe in terms of simple calorie exchange. If a person is still in the 
clutches of pica or the munchies, and will eat until the container is 
empty, portion control can be used - measure out the daily limit of 
nuts into small zip-lock bags. 
Even the FDA allows, “Scientific evidence suggests, but does not 
prove, that eating 1.5 ounces per day of most nuts, as part of a diet 
low in saturated fat and cholesterol, may reduce the risk of heart 
disease.” 
Dr. Walter C. Willett, author of The Harvard Medical School Guide 
to Healthy Eating, writes, “Contrary to popular opinion, nuts are not 
junk food. They are actually a great source of protein and other nu- 
tritional goodies. One of the more surprising findings from nutrition 
research over the past decade is that people who regularly eat nuts 
are less likely to have heart attacks or die from heart disease than 
those who rarely eat them.” 
Walnuts: English walnuts are a good source of iron, phosphorus, zinc, potassium, and vitamin E; they are the only nut with significant levels of omega-3 fatty acids. One ounce (14 halves) contains 190 calories and 18 grams of fat. 
Almonds: are rich in vitamin E and calcium (6 percent of the 
USDA recommended daily value). One ounce (24 almonds) con- 
tains 160 calories and 14 grams of fat. 
Hazelnuts (Filberts): 24 nuts provide twenty percent of the 
USDA recommended daily value of vitamin E and ninety percent of 
the manganese. One ounce (20 nuts) contain 180 calories and 17 
grams of fat. 
Brazil nuts: can concentrate the trace mineral selenium if it is in 
the soil in which they are growing. One ounce (6 - 8 nuts) contains 
190 calories and 19 grams of fat.

302 
Pistachios: a handful of pistachios gives twenty five percent of 
the USDA recommended daily value for vitamin B6. One ounce (50 
dry roasted nuts) contains 160 calories and 13 grams of fat. 
Pecans: contain a relatively high percentage of fat, however, it is 
“sood fat” (monounsaturated fat) - one ounce (20 halves) contains 
200 calories and 20 grams of fat. 
Macadamias: are “butter smooth” and contain the highest level 
of fat (including saturated fat) of all nuts. One ounce (10 to 20 roasted 
nuts) contains 200 calories and 22 grams of fat. 
Cashews: a handful contains 20 percent of the USDA recommended daily allowance of magnesium, 30 percent of copper, and 
10 percent of iron. One ounce (18 roasted nuts) contains 160 calories and 13 grams of fat. 
Pan-Roasted Coriander and Chili Almonds 
1/2 Tblsp almond oil 
1 1/2 cups whole natural almonds 
1 - 3 small dried red chilli peppers, seeded and finely Diced 
1 tsp coriander seeds. Crushed 
1/2 tsp Splenda 
1/4 tsp Kosher salt 
Gently heat almond oil in a large skillet. Add almonds; cook and 
stir until roasted and fragrant. Stir in chili, coriander, Splenda and 
salt. Serve warm or at room temperature. 
To bring out the maximum flavor of nuts, toast in a preheated 
oven at 350 degrees F for ten to fifteen minutes. 
Dark Berries 
Dark berries are a great source of antioxidants, taste and fun. 
Freezing allows you to buy them during harvest season and have 
them in recipes throughout the year. Strawberries, raspberries, black- 
berries and blueberries can be used as great tasting and healthful 
additions to whey shakes, eaten as a berry salad before or after a

HELLS KITCHEN 303 
meal, they can be used as toppings for no sugar added ice cream or 
just served with heavy cream as a desert. 
The texture of frozen berries is considerably different than that of 
fresh berries. The natural water in the frozen berries forms ice crys- 
tals that cut through the cell walls. When the frozen berries are thawed, 
juices flow out of the damaged cell walls and the character of the 
berry turns from firm to soft. Blueberries tend to maintain their shape 
and firmness better than other berries. Berries that are handled prop- 
erly and frozen in rigid containers or freezer friendly zip-loc plastic 
bags can maintain their taste and eating quality for a year at 10 de- 
grees F or below. 
An important part of the freezing process for berries is the prepa- 
ration: 
Strawberries - put just 3 or 4 strawberries at a time in a quart con- 
tainer of water, swirl briefly to wash off sand and other debris and 
gently remove - do not allow them to soak. Using a sharp knife, 
remove stem and leaves and halve or keep whole. There are two 
good methods for freezing strawberries. 
1. For whole, unsweetened berries, remove berries from the wash 
water, place on several layers of paper towels and gently pat dry. Line 
a cookie sheet with plastic wrap or wax paper, then place the berries 
in a single layer and cover with a paper towel. Place in the freezer. 
When the berries are frozen hard, repack them in freezer containers 
or plastic freezer bags - remove as much air as possible without scuff- 
ing the berries and return to the freezer. 
2. Add a small quantity of pectin and sugar to enhance the reten- 
tion of shape and taste. Wash (using above method) 1 gallon of whole 
berries. Remove stems and leaves and halve berries. Mix together 
1/2 cup granulated sugar, 1/2 cup Sucralose and 2 Tblsp of pow- 
dered pectin. Stir gently into berries; let stand for ten minutes to 
allow the dry ingredients to dissolve and juices to be produced. Place 
in freezer containers or plastic freezer bags - leave 1 inch of space per 
container. This mix will make 6 pints of sweetened frozen berries. 
Caneberries (red raspberries, black raspberries, boysenberries, lo-

304 
ganberries and Marionberries) - place berries in a colander and lightly 
rinse. Drain well and place in a single layer on cookie sheets lined 
with plastic wrap or wax paper. Cover with paper towels. Place in 
the freezer until firm (1 hour). Remove berries and place in freezer 
containers or freezer bags. Caneberries freeze well without added 
sugar, however, if you wish you can add 1/8 to 1/4 cup of Sucralose 
per quart of berries. 
Blueberries - choose blueberries that are a deep blue color and cov- 
ered with a fine white powdery dust (“bloom”) on the skin. Put blue- 
berries in a colander and rinse carefully (washing after thawing is not 
recommended). Drain well and place in freezer containers or plastic 
freezer bags and place in the freezer. 
Grilled Nectarines with Blackberries and Ice Cream 
2 pints blackberries 
1 tsp fresh lemon juice; more to taste 
2 Tblsp unsalted butter, melted 
2 Tblsp honey 
1/2 tsp ground cinnamon 
4 large nectarines 
Vanilla ice cream (no sugar added) 
Crisp butter cookies 
Fresh mint sprigs 
Ina blender, mix I pint of blackberries with 1/3 cup of water and 
the lemon juice. Puree until smooth. Pass the puree through a fine 
sieve, pressing down with the back of a ladle. Adjust the flavor with 
more lemon juice or a little Splenda to taste. Reserve this coulis. 
Heat the grill to medium high. In a shallow bowl or lipped plate, 
stir together the melted butter, honey and cinnamon. Cut each nec- 
tarine in half and remove the pit. Slice a bit off of the skin side so that 
the fruit will lay flat when served. Roll each half in the melted butter 
mix. Grill, pit side down, until the fruit is softened and the pit side 
begins to darkin and caramelize (about 4 minutes). 
Put a nectarine half (or two halves if they are small) pit side up in 
the center of each plate. Drizzle some of the blackberry coulis around

HELLS KITCHEN 305 
the fruit and sprinkle with the blackberries. Top each nectarine while 
still warm with a scoop of the no sugar added vanilla ice cream. 
Garnish with a crisp butter cookie and sprig of mint - serve before 
ice cream melts. 
Creamy Mixed Berry Parfait 
6 oz cream cheese, softened 
1/3 cup Splenda Lite, sifted 
1 cup heavy cream, chilled 
Pinch table salt 
1 1/2 Thlsp fresh lemon juice 
1 tsp finely grated lemon zest 
1 Tblsp finely chopped fresh mint; plus 4 sprigs for garnish 
4 cups fresh or frozen berries (1 1/3 cups each of 
raspberries, strawberries and blueberries). 
Combine the softened cream cheese, Splenda Lite and salt in a 
medium bowl. Using a hand-held electric mixer, beat on low speed 
until the cream cheese is smooth and the Splenda is incorporated. 
Add the heavy cream and beat on low speed until the mixture is 
smooth, stopping to scrape down the sides of the bowl as needed. 
Increase the speed to medium high and beat until the cream is bil- 
lowy and holds medium firm peaks (30 to 60 seconds). Add the 
lemon juice, zest and the mint. Stir briefly to blend. Line up four 
parfait glasses or stemmed wineglasses. Beginning and ending with 
the berries, evenly layer all the berries and all but 2/3 cup of the 
cream into the glasses. Top with a dollop of the remaining cream and 
garnish with a mint sprig. 
Blackberry Breeze 
1/4 cup frozen unsweetened blackberries 
1/4 cup fat free blackberry yogurt 
1/2 tsp cinnamon 
2 tsp Splenda 
3/4 cup water 
1 cup ice cubes 
In a blender, combine the frozen blackberries, yogurt, cinnamon,

306 
Splenda and water. Blend for thirty seconds, until smooth. Add the 
ice cubes and blend for thirty seconds more, until thick. 
Mueslix and Berries 
1 cup low-fat vanilla yogurt 
1/4 cup old fashioned rolled oats 
1 apple, peeled, cored and coarsely chopped 
1/2 cup strawberries 
1/2 cup blueberries 
5 whole almonds, coarsely chopped 
In a large bowl, combine the yogurt, oats, apple, strawberries, 
blueberries and almonds; mix well until blended. Serve immediately, 
or store in fridge for up to six hours. 
Whey/soy sugar free protein shakes or pudding 
Key lime pie - mix one serving of vanilla Nature’s Whey 
shake according to directions. 
Add 2 Tblsp frozen lime juice 
1 Graham cracker 
3 ice cubes 
Blend on high speed for 45 seconds. 
Egg nog - mix one serving of vanilla Nature’s Whey 
shake according to directions. 
Add 1/4 tsp ground allspice 
1 lightly poached egg 
3 ice cubes 
Blend on high speed for 45 seconds. 
Cinnamon Roll Supreme - mix one serving of vanilla 
Nature’s Whey shake according to directions. 
Add 1/4 tsp ground cinnamon 
1 tsp softened butter 
3 ice cubes 
Blend on high speed for 45 seconds.

HELLS KITCHEN 307 
Strawberry cheese cake - mix one serving of vanilla 
Nature’s Whey shake according to directions. 
Add 3 Tblsp of Jellos no-bake, reduced fat cheese cake mix 
3 low-fat vanilla wafers 
3 - 5 strawberries 
3 ice cubes 
Blend on high speed for 45 seconds 
Chocolate peanut butter cup - mix one serving of chocolate 
Nature’s Whey shake according to directions. 
1 heaping Tblsp of peanut butter 
3 ice cubes 
Blend on high speed for 45 seconds 
Double deluxe chocolate fudge - mix one serving of 
chocolate Nature’s Whey shake according to 
directions. 
1 packet of sugar-free, fat free hot cocoa mix 
3 ice cubes 
Blend on high speed for 45 seconds. 
Cookies and cream - mix one serving of chocolate 
Nature’s Whey shake according to directions. 
Add 4 drops of peppermint extract 
3 ice cubes 
Blend on high speed for 45 seconds. 
Then add 4 low-fat chocolate wafers and blend at low 
speed for 10 seconds. 
Chocolate mocha mint - mix one serving of chocolate 
Nature’s Whey shake according to directions. 
Add 1 1/2 heaping Tblsp of General Foods International 
Coffees Swiss Mocha sugar free, fat free instant 
coffee. 
4 drops of peppermint extract 
3 ice cubes 
Blend on high speed for 45 seconds

308 
Banana split - mix one serving of chocolate Nature’ Whey 
shake according to directions. 
1 banana 
1 oz Osteo-fx 
1/4 cup fresh pineapple, chopped, drained 
3 - 5 strawberries 
3 ice cubes 
Blend on high speed for 45 seconds. 
Salads and Steamed Vegetables 
Broccoli 
Broccoli, carrots, cauliflower 
Green beans, slivered almonds, pearl onions 
Peas, carrots (1/4 inch cubes) 
Peas, pearl onions 
Mixed bell peppers (red, green, yellow, orange) 
Beets, sliced onions 
Okra, cooked tomato slices, pearl onions 
Lima beans, pearl onions 
Tomatoes, sliced and sliced onions 
Romaine lettuce 
Shredded provolone cheese 
Mixed spring greens (miners lettuce, bib lettuce, 
red cabbage, dandelion leaves and flowers, etc.). 
1/8 to 1/4 head iceberg lettuce, tomato wedges, radishes, 
bell pepper rings. 
Greek salad 
8 Tblsp extra-virgin olive oil 
1 cup loosely packed fresh basil leaves, plus 6 sprigs 
1/4 tsp salt, plus more to taste 
1/2 lb chunk Feta cheese 
2 14 oz cans stuffed grape leaves 
1 medium seedless cucumber, peeled and cut into bite-sized 
chunks.

HELLS KITCHEN 309 
1 8 oz package cherry or grape tomatoes, halved 
3/4 cup black olives (Kalamata) 
1 12 oz jar pepperoncini, drained 
1 lemon, quartered and seeded 
Kosher salt 
Freshly ground black pepper 
To make basil oil, combine the olive oil, 1 cup basil leaves and 
1/4 tsp salt in blender. Blend until smooth. Set aside. Divide the Feta, 
stuffed grape leaves, cucumber, tomatoes, olives, pepperoncini and 
basil sprigs equally on six plates or bowls. Squeeze on lemon juice; 
drizzle with the basil oil. Add salt and pepper to taste. 
Grilled everything salad 
2 Tblsp prepared horseradish 
3 Tblsp red wine vinegar 
5 Tblsp extra virgin olive oil 
1 tsp Kosher salt 
1/2 tsp freshly ground pepper 
1 10 oz package (2 bunches) fresh spinach, stems removed 
1 1/2 lbs grilled flank steak medium rare (6 cups thinly sliced) 
1 large onion, thickly sliced and grilled (3 cups) 
3 carrots, thinly sliced and grilled (3 cups) 
3 plum tomatoes, halved and grilled 
Vinaigrette: whisk together the horseradish, vinegar, olive oil, salt 
and pepper in a small bowl. Set aside. Arrange the spinach on a 
serving platter. Slice the steak into 1/4 inch stripes, arrange them on 
top the spinach, along with the grilled vegetables. Drizzle with the 
vinaigrette and serve. 
Gouda or Brie cheese wedges, sliced tomatoes 
Crab and Avocado salad 
1 Tblsp heavy cream 
2 Tblsp buttermilk 
1/2 tsp lemon zest 
2 tsp fresh lemon juice; more for sprinkling

310 
1/2 tsp Dijon mustard 
Kosher salt and freshly ground black or white pepper 
8 oz crab meat (lump) - remove all shell pieces 
1/2 cup finely chopped celery (inner ribs and leaves) 
3 Tblsp chopped fresh chives (1/2 in pieces) 
1 ripe avocado, peeled, pitted - cut into 1/2 in pieces. 
1 head Boston or Bibb lettuce (for lining plates) 
In asmall bowl, whisk the heavy cream, buttermilk, lemon zests, 
lemon juice and mustard. Season with salt and pepper to taste. In a 
medium bowl, mix the crab meat, celery and 2 Tblsp of chives. Fold 
in the dressing gently to avoid breaking up the crab meat chunks. 
Gently fold in avocado. Taste for salt and pepper. Line four salad 
plates with lettuce leaves, heap a scoop of the crab salad on each, 
garnish with the balance of the chives. Sprinkle each salad with 1/2 
tsp lemon juice and serve. 
Bistro salad with warm goat cheese Dressing 
1/2 cup toasted hazelnuts (skinned) 
4 oz log fresh goat cheese 
1 Tblsp sherry vinegar 
3 Tblsp hazelnut oil 
Kosher salt 
Freshly ground black pepper 
4 hands full of small lettuce leaves (3 varieties) - 6 cups 
Washed and thoroughly dried 
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F and lightly coat a baking sheet 
with a cooking spray. Roughly chop half of the hazelnuts and finely 
chop the remaining half. Slice the goat cheese into 4 equal portions. 
Press the finely chopped hazelnuts into the cheese rounds to coat 
them on all sides. Set the coated rounds on the baking sheet and 
bake until heated (6 - 8 minutes). In a small bowl, whisk together 
the vinegar, oil, a pinch of salt and a sprinkling of freshly ground 
pepper. Taste and adjust seasonings. When the cheese is ready, toss 
the lettuce with the dressing until the leaves are evenly coated. Mound 
the lettuce on individual plates, top with a round of warm goat cheese,

HELLS KITCHEN 311 
scatter the balance of the hazelnuts over all dishes. 
Soups 
Vegetable beef or vegetable chicken soup 
Dice broccoli, onions, carrots, peas, tomatoes, string beans, 
celery, okra, etc.). Four ounces of grilled chicken (diced), 
ground beef or roast beef cut into 1/2 inch cubes. Garlic salt 
and pepper to taste. 
Seven-bean soup (great laxative!) simmer 
for at least 2-4 hours 
Continue to add water as needed. 
2 quarts water 
1/2 cup kidney beans 
1/2 cup pinto beans 
1/2 cup navy beans 
1/2 cup lima beans 
1/2 cup butter beans 
1/2 cup soy beans or chick peas 
1/2 green beans 
1/2 cup pearl onions 
Garlic salt to taste 
Diced green tomatoes 
Fresh Zucchini soup 
For the soup: 
12 sprigs fresh cilantro (1 packed cup); more leaves 
for garnish 
1 small head garlic, cross cut at middle; plus 1 Tblsp 
minced garlic. 
3 Tblsp unsalted butter 
1 large onion, sliced (to yield 1 1/2 cups). 
2 tsp Kosher salt; add more to taste 
1 Tblsp minced fresh ginger 
2 Tblsp minced jalapeno 
1/2 tsp cumin seeds

312 iositigr eee ee eee SS SS 
1/2 tsp coriander seeds 
1/8 tsp cardamom seeds or one green pod 
1 lb zucchini (unpeeled), sliced 1/2 in thick 
1/4 tsp fresh lime juice; more to taste 
For the raita: 
1/2 cup whole-milk yogurt 
1/4 tsp Kosher salt; more to taste 
1 tsp olive oil 
1/2 tsp brown mustard seeds 
1/4 tsp cumin seeds 
To make the soup: Put the cilantro, halved garlic head, and 5 
cups of water in a large saucepan. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer, 
and cook uncovered for 15 minutes. Strain the broth. Melt the butter 
in a large heavy saucepan over a medium heat. Add the onion, 2 tsp 
salt, ginger, jalapeno, cumin seeds, coriander seeds and cardamom. 
Cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onion is translucent, 
about 10 minutes - don’t let it brown. Stir in the Tblsp minced garlic 
and the zucchini, cover, and cook, stirring occasionally until the 
squash is softened (about 5 minutes). Add 4 cups of the broth; bring 
to a simmer; and cook until the zucchini is tender (about an addi- 
tional 3 minutes). Puree the mixture in a blender and strain through 
a fine sieve. Add the lime juice; taste and add salt if needed. Serve 
warm, garnished with | - 2 Tblsp raita and the cilantro leaves. 
Make the raita: In a small bowl combine the yogurt and salt. Heat 
the oil in a small skillet. When hot, add the mustard and cumin 
seeds. When they start to pop, add the oil and the seeds to the yogurt 
and stir. 
Cucumber soup with avocado 
1 large (8 oz) white sweet onion, peeled and quartered 
1 lb cucumbers, peeled, seeded, and cut into large chunks 
1 medium ripe avocado 
1 1/2 cups plain whole-milk yogurt 
3 Thlsp extra virgin olive oil 
1 - 2 cloves garlic, minced

HELLS KITCHEN 313 
3/4 tsp ground cumin (toasted and freshly ground) 
1 tsp Kosher salt; more to taste 
1/3 cup loosely packed fresh basil leaves 
2 Tblsp fresh mint leaves 
2 -3 Thlsp fresh lemon juice 
Freshly ground black pepper 
Put the onion chunks in the food processor, pulse to chop finely. 
Scoop into a sieve, rinse under cold water, and set aside to drain. Put 
the cucumber chunks in the food processor, pulse to chop finely. 
Add the drained onion and pulse to combine. Set aside 3/4 cup of 
the cucumber onion mix to stir into the soup at the end. Cut the 
avocado in half and remove the pit. Scoop out the pulp and drop it 
into the food processor with the remaining cucumber onion mix- 
ture. Add the yogurt, olive oil, garlic, cumin and salt. Puree until 
smooth. Using a sharp knife, slice the basil and mint leaves into shreds 
and then stir the into the soup along with the lemon juice, 1 cup cold 
water and the reserved cucumber onion mixture. Season to taste with 
salt and pepper. Cover and chill for at least a half hour (several hours 
are preferred). Before serving, check for consistency, gradually add- 
ing another 1/2 to 1 cup cold water to thin the soup if necessary. Add 
more lemon juice and salt if needed and serve. 
Portuguese Canja: Chicken soup 
6 cups homemade or low salt chicken broth 
1/2 tsp Kosher salt; more to taste 
1/2 cup long-grain rice (basmati) 
1 boneless, skinless whole chicken breast, cut into 
1 x 1/2 -inch strips or 1/2 in dice. 
1/4 cup fresh lemon juice 
Fresh ground black pepper to taste 
6 Tblsp chopped fresh mint 
Combine 1/2 cup of the broth, 1/2 cup water, and the salt in a 
small, heavy saucepan. Bring to a boil and stir in the rice. Reduce the 
heat to low, cover the pan and simmer until all the liquid is absorbed 
and the rice is just tender (20 minutes); set aside. In a large, heavy

314 
saucepan, bring the remaining 5 1/2 cups broth to a simmer over a 
minimum heat. Add the chicken, reduce the heat to a gentle simmer, 
and poach until the chicken is firm and just cooked through G - 5 
minutes). If the broth is cloudy, you can remove the chicken, strain 
the liquid through a cheesecloth - lined strainer, and return the 
chicken to the broth. Add the reserved rice and the lemon juice and 
season with salt and pepper to taste. Sprinkle on the mint and serve 
immediately. 
Tomato bisque 
2 Tblsp olive oil 
1 small onion diced 
1 clove garlic, minced 
3 large sprigs fresh thyme 
1 can (28 oz) crushed tomatoes in puree 
1 1/2 cups homemade or low salt chicken broth 
3 Tblsp honey 
1 1/2 tsp Kosher salt; more to taste 
1/4 tsp finely ground pepper; more to taste 
1/3 cup heavy cream 
2 Tblsp chopped fresh flat leaf parsley 
In a medium pot, heat the oil. Add the onion and cook over 
medium heat, stirring frequently, until tender and lightly browned 
on the edges (approximately 7 minutes). Add the garlic and thyme; 
stir until fragrant (1 minute). Add the tomatoes, broth, honey, salt 
and pepper. Bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat and 
simmer, stirring frequently until reduced by a quarter and thickened 
(approximately 15 minutes). Using a stand or immersion blender, 
puree about half the soup; it will be chunky and thick. Return all the 
soup to the pot and stir in the cream. Heat gently and adjust the 
seasoning. Ladle the soup into bowls, sprinkle with the parsley, and 
serve the soup immediately. 
Chilled sugar snap pea soup 
2 Tblsp butter 
1 cup chopped onion (1 medium onion)

HELLS KITCHEN 315 
1 1/2 lbs sugar snap peas, washed and cut into 5 cups 
of 1/2 in pieces. 
1 tsp Sucralose 
1/2 tsp Kosher salt 
1 cup half and half 
2 Tblsp chopped fresh chives 
Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the on- 
ion and cook 5 minutes. Add the snap peas and cook, stirring occa- 
sionally, until bright green and crisp-tender, about 5 minutes. Mix in 
the Sucralose and salt and cook 1 minute more. Stir the half and half 
with 3 cups of water in a large measuring cup. Place half the snap pea 
mixture in a blender or food processor. Pour in half of the water 
mixture and puree until smooth (30 - 60 seconds). Repeat with the 
remaining ingredients. Pour the soup through a strainer and chill for 
at least 4 hours. Sprinkle with the chives just before serving - makes 
6 bowls. 
Sauces 
Tomato Marmalade 
1 cup Splenda Lite sugar substitute 
3 cups red wine vinegar 
20 tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and finely diced 
1 Tblsp cumin seed 
4 - 8 jalapenos, seeded and finely diced 
20 black peppercorns 
Zest and juice of 2 large oranges 
Zest and juice of 2 lemons 
1. In a large saucepan, combine the sugar and vinegar and sim- 
mer over medium heat for 5 to 10 minutes, until the mixture reaches 
a syrup texture. 
2. Stir in the tomatoes, jalapenos, cumin seed, peppercorns, or- 
ange and lemon zest and juices. Cook over low heat, stirring fre- 
- quently, until marmalade reaches a thick consistency, 20 to 25 min- 
utes, depending on the juiciness of the tomatoes.

316 
3. Pour into a jar or other container and store in the refrigerator. 
Serve cold. Can be used on breakfast toast or bagel or on a ham- 
burger. 
Picasso Blue Salsa 
2 cups fresh blueberries, divided 
1 - 2 serrano peppers, chopped (with seeds) 
2 Tblsp creamed hot pepper honey 
1/2 tsp grated ginger root 
Juice of 1/2 lime 
1/2 tsp salt 
2 Tblsp minced purple onion 
4 - 6 fresh mint leaves, coarsely chopped 
1. Place 1 cup blueberries, serranos, honey, ginger, lime juice 
and salt in food processor. 
2. Process about 20 seconds until pureed. 
3. Add remaining blueberries, onion and mint leaves, then pulse 
several times. Mixture should be slightly chunky. 
4. Refrigerate for at least one hour before serving. 
This salsa is good on salmon, smoked turkey and pork tender- 
loin. 
Rubs 
As the name implies, rubs are rubbed into the food with your 
fingers prior to cooking to impart an “extra measure of flavor.” 
Cajun Rub 
This rub is especially useful for pork, chicken and seafood. In a 
small bowl, combine | 1/2 tsp ground white pepper, 1 1/2 tsp black 
pepper; 1 tsp cayenne pepper; | tsp dried thyme, crushed; 1 tsp 
onion powder; | tsp garlic powder; and 1 tsp salt. 
To use, sprinkle rub evenly over pork, chicken or fish; rub in 
with your fingers - grill or broil until done. Can store in a tight con- 
tainer for up to three months. Mixture makes seven tsp, enough for

HELL'S KITCHEN 317 
about 3 1/2 pounds of meat poultry or fish. 
Lemon-Herb Rub 
This zesty lemon rub will add a zippy accent to pork or beef. Ina 
small bowl, combine 8 cloves garlic, minced; 1 1/2 tsp fine lemon 
zest; 1 tsp dried rosemary, crushed; 1/2 tsp salt; 1/2 tsp dried sage, 
crushed; and 1/2 tsp ground black pepper. 
To use, sprinkle mix evenly over beef or pork; rub in deeply with 
fingers. Grill or broil until done (medium rare). Makes 2 Tblsp of 
mix - enough for two to three pounds of beef or pork. 
Jamaican Jerk Rub 
Jamaican jerk (barbecue) can be wet, dry, sauced or rubbed, and 
all of these styles have their fans. In a small bowl, combine 2 tsp 
Splenda; 1 1/2 tsp onion powder; 1 1/2 tsp dried thyme, crushed; 1 
tsp ground allspice; 1 tsp ground black pepper; | tsp cayenne pep- 
per; 1/2 tsp salt; 1/4 tsp ground nutmeg; and 1/8 tsp ground cloves. 
To use, sprinkle mix evenly over meat or chicken; rub in with 
fingers. Grill or broil meat (medium rare) and poultry (medium) until 
done. Make 8 tsp or enough for four pounds of meat or chicken. 
Chili Rub 
Chili rub can be used effectively for beef, pork and poultry. In a 
small bowl, combine 1 Tblsp paprika; 1 tsp ground cumin; 1 tsp 
chili powder; 1/2 tsp salt; 1/2 tsp ground coriander; 1/2 tsp ground 
black pepper; and 1/2 tsp ground cayenne pepper. 
To use, sprinkle mix evenly over beef, pork or chicken until done. 
Make six tsp, enough for three pounds of beef, pork or chicken. 
Water 
Water is essential for life, and we are made up of sixty to seventy 
percent water. Good water is essential to any successful weight loss 
and weight control program. Eight to ten glasses of water each day 
will help the absorption of mineral nutrients (which helps to elimi- 
nate pica), water helps to flush out the dangerous byproducts of “burn-

318 
ing” fat and water gives the sensation of fullness. 
Distilled water is 100 percent water with absolutely no contami- 
nants but it tastes “flat” and over time will pull minerals from your 
body. A good compromise is to use distilled or double filtered water 
that has been “enriched” with liquid colloidal minerals at the rate of 
one ounce of the liquid colloidal minerals (19,000 mg of minerals 
per quart) per gallon of distilled or double filtered water. 
We get lots of questions about water, so we looked for and found 
the opinions of professional wine tasters for different brands of bottled 
water. A panel comprised of Rod Smith, wine columnist for the Los 
Angeles Times; Peg Melnick, wine writer for the Santa Rosa Press Demo- 
crat; Jeff Cox, contributing editor for The Wine News (and Men’s 
Health); Bill Traverso, wine buyer and judge for many prestigious 
national wine competitions; and Dan Kosta, wine maker at the Kosta 
Browne Winery in Sonoma County, California. 
The waters were graded ona 1 - 20 scale (20 being the best of the 
best): 
Fiji Natural Artesian Water - Bottled at the source on the main 
island of Viti Levu in Fiji, this slightly alkaline water contains dis- 
solved calcium, magnesium and colloidal silica. Score: 19. Com- 
ments: “Tastes like spring water.” “Fat, round with a hint of flowers.” 
“Clean.” “Sweet and pleasant.” 
Dasani Purified Water - Made by the Coca Cola Company from 
filtered municipal water, which is then “spiked” with minerals. Score: 
17. Comments: “The cleanest tasting water in the bunch.” “Dry, clean 
- even crisp.” “It'S smooth and pure tasting.” 
Ice Age Premium Glacier Water - Glacial meltwater collected at 
Alpine Creek in Toba Inlet, British Columbia. Score: 16. Comments: 
“Fresh and dry.” “Big in the mouth, but not dense.” “Dry.” 
Crystal Geyser Natural Alpine Spring Water - Bottled at the (non- 
erupting) source springs in three mountain ranges - the Sierra Ne- 
vada, Cascades and Blue Ridge. Score: 16. Comments: “It has a pleas- 
ant, fat taste.” “Clean and dry with just a hint of minerals.” 
Aqua Mountain - bottled under the authority of the 7Up Bottling of

HELLS KITCHEN 319 
San Francisco, is purified tap water. Score: 14. Comments: “It tastes 
like the plastic bottle that it comes in.” “A slight creaminess and full 
body.” “Plastic flavor.” 
Alhambra Drinking Water - The water from Mt. Shasta in northern 
California, is subjected to microfiltration and ultraviolet light “for a 
fresh, clean taste,” according to the label. (exposure to ultraviolet 
light is for a germicidal effect). Score: 13. Comments: “Seems like 
tap water.” “A neutral, mineral taste.” “Plump water, round and soft.” ne 
Evian Natural Spring Water - Bottled in the French Alps at Cachat 
Spring in Evian, France. The label says, “filtered through the moun- 
tains,” whatever that means. Score: 12. Comments: “Tastes like wa- 
ter.” “Doesn’t taste softened.” 
Glaceau Smartwater - The name “Glaceau” suggests it comes froma 
glacier, but no such luck. It’s distilled water with calcium chloride, 
magnesium chloride and potassium bicarbonate added. Score: 11. 
Comments: “Chlorine on the nose and palate.” “Kind of dull.” 
Aquafina Purified Drinking Water - The label promises “nothing 
but crisp, clean refreshment.” The panel thought otherwise. Score: 
10. Comments: “Bitter edge, tooth-gritting.” 
Tap Water - Only Dan Kosta liked it and thought it was “minerally.” 
Alcohol 
A report released during the summer of 2004 by the National 
Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism concluded that, in gen- 
eral, a single alcoholic drink each day can be beneficial. Wine may 
protect a sixty five year old man from cardiovascular disease, but 
may increase the risk of a car accident in a twenty two year old. 
Two drinks per day can increase the risk of liver cirrhosis, pan- 
creatitis and colon cancer. 
One or two drinks per day can reduce the risk of a heart attack 
by thirty to forty percent about the same as statin drugs. Alcohol is 
thought to protect against gall stones. 
According to a study discussed in the report, “If all current drinkers

320 
were to quite drinking, the USA would suffer from an additional 
80,000 cardiovascular deaths per years.” There is a considerable body 
of evidence which shows that the “benefits of alcohol” are really the 
benefits of the phytonutrients in the alcoholic drink rather than the 
alcohol itself. 
The USDA suggests that moderate alcohol consumption, one drink 
per day for women and up to two per day for men - even these 
suggested limits might be too high when one is planning on driving 
a car or operating machinery. Three drinks in an hour can be ex- 
tremely dangerous while three drinks per day may be alright. The 
amount of alcohol in one twelve oz beer equals the alcohol in four 
ounces of wine and in one ounce of alcohol in spirits. 
Extended or extensive drinking or binge drinking increases the 
risk of dementia and Alzheimer’s disease. Low levels of alcohol con- 
sumption can decrease the risk of senile or vascular dementia caused 
by blood clots and thrombosis type strokes. 
Approximately five percent of American drinkers become addicted 
to alcohol or abuse alcohol. Alcoholism affects 16 million Americans 
and only 1.5 million seek therapy or treatment. 
A single drink can impair judgment, sexual function and sleep 
patterns. 
Research suggests that increased levels of alcohol consumption 
increases the risk for mouth, pharynx, larynx and esophageal cancer. 
Some studies indicate that this risk of cancer goes up twenty six per- 
cent, while other studies indicate an increase of as much as eighty 
three percent. 
Alcohol is known to interact in a negative way with many phar- 
maceuticals. 
One large study indicates that the lifetime risk of breast cancer is 
8.8 percent in nondrinkers and 10.1 percent in those women who 
consume two drinks per day - research also shows that folic acid 
supplementation can reduce the risk of breast cancer for nondrinkers and drinkers alike. 
Alcohol drinking in women who are breast feeding can reduce 
milk production and impairs a baby’s motor development. Pregnant 
women should not drink at all to prevent the fetal alcohol syndrome,

HELLS KITCHEN 321 
where emotional, behavioral and intellectual development are at risk. 
Wine 
The Chinese were consuming fermented beverages, including 
wine, as far back as 7,000 B.C. according to an anthropological dis- 
covery reported in the December 2004 issue of Proceedings of the 
National Academy of Science. “Fermented beverages are central to a lot 
of our religions, social relations, medicine, in many cultures around 
the world,” said Patrick E. McGovern, of the University of Pennsyl- 
vania Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology. 
These alcoholic drinks “have played key roles in the develop- 
ment of human culture and technology, contributing to the advance 
and intensification of agriculture, horticulture and food-processing 
technologies,” he reported. 
McGovern’ team collected pieces of sixteen pottery vessels from 
Jiahu, a Stone Age village in Chinas Henan Province. It’s the same 
site where archaeologists have found the earliest evidence of musical 
instruments, including a flute. The ceramic vessels were dated back 
to 7,000 B.C., and the chemical residue found in the vessels were 
analyzed - the results of the analysis revealed that, “they matched 
residues from modern rice and rice wine, grape wine, grape tannins 
and ancient and modern herbs including hawthorn berries.” 
“The most straightforward interpretation of these data is that the 
Jiahu vessels contained a consistently processed beverage made from 
rice, honey and fruit,” the team concluded. 
The team also reported on an analysis of a 3,000 year old liquid 
found in sealed bronze vessels from the Chinese city of Anyang. These 
vessels contained rice and millet wines, flavored with herbs and flower 
essential oils. 
“It’s similar to the rice wine that’s produced in the area southwest 
of Shanghai” today, McGovern said. “I have never tasted the ancient 
samples, I’ve only smelled it, but it does remind you of these Shaoxing 
rice wines with the floral aromatic scents,” he said. 
Prior to these 2004 findings, the earliest known chemical evi- 
dence of wine, dating to about 3,500 B.C., came from a 1990 discov-

322 
ery in Godin Tepe in the Zagros Mountains of western Iran. That was 
followed two years later with the earliest chemically confirmed bar- 
ley beer, in another vessel from the same room at Godin. 
In 1994, chemical testing confirmed resinated wine inside two 
jars excavated by a University of Pennsylvania archaeological team at 
the Neolithic site of Hajji Firuz Tepe, Iran, dating to about 5,400 
DG! 
Prior to the discovery of wine in China dating back to 7,000 
B.C., evidence for the growth of viticulture or organized commercial 
wine making is connected to the appearance of European villages, 
towns and cities - particularly in the Mediterranean region. It is 
thought that nomadic tribes from Europe were fermenting wild grapes 
and berries into wine and wine-like beverages as far back as 4,000 - 
SAO OO Ma G: 
The establishment of vineyards from the 4th millennium B.C. in 
Egypt and Mesopotamia and in the Aegean in 2500 B.C. followed 
the appearance of crude vineyards in India as far back as the 6th 
millennium B.C. The oldest tools and jugs known to be used for 
wine making are dated to the 5th and 6th millennium B.C. in Geor- 
gia and Armenia and in the 4th millennium in Iran. 
The establishment of agriculture and the appearance of settle- 
ments were soon followed by the cultivation of grape vines, olives 
and figs. 
It is said that, “wine is made up of a thousand substances.” Many 
of these phytochemicals and phytonutrients in wine have not yet 
been analyzed. The greater number of these phytonutrients found in 
wine, including vitamins and minerals come from the grapes, the 
makings of the wine, however, the balance of the wine’s content such 
as ethanol and glycerin are byproducts of the wine making fermenta- 
tion. Some substances that begin in wine, such as sugar and vitamin 
C are either partially or completely removed by the fermentation. 
Water makes up seventy five to ninety percent of the wine vol- 
ume - the fifteen percent difference is made up of varying amounts of 
tannic acid, organic acids, mineral salts and pectins, which form the 
wines extract. 
The second largest constituent of wine is ethyl alcohol. Alcohol

HELLS KITCHEN 323 
levels will vary based on the type of wine and are typically listed on 
the label as a percentage of by volume (% volume). A wine with an 
alcohol level of 11% volume will be light and fun - wine with an 
alcohol content of 13% volume can produce rapid intoxication. The 
determining factor will be the structure of the wine and the ratios of 
the different constituents including plant acids, residual sugar, alco- 
hol, tannins and color compounds. 
The sugar levels of dry wine is typically less than 0.25 ounces per 
gallon (2 grams per liter), while in a botrytized sweet wine it can 
reach almost 67 ounces per gallon (500 grams per liter). 
Over time, wine became known as a medicinal drink and not 
just a luxury. In many countries wine is a basic drink that is included 
in all meals, usually mixed with water to satisfy thirst. Old publica- 
tions called wine the “most hygienic drink,” and it was often safer to 
drink wine than it was to drink the water. 
Serge Renaud, a French scientist observed that, “there was a 
‘French paradox’ - while the French ate as much or more fat than 
Americans, the French had a 2.5 times lower rate of deaths from 
cardiovascular disease than Americans.” The study demonstrated that 
the higher a countries wine consumption the lower was it’s mortality 
rate from cardiovascular disease. 
For those who would like to have the health benefits of wine 
without the alcohol intake, there are juice and juice blends that con- 
tain the same phenolics and antioxidants as wine: 
Phytonutrients found in Wine and Juice Blends (G/1) 
Phytonutrient Must Wine 
Polyphenols 
Flavonoids Trace 0.0 - 0.05 
Anthocyanins 0.004 - 0.90 0.0 - 0.50 
Xanthones 
Proanthocyanins 
Tannins 0.1 - 1.50 Q,1 - 5,0

324 
Mineral Content of Wine (G/1) 
Mineral Must Wine 
Potassium 10-7250 Osfe<rle90 
Calcium 0.04 - 0.25 0.01 - 0.20 
Magnesium 0.05 - 0.20 0.05 - 0.20 
Sodium 0.002 - 0.25 0.002 - 0.25 
Iron 0.002 - 0.005 0.002 - 0.02 
Phosphorus 0.08 - 0.50 0.03 - 0.90 
Manganese 0.0 - 0.05 0.0 - 0.05 
Vitamin Content of Wine (mg/l) 
Vitamin Must Wine 
Ascorbic Acid (vitamin C) 38.0 -95.0 0.0 
Thiamine (Vitamin B1) 0.10 - 0.50 0.04 - 0.05 
Riboflavin (Vitamin B2) 0.003 - 0.08 0.008 - 0.30 
Pantothenic Acid 
(Vitamin B5) Oa) 0.4 - 1.20 
Pyridoxine 
(Vitamin B6) 0:34,0:50 O22 0.50 
Beer 
Beer is often referred to as “liquid bread.” Beer contains many 
nutrients including significant levels of silica, a mineral required for 
the optimal health of bones, skin, hair and nails. 
“Anti-ageing Ale” 
A dark German beer, tasting like a malt beer contains 4.8 percent 
alcohol and is brewed with mineral spring water, algae, iron, vitamin 
A, vitamin D and flavonoids. Regular beer contains twice the antioxi-

HELLS KITCHEN 325 
dants found in white wine, and the anti-ageing beer has ten times the 
antioxidants as the regular beer. 
Low Carb Beer 
Brand Serving Calories Total Carbs Net Carbs Fat 
Michelob Ultra i Dmiays 95 | 3 0 
Miller Lite Dat ers 96 3 3 0 
Rolling Rock green Light 
L20z 84 2 ps 0 
Eat well, enjoy the shopping, acquisition, preparation, cooking, 
the social aspects of food and the actual eating of food, however, 
always remember that you can’t get everything your body needs from 
the food you consume. The only way you can guarantee that you 
have all 90 essential nutrients on a daily basis is to supplement with 
all 90 essential nutrients each day - yes, each and every day. 
It is hard work to remember to supplement with all 90 essential 
nutrients each day, however, people do remember to make their cof- 
fee or tea every morning - the rewards for remembering to take all 90 
essential nutrients each day and developing your supplement pro- 
gram as part of a “lifestyle” are worth more than 100 years of healthy 
living. Believe us - it’s worth it!

326

Chapter 19 
“There are more old drunkards than there are old doctors.” 
- Benjamin Franklin 
“Longevity is only desirable if it increases the duration of youth, and 
not that of old age. The lengthening of the senescent period would be a 
calamity.” 
- Alexis Carrel 
Man the Unknown (1935) 
“Every man desires to live long, but no man would be old.” 
- Jonathan Swift 
“It’s not the years in your life, it’s the life in your years.” 
- Abraham Lincoln 
Longevity 
The vast majority of humans that have ever been born died be- 
fore they were ten years of age, primarily from nutritional deficiency 
diseases, exposure and trauma. Over the millennia, we humans have 
increased our life spans to seventy five years of age, give or take a few 
years. This apparent increase in longevity did not happen because of 
medical miracles, but rather, the increase in longevity happened be- 
cause of public works, including sewers, clean water and depend-

328 
able sources of energy and food. Contrary to claims by the medical 
profession, medicine has not added anything to human maximum 
life spans - no, not even a millisecond! 
Experts, including geneticists and gerontologists, agree that all 
humans, regardless of race, religion, gender or creed, BusHans.do not 
have a maximum life span and all have the genetic capacity and the 
genetic potential to live well beyond 100 years of age. The reason 
that we all don’t live to be 100, is not because we can’t, but rather, we 
simply do too many of the bad things and not enough of the good 
things. 
Aubrey de Grey, a biogerontologist at the University of Cambridge 
in England, says, “that, under the right circumstances, humans born 
in the 22nd century could live up to 5,000 years.” De Grey, who 
proposes that we use all the technology available to us to develop a 
“true cure for aging,” is agreeably at the extreme optimistic end of the 
scientific age curve. 
“I think people will someday live substantially longer than to- 
day,” said Steven Austad, a biologist at the University of Texas Health 
Sciences Center in San Antonio. “Living into your 100s will be fairly 
routine, and up to 150 for the outlier (a longer lived person who is 
the exception to the rule). I think this (is possible) because we have 
been so successful at figuring out how to get animals to live longer.” 
People do not die from obesity as most “experts” would have 
you believe - people die from the things that cause obesity - mineral 
deficiencies. Specific mineral deficiencies are the cause of obesity, 
type II diabetes and the Metabolic Syndrome - these same mineral 
deficiencies either directly or indirectly are the cause of Alzheimer’s 
disease, macular degeneration, cataracts, cardiovascular disease, can- 
cer, osteoporosis, arthritis, lupus, fibromyalgia, etc. 
Dr. Dilip V. Jeste, director of the Stein Institute for Research on 
Aging at UCSD says, “The prevention of hypertension, diabetes and 
obesity may help increase life span significantly.” 
The Honolulu Heart Program began in the mid-1960s, for three 
decades it evaluated 6,505 men between the ages of 45 and 68 years 
who were in “good health” when the program began. Of the men 
who survived to the ages of 71 to 95, forty percent remained free

HELLS KITCHEN 329 
Maximum Life Spans (Years) 
Giant tortoise 177 
Human i22 
Macaw 64 
Horse 62 
Indian elephant at! 
Alligator 56 
Sturgeon 50 
Chimpanzee syi 
Pigeon 35 
Dog 34 
Buprestid beetle 30 
Medicinal leech 27, 
Salamander 25 
Cat 21 
Bird spider 15 
Earthworm 10 
Mouse 3 
from both physical and cognitive impairment. 
The most reliable predictors of successful aging were low blood 
pressure, low blood sugar, being tobacco free and not being obese. 
All of the “predictors” are maintained in the normal values by proper 
supplementation of all of the known essential nutrients with a spe- 
cial focus on the 60 essential minerals - remember since we gave up 
wood as a cooking and heating fuel, the ash byproduct that had sus- 
tained humans for thousands of years as a source of dietary minerals 
is gone - we must, without exception, supplement with a new source 
of plant minerals to make up the difference. 
The causes of obesity (deficiencies of essential minerals) are also 
the causes of a shortened life span - without a steady stream of di- 
etary plant minerals, humans become overweight, obese and suffer

330 
from numerous afflictions that make our lives shorter and more mis- 
erable: 
The Leading Causes of Adult Death in America 
Men Women 
1. Heart disease Heart disease 
2. ~ Cancer Cancer 
3. Accidents Stroke 
4. Stroke COPD (chronic obstructive 
Lung disease) 
5 COPD Diabetes 
6. Diabetes Alzheimer’s disease 
7. Pneumonia and influenza Accidents 
8) “Suicide Pneumonia and influenza 
9. Kidney disease Kidney disease 
10. Liver disease Septicemia (blood infections) 
In all cultures and races of humans, women live longer than men, 
however, biology alone can’t account for the longer lifespan of women. 
Females tend to eat better than males in terms of eating more veg- 
etables (antioxidants) than men, females tend to nibble all day as 
they prepare food and cook, while men tend to gorge on one, two or 
three meals per day, women tend to smoke fewer cigarettes, con- 
sume less alcohol and their place in a culture or society tends to be 
less dangerous (weaving, gathering, cooking, child rearing, office 
work, etc.) than the pursuits of men (hunting, warfare, farming, truck 
drivers, shepherds, miners, mechanics, lumber jacks, etc.). 
A 1997 survey by the USDA, reported that men consume an av- 
erage of 96 grams of fat each day, which makes up forty four percent 
of their daily calorie intake. Women, on the other hand get thirty two 
percent of their calories from fat. By the year 2000, American men 
had dropped their dietary fat intake to thirty three percent, however, 
their vegetable intake (dietary antioxidant source) was still low.

HELLS KITCHEN 331 
During the 1990s women lived 0.1 years longer than men in 
Bangladesh, 0.6 years longer in India, 6.7 years longer in the US, 5.3 
years longer in the U.K. and 7.8 years longer in France. 
In general, obese people do not live as long as people who more 
closely adhere to their ideal weight. People who are overweight can 
be “fit,” however, when it comes to longevity being overweight is still 
a big negative. 
With the “party line” professed, there is current information that 
recommends that seniors forget dieting unless they are morbidly 
obese: 
P. Don’t go on a weight loss diet unless you are morbidly obese. 
Mild exercise increases muscle mass and bone density well into 
old age. 
Rapid weight loss (five percent over ninety days) can signal the 
onset of dental problems, or serious illness (diabetes, cancer, etc.). 
High protein diets with a serious supplement program are 
essential for optimal health, prevention of sarcopenia (loss of 
muscle mass) and a long life. Seniors should beware of 
extreme heart healthy diets - do not eliminate fat or salt from 
your diet. 
Avoid fried foods, margarines, meat cooked well done, burnt 
animal fats, sugar and carbonated drinks to eliminate direct and 
indirect sources of free radicals. 
With diabetes, eat six to eight small meals per day with animal 
protein, green leafy vegetables, and complex whole grain 
carbohydrates - “the whiter the bread, the sooner you're dead.” 
Provide more finger foods for seniors, roasted chicken wings and 
drumsticks, sandwiches, wraps, etc. 
Serve more of the nutrient dense foods to seniors such as milk, 
cheese, nuts, ground meat, squash, baked potatoes with butter, 
no sugar added ice cream several times each day to avoid 
sarcopenia (loss of muscle mass). 
The Human Scorecard for Longevity 
The September 2000 issue of Scientific American was almost en-

332 
tirely devoted to human longevity and people who lived beyond 100 
years of age. The various articles were written by a wide variety of 
physicians, gerontologists, geneticists, dieticians and nutritionists. A 
summary of the information reported in the September SA pointed 
out that the individuals who followed their doctors advice to the 
letter, didn’t make it to 100 years of age, while people who ate salt, 
eggs, red meat, butter and chicken skin did. 
The special September 2000 human longevity issue of Scientific 
American had a summary, that was, in effect an editorial head scratch- 
ing. The “experts” couldn't figure out why the people who were classed 
as “rebellious” patients lived to be 100 more frequently than ones 
who followed their doctor's advice perfectly. 
Obviously, their doctor’s advice wasn’t very good. To give specific 
numbers to the lack of success by the American doctors when it 
comes to longevity we don’t have to look very hard. In an April 1990 
study, conducted by the World health Organization and the Center 
for Disease Control, of Atlanta, Georgia a comparison was made be- 
tween the top thirty two industrialized nations for industrial produc- 
tion, energy consumption, education, per capita income, birth rate, 
death rate and longevity. 
When the study was presented to the world, everyone was 
shocked to find that the United States ranked 17th in the world for 
longevity with an average life span of 75 years - there were sixteen 
other countries whose peoples lived longer than we did. 
Even though we spent more money for health care than all the 
other countries in the world put together we still only ranked 17th - 
we certainly weren't getting the “bang for our buck” when it came to 
health care. 
In 1990, the Japanese ranked number one in longevity with an 
average life span of 79.1 years, even though western doctors claimed 
the Japanese did everything wrong: 
1. The Japanese were heavy smokers - sixty three percent smoked 
three to five packs of cigarettes per day, yet they had eighty five per- 
cent less cardiovascular disease and eighty five percent less cancer 
than we did.

HELVS KITCHEN 333 
2. The Japanese consumed an enormous amount of salt each day 
compared to Americans. The Americans were admonished by their 
doctors to eat less then one gram of salt per day. The Japanese by 
contrast consumed fifteen grams of salt per day, yet they had eighty 
five percent less cardiovascular disease and hypertension than did 
the Americans. 
3. We dropped two atomic bombs on the Japanese to end World War 
Il in the Pacific - they had more radiation per person than any other 
country in the world, yet they have eighty five percent less cancer 
than did the Americans. 
The Study was rerun ten years later and the results released in 
June 2000. The Japanese remained number one in world ranking for 
longevity, although they dropped in average life span from 79.1 in 
1990 to 74.5 in 2000. 
In the 2000 study, the Americans dropped to an average lifespan 
of 70 and slipped in the world rankings for longevity down to 24th. 
In 2000, the entire world spent $2.7 trillion for health care, out 
of that princely sum, the USA alone spent $1.6 trillion, more than 
half of the world’s total expenditure, yet we only rank 24th in the 
world when it comes to health and longevity. 
It is quite obvious that a lack of money, technology, drugs, doc- 
tors, nurses and hospitals is not the problem. Every country in the 
world sends their brightest young doctors to America to study our 
health and treatment methods. We are the health Mecca to the rest of 
the world. World leaders come to the USA for state of the art treat- 
ments. 
A special 2004 longevity issue of Scientific American pointed out 
that the “oldest old” over ninety five years of age were usually healthier 
than individuals twenty years younger. Fifty percent of ninety year 
olds have Alzheimer’s disease while only thirty three percent of 100 
year olds have the disease. 
Time magazine, August 2004, featured a special cover article, “How 
to Live to be 100 (and not regret it). The authors pointed out that by 
avoiding alcohol, tobacco and caffeine, the clean living (Mormon)

334 
people of Utah live an average of eight years longer than the average 
American - in 2005 we dropped to 26th in the world for longevity! 
The “Eat Less” Myth 
The concept of “under nutrition without malnutrition” goes back 
to the work of Clive M. McKay in the 1920s. McKay, a Cornell Uni- 
versity nutritionist, wrote his landmark papers in 1935 - he reported 
that by restricting carbohydrate calories by thirty percent (while keep- 
ing the fat, protein, vitamins and minerals the same) he could in- 
crease the life span of his test rats by 30 percent; when he cut the 
carbohydrate calories by sixty percent (while keeping the fat, pro- 
tein, vitamins and minerals the same) he could increase life spans by 
sixty to 100 percent. 
Effects of Calorie Restricted Diets 
Fed to Weanling Rodents and Monkeys 
Effects Related to Altered Growth, Development and Metabo- 
lism 
A. Lower body temperature 
B. Delayed sexual maturity 
C. Delayed skeletal maturity 
Effects Pointing to Improved Health 
A. Lower body weight 
B. Reduced abdominal fat loads 
Reduced Risk for Chronic Age-Related Diseases 
Greater sensitivity to insulin 
Lower levels of fasting insulin 
Lower fasting glucose levels 
Lower total cholesterol and triglyceride levels 
Increased levels of HDL (“good cholesterol”) 
Reduced rate of decline for the hormone DHEA mm OO wD

HELLS KITCHEN 335 
Effects Found in Rodents and Still Being Investigated in 
Monkeys 
A. Delayed onset of cancer 
B. Increased rate of cellular suicide 
C. Longer average life span 
D. Increased maximum life span 
Another way of looking at CR diets is: 
CR slows the rate of cell division. CR is thought to slow the rate of 
cellular metabolism enough so that division occurs less often, effec- 
tively slowing the aging process - this may help explain why labora- 
tory animals on CR diets have a lower rate of late-life cancer. 
CR boosts immunological response and increases levels of protective 
hormones. 
CR reduces mitochondrial damage from free radicals produced by 
metabolizing energy fuel. 
A human study by John O. Holloszy, a professor of medicine at 
Washington University in St. Louis, published in early 2004, noted 
that 18 people who had used a CR diet for three to fifteen years 
showed “dramatically reduced risks of developing diabetes or clogged 
arteries.” 
“It’s very clear that calorie restriction has a powerful protective 
effect against diseases associated with aging,” Holloszy said. “We don’t 
know how long each individual actually will end up living, but they 
certainly have a much longer life expectancy than average because 
they're most likely not going to die from a heart attack, stroke or 
diabetes.” 
This concept of “under nutrition without malnutrition” has been 
touted as a calorie restricted diet (CR), with the emphasis on re- 
stricted calories, by many modern gerontologists; however, they fail 
to give equal weight to an essential part of the program - the “with-

336 
out malnutrition” part. 
A CR diet without a serious mineral intake will feel like a starva- 
tion diet because of the pica or munchies factor and therefore almost 
impossible to stick with. 
Using Clive McKay’s original theory, modern scientists have re- 
peated his work in fruit flies, worms, monkeys and many other labo- 
ratory animals with the same success. Dr. David Sinclair, of Harvard, 
put himself on the same 1,600 calorie diet eaten by members of the 
Calorie Restriction Society - Sinclair was able to maintain the CR diet 
for only a week. “It was too tough,” he said, “My hats off to the calo- 
rie restrictors. Now I’m hoping to find drugs that can give people the 
benefits of a CR (diet) without the (actual) diet.” 
Dr. Roy L. Walford (1924 - 2004), a gerontologist at the Univer- 
sity of California, Los Angeles, kept himself on a 1,600 calorie diet 
for three decades - in April 27, 2004, Walford died of amyotrophic 
lateral sclerosis (Lou Gehrig's disease) at the age of seventy nine years. 
Walford continually preached the gospel of CR diets, however, he 
paid little attention to the “without malnutrition part” and as a result 
he died an unnecessarily early death. 
CR Diet Benefits for Laboratory Animals 
Protozoan (+85.7%) 
Normal diet 
Average: 7 days; maximum 14 days 
Caloric restriction 
Average: 13 days; maximum: 25 
Bowl and Doily Spider (+80%) 
Normal diet 
Average: 50 days; maximum 100 days 
Caloric restriction 
Average: 90 days; maximum: 139 days 
Guppy (+ 39.4%) 
Normal diet 
Average: 33 months: maximum: 54 months 
Caloric restriction

HELLS KITCHEN 337 
Average: 46 months; maximum: 59 months 
White Rat (+43.5%) 
Normal diet 
Average: 23 months; maximum: 33 months 
Caloric restriction 
Average: 33 months; maximum 47 months 
Essential Nutrients and Antioxidants 
Our dietary requirements for essential nutrients, goes up as we 
get older because our ability to assimilate them decreases with age. 
We like to error on the side of excess when it comes to daily intakes 
of our essential nutrients, especially when it comes to the needs of 
seniors - vitamins, amino acids, essential fatty acids and minerals - 
and don’t wait until you're obese or old to take antioxidants, you 
should start before conception, during pregnancy and from the mo- 
ment of birth. 
While it is easy to produce deficiencies of essential nutrients and 
wind up with debilitating and life threatening diseases simply by not 
supplementing, conversely, it is difficult to overdose and damage 
yourself. 
Supplement properly with plant minerals and you can avoid obe- 
sity, type II diabetes and the Metabolic Syndrome - if you have these 
chronic longevity stealing diseases, supplement properly and you 
can reverse these post September 4, 1882 diseases. 
It is easy to forget that we humans supplemented with minerals 
for tens of thousands of years with the simple household byproduct 
of wood ashes (the minerals that are left when you burn the carbon 
in wood) from our heating and cooking fires - we put them in our 
gardens, we used them as “culinary” ashes and we used them as “salt” 
or we cut the more valuable table salt with them. 
Most experts agree that Albert Einstein was one of the more in- 
telligent human beings that have ever lived. He won the Nobel Prize 
in physics in 1921 “for his services to theoretical physics and espe- 
‘ Cially for his discovery of the law of the photoelectric effect.” Yet he 
‘ died in 1955 at the age of 76 years of age of a ruptured aortic aneu-

338 
rysm, something that even a turkey wouldn't die from (remember, 
we put everything that turkey’ need nutritionally into their little al- 
falfa pellet) - ten years earlier we had eliminated ruptured aneurysms 
in turkey’s (a cause of devastating losses) by simply increasing the 
copper levels in their food pellets. 
We are sure that Einstein had the very best doctors that money 
could buy and that medical science could provide - yet Einstein died 
of a simple copper deficiency - a deficiency that he had warnings of 
(grey hair and deep skin wrinkles) for decades before he died. 
Next time someone says, “Why should I supplement, they didn’t 
supplement hundreds of years ago!” you now have the proper an- 
swer - yes they did, and here’s how they did it - it was the wood 
ashes. 
We believe that antioxidants will be added to the list of essential 
nutrients - without them we cannot protect ourselves from dietary 
and environmental free radicals and attain maximum life spans. Antioxidants are found in substantial quantities in: 
Fruit - blueberries, cherries, kiwis, pink grapefruit, oranges, plums, 
prunes, raisins, raspberries, red grapes, strawberries, boysenberries, 
pomegranate, noni and mangostein. 
Vegetables - alfalfa, beets, broccoli, Brussels sprouts, eggplant, kale, 
tomatoes, red bell peppers, spinach, tomatoes. 
Green tea - EGCG 
Antioxidants are essential to a long and healthy life and they 
are especially important to the obese human and the obese per- 
son who wants to loose weight. When body fat is burned, waste 
products (trans fats, oxidized fats and ceroid lipofucsin) are pro- 
duced. These fat metabolism waste products are free radicals 
and they significantly increase the risk of cancer, heart disease, 
vascular disease (arteriosclerosis, atherosclerosis), thrombotic 
disease (stroke, deep vein thrombosis, pulmonary embolism, and 
coronary thrombosis), macular degeneration, cataracts and 
Alzheimer’s disease.

HELLS KITCHEN 339 
Unfortunately, we have seen numerous people who were very 
good at losing weight, but they refused to take adequate levels of 
antioxidants and six months to a year later wound up with some 
terrible disabling or fatal disease that could have been prevented with 
a serious antioxidant program. 
It is predicted that by 2025, 14 million Americans will die of 
Alzheimer’s disease, a disease that is caused by oxidative damage to 
the myelin of the brain. Myelin makes up about seventy five percent 
of the human brain weight and myelin is almost 100 percent choles- 
terol. 
The byproducts of oxidized cholesterol and fat includes, trans 
fatty acids and ceroid lipofucsin, which builds up and occupies space 
in all cells. Typically, thirty five year olds have as much as fifty per- 
cent of their neuron volume filled with ceroid, fifty year olds have 
sixty percent of their neuron volume filled with ceroid and 100 year 
olds have as much as eighty five percent of their neuron volume 
filled with ceroid. 
Externally ceroid shows up as liver spots and age spots - if you 
have a dozen obvious deposits on the outside, you have millions of 
them on the inside. Fortunately, by eliminating the multiple sources 
of free radicals and significantly ramping up on your intake of anti- 
oxidants you can remove the ceroid from your body and slow the 
aging process. 
In 1992, the University of California, San Diego and the Salk 
Institute jointly released a study that was published in Biochemical/ 
Biophysical Research Communications, the study showed that the simple 
antioxidant vitamin E can ease memory loss in Alzheimer’ patients. 
In March of 1996, Johns Hopkins University released a 14-year 
study of 2,065 elderly people who were tracked to determine long 
term effects of Ibuprofen use for arthritis pain - they were surprised 
to learn that those individuals taking Ibuprofen had a 60 percent 
reduction in the risk of Alzheimer’s disease (the effect was attributed 
to a unique antioxidant property of Ibuprofen). 
On April 24, 1997, the University of California, San Diego re- 
leased a study showing that vitamin E could “slow the devastating 
decline for some Alzheimer’ patients, significantly delaying the need

340 
for nursing home care.” “This is the first study showing there are 
(antioxidants) that can delay important milestones of deterioration 
in the life of a patient with Alzheimers,” said Dr. Leon Thal, chair- 
man of the department of neurosciences at the UCSD School of Medi- 
cine. 
On November 22, 2001, Dutch researchers at the University of 
the Netherlands released the two year study of 6,989 patients who 
took Ibuprofen for pain. The study showed that those taking Ibuprofen 
had a reduced Alzheimer’s risk of 80 percent. 
On November 18, 2003, researchers at Tufts University reviewed 
the fatty acid levels of blood collected from 1,137 patients on the 
Framingham Heart Study, their diets were assessed and those free of 
dementia were followed for a mean of ten years. During the study 
they were assessed for the onset of new dementia including Alzheimers 
disease. Those with, “diets rich in Omega-3 fatty acids had a significant 48 percent reduction in the risk for the onset of dementia.” 
On January 20, 2004, researchers from the Johns Hopkins University School of Public Health, released the results of a study on 
4,740 men and women over the age of sixty five that showed, those 
taking vitamin C and vitamin E had a reduced risk of Alzheimer’s 
disease by 78 percent. 
In summing it all up, we can confidently say that the simple in- 
take of antioxidants and Omega-3 essential fatty acids can reduce the 
onset of Alzheimer’s disease by as much as forty eight to eighty per- 
cent. 
Life Spans of the Rich and Famous 
To our knowledge, with the exception of one professional bowler, 
there has never been a professional athlete live to be 100; to our 
knowledge there has never been a billionaire ever live to be 100; 
with the exception of Katherine Hepburn, Bob Hope and George 
Burns, there has never been a movie star ever live to be 100; with the 
exception of the Queen Mother of England who died at 101 and 
Madam Jiang Jie Shi of Taiwan who died at 104, there has never been 
any political figures live to be 100; and there never has been a Nobel

HELLS KITCHEN 341 
Prize winner live to be 100. 
One would think, that if money, political power, connections, 
physical fitness, or intelligence had anything to do with healthful 
longevity that the notables in each category would have the longev- 
ity advantage - however, statistics point out that there are more 100 
year olds and that there are more people over the age of 105, 110 
and 114 from simple families and third world countries than from 
the industrialized nations. 
The year 2004 was a typical year: 
January: 
Brian Gibson, 59. Director of acclaimed films, including “What's 
Love Got to Do With It?” Cancer. 
James E. “Doc” Counsilman, 83. Innovative swimming coach ; led 
Indiana University to six NCAA championships and coached 48 
Olympians, including Mark Spitz. 
Michael Straight, 87. Former New Republic, publisher; one time spy 
recruit who helped unmask Anthony Blunt, a Soviet agent. 
John Toland, 91. Won 1971 Pulitzer Prize for nonfiction for “The 
Rising Sun,” on the Japanese empire during World War II. 
Tug McGraw, 59. Relief pitcher with New York Mets and Philadel- 
phia Phillies; known for the slogan “You Gotta Believe.” Father of 
' country music star Tim McGraw. Brain cancer. 
_ Norman Heatley, 92. British scientist who worked on penicillin pro- 
| duction. 
| Francesco Scavullo, 82. Fashion photographer who made beautiful 
| women even more so; produced Cosmopolitan covers for decades. 
! Heart failure. 
| Ingmar Thulin, 77. Swedish actress acclaimed for work with Ingrid 
| Bergman (“Wild Strawberries,” “Brink of Life.”). 
‘Alfred Pugh, 108. Last known combat-wounded U.S. veteran of 
: World War I.

S42 
Thomas Kindness, 74. Six-term Ohio congressman. 
Philip Geyelin, 80. Pulitzer Prize winning journalist, credited with 
turning The Washington Post editorial page against the Vietnam War. 
Spalding Gray, 62. Actor-writer who exposed his personal life in 
acclaimed monologues such as “Swimming to Cambodia.” Suicide. 
Harold Shipman, 57. British medical doctor found guilty of killing 
at least 215 elderly patients. Hanged himself in prison. 
David N. Henderson, 82. Eight-term North Carolina congressman; 
helped create Cape Lookout National Seashore. 
Uta Hagen, 84. Actress who enchanted Broadway audiences for more 
than 50 years, notably as the brutal Martha in Edward Albee’s “Who's 
Afraid of Virginia Wolf?” 
Ray Stark, 88. Hollywood power broker; produced “Funny Girl,” 
“The Goodbye Girl” and “The Way We Were.” Died after a “long 
illness.” 
Harry “The Cat” Brecheen, 89. St. Louis Cardinals pitcher; won 
three games in the 1946 World Series. 
Harry Claiborne, 86. Federal judge; was impeached and removed 
after conviction for filing false tax returns. 
Jerry Nachman, 57. Colorful and award winning journalist; editor 
of the New York Post; later vice president and host on MSNBC. Gall- 
bladder cancer. 
Bernard Punsly, 80. The last surviving member of the movies’ “Dead 
End Kids.” 
Ann Miller, 81. Long-legged tap dancer famous for movie stardom 
in musicals, including “On the Town,” “Easter Parade” and “Kiss Me 
Kate”; she entertained Broadway in “Sugar Babies.” Died of lung can- 
cer. 
Bob Keeshan, 76. Gently entertained generations of children as TVs

HELLS KITCHEN 343 
Captain Kangaroo; he became an outspoken opponent of violence in 
children’s television. 
Helmut Newton, 83. Acclaimed fashion photographer who was a 
“trailblazer” in exploring power, gender roles and an icy erotic, sexu- 
ality in his pictures. Died in a car accident. 
Adella Wotherspoon, 100. Believed to be the last survivor of the 
1904 sinking of the excursion ferry, General Slocum, that killed more 
than 1,000 passengers in New York. 
Jack Paar, 85. Made the “The Tonight Show” the talk show every- 
body talked about, breaking the trail for Johnny Carson and others 
that followed. Died of a stroke. 
Elroy “Crazy Legs” Hirsch, 80. NFL running back for the Los An- 
geles Rams and Hall of Famer; earned his nickname for an erratic 
running style. 
Former Navy Cmdr. Lloyd “Pete” Bucher, 76. Helped his USS 
Pueblo crew survive 11 months of brutal captivity in North Korea; 
then returned home to face criticism for surrendering his ship with- 
out a fight. 
Louie B. Nunn, 79. As Kentucky governor, he supervised the mod- 
- ernizing of the state’s mental health system. 
| Mary-Ellis Bunim, 57. Co-creator of MTV's Real World and other 
| reality TV shows. Breast cancer. 
| Julius Dixon, 90. Rock ‘n’ Roll songwriter who wrote the 50s hit 
“Lollipop.” 
‘ Olivia Goldsmith, 54. Former management consultant who wrote 
“The First Wives Club.” Heart attack during surgery. 
Jake Hess, 76. Southern gospel pioneer and onetime member of the 
» Statesmen Quartet. Died of pneumonia following a heart attack. 
‘Billy May, 87. Trumpeter and bandleader who played with Glenn 
Miller, Frank Sinatra and others. Heart attack.

344 
Ron O'Neal, 66. Star of the 1972 “blaxploitation” movie, “Superfly.” 
Died of pancreatic cancer. 
George Woodbridge, 73. Mad magazine caricature artist and illus- 
trator. Emphysema. 
Janet Frame, 79. Reclusive author of the book “An Angel at My Table.” 
Leukemia. 
Fanny Blankers-Koen, 85. Dutch athlete who in 1948 became the 
first women to win four Olympic gold medals in track and field and 
was named the top female athlete of the 20th century by the Interna- 
tional Association of Athletics Federations. Complications of 
Alzheimer’s disease. 
Eleanor Holm Whalen, 91. Swimming gold medalist, kicked off of 
the U.S. Olympic team after she was caught drinking and throwing 
dice. Kidney failure. 
February: 
Warren Zimmerman, 69. Last U.S. ambassador to Yugoslavia before 
its breakup. 
Francis Partridge, 103. British diarist; a member of the literary 
Bloomsbury Group. 
Retired Adm. Thomas Moorer, 91. Former chairman of the Joint 
Chiefs of Staff; headed Navy during the Vietnam War. 
Jose Lopez Portillo, 83. President of Mexico from 1976 to 1982 
through oil-driven boom to debt-induced bust. Complications of 
pneumonia. 
Daniel J. Boorstin, 89. Former Librarian of Congress; social critic, 
Pulitzer Prize winning author and best-selling historian; he wrote 
“The Americans: The Democratic experience.” Pneumonia. 
Jozef Lenart, 80. Former Czechoslovakian prime minister; cleared 
of treason over role in 1968 Soviet-led invasion.

HELLS KITCHEN 345 
Frank del Olmo, 55. Pulitzer Prize-winning Los Angeles Times jour- 
nalist and a voice for Hispanics. Heart attack. 
Jerome F. Lederer, 101. Aviation safety expert; aided Charles 
Lindbergh’s 1927 solo trans-Atlantic flight and for NASA missions. 
Fred Benninger, 86. Gambling executive; helped build some of Las 
Vegas’ best-known properties. 
Jan Miner, 86. Actress known for her character Madge in Palmolive 
commercials. 
Marco Pantani, 34. Italian cycling champion. Drug overdose. 
March: 
Marge Schott, 75. Rough talking past owner of the Cincinnati Reds; 
repeatedly suspended for offensive remarks. 
Paul Winfield, 62. Oscar-nominated actor (“Sounder”) known for 
versatility on stage and screen. Heart attack. 
Mike O’Callaghan, 74. Nevada governer in the 1970s. 
Mercedes McCambridge, 87. Oscar-winning actress; provided de- 
mon-possessed girl's voice in “The Exorcist.” 
Abul Abbas, 56. Palestinian who planned the 1985 hijacking of the 
cruise ship Achille Lauro. He was captured by U.S. commandos died 
of a heart attack while in U.S. custody. 
Robert D. Orr, 86. Championed educational reform as Indiana’ gov- 
ernor in the 1980s. 
Sidney L. James, 97. Founding editor and first managing editor of 
Sports Illustrated. Prostate cancer. 
William H. Pickering, 93. Former director of the Jet Propulsion 
Laboratory; oversaw launch of the first U.S. satellite in 1958. Pneu- 
monia. 
John “J.J.” Jackson, 62. Disc jockey who helped start the music

346 
video era as one of the original video jockyes on MTV. Heart attack. 
Former Queen Juliana, 94. Reigned 32 years in the Netherlands 
between 1948 and 1980. Pneumonia. 
John C. West, 81. Former South Carolina governor; helped smooth 
racial tensions after patrolmen in 1968 killed three black protesters. 
Sheik Ahmed Yassin, 70. Founder of Hamas, an Islamic militant 
group. Killed by Israeli Security Forces. 
Joshua Eilberg, 83. Six-term Pennsylvania congressman who was 
on the House Judiciary Committee during the Nixon impeachment 
hearings in 1974. 
J. Edward Roush, 83. Indiana congressman for 16 years who was 
ousted by Dan Quayle in 1976. 
Sir Peter Ustinov, 82. Won 2 Oscars in an acting career that ranged 
from the evil emperor Nero in “Quo Vadis” to Agatha Christie detec- 
tive Hercule poirot. 
Jan Berry, 62. Half of surf music duo Jan & Dean (“Dead Man's 
Curve”). 
Alistair Cooke, 95. Urbane host of television’s “Masterpiece The- 
atre” for 22 years; interpreter of U.S. culture for decades on the BBC’ 
“Letter from America” for 58 years. 
Frances Dee, 94. Actress who starred in the movie “An American 
Tragedy.” Stroke. 
Spalding Gray, 62. Actor and writer for the New York stage; famous 
for monologues that were converted to movies, including 1984's 
Swimming to Cambodia, 1996's Gray’s Anatomy. Body found in New 
York's East River. 
Genevieve, 83. Parisian singer and comedian known for speaking in 
her broken English to Jack Paar on “The Tonight Show” in the late 
1950s and early 1960s. Died following a stroke. 
Claus Josef Riedel, 79. Former president of his family’s Austrian _

HELLS KITCHEN 347 
glassware company, Riedel Crystal - he revolutionized wine drinking 
by realizing that the size and shape of the wine glass affects the wine’s 
taste. Heart attack. 
Edward Zubler, 79. Inventor; discovered the halogen lamp. Heart 
failure. 
Brian Maxwell, 51. PowerBar inventor and a world-ranked mara- 
thon runner. Heart attack. 
April: 
Carrie Snodgrass, 57. Oscar-nominated actress who played a frus- 
trated housewife (“Diary of a Mad Housewife”). Heart failure. 
Fred Olivi, 82. Co-pilot of the plane that dropped the atomic bomb 
on Nagasaki. 
Phil Sokolof, 82. Nebraska multimillionaire who used his wealth to 
promote better nutrition. 
Jim Cantalupo, 60. McDonald’s CEO who helped engineer the 
company’s turnaround by focusing on service and healthier food. 
Heart attack. 
Frank Morrison, 98. Governor of Nebraska during the turmoil of 
the 1960s. 
John Maynard Smith, 84. Leading British evolutionary biologist. 
Norris McWhirter, 78. Co-founder of Guinness Book of Records in 
1954; the book was created to settle trivia disputes in pubs. Heart 
attack. 
Mary McGrory, 85. Columnist for The Washington Post, who won a 
Pulitzer Prize for her Watergate writings. 
Pat Tillman, 27. Safety for the NFIUs Arizona Cardinals who traded a 
multimillion-dollar contract to serve as an Army Ranger in Afghani- 
stan. Killed in action. 
Estee Lauder, 97. Built multimillion dollar cosmetics empire.

348 
Hubert Selby Jr., 75. Wrote acclaimed 1964 novel “Last Exit to Brook- 
lyn.” Lung disease. 
Gaetano Badalamenti, 80. Once described as “boss of all bosses” of 
the Sicilian Mafia. 
Pierre Koenig, 78. California architect whose glass and steel frame 
houses brought modern architecture to the suburbs following World 
War II. Leukemia. 
Soundarya, 32. Indian film star who tried to get parts beyond the 
roles of “Bollywood” actresses. Plane crash. 
Claude “Fiddler” Williams, 96. Jazz violinist who was part of the 
Kansas City jazz community in the 1930s and a guitarist in the Count 
Basie Orchestra. Pneumonia. 
Henry Viscardi, 91. Champion for jobs for the disabled; he was 
born with malformed legs, he founded groups that created the Na- 
tional Center for Disability Services. 
Roy Walford, 79. Gerontologist who believed in CR diets; he lived 
for 30 years on a 1,600 calorie diet. He died of Lou Gehrig’s disease. 
May: 
Marvin Runyon, 79. Postmaster general in the 1990s who stressed 
customer service and tight budgeting. 
Darrell Johnson, 75. Managed Boston Red Sox to the 1975 World 
Sénes: 
Retired Army Gen. Robert F Seedlock, 91. Led his troops in the 
construction of the Burma Road during World War II. 
Elizabeth Ann Swift Cronin, 63. One of those held hostage in the 
U.S. Embassy in Iran. 
Akhmad Kadyrov, 52. Kremlin-backed leader of Russia’s troubled 
Chechnya province. Assassinated in a World War II Victory Day cel- 
ebration bombing.

HELLS KITCHEN 349 
Paul F. Wehrie, 82. Infectious disease expert; helped battle smallpox 
and polio. 
Arnold Beckman, 104. Prolific inventor of scientific instruments (in- 
cluding the pH meter) and a philanthropist. 
Col. Robert Morgan, 85. Commander of famed Memphis Belle- B- 
17 bomber during World War II. 
Alan King, 76. Witty comedian who went from standup in the 
Catskills to Broadway; known for “tirades against everyday subur- 
ban life.” Lung cancer. 
Tony Randall, 84. Comic actor; the fastidious Felix Unger in “The 
Odd Couple” and pal in a series of Rock Hudson-Doris Day movies. 
Marjorie Courtenay-Latimer, 97. In 1938, she discovered a live 
coelacanth, a prehistoric fish long thought to be extinct. 
Elvin Ray Jones, 76. Renowned jazz drummer in John Coltrane’s 
quartet. Heart failure. 
Jack Eckerd, 91. Turned three failing drugstores in Tampa Bay into a 
pharmacy franchise empire that bears his name; philanthropist. Pneu- 
monia. 
Samuel Johnson, 76. Built familys South Carolina Johnson Wax Com- 
pany into a consumer products giant. 
David Dellinger, 88. Peace activist; one of Chicago Seven tried for 
protests during 1968 Democratic National Convention. 
Roger W. Straus Jr., 87. Co-founder of publishing house Farrar, 
Straus & Giroux. 
Sam Dash, 79. Attorney whose questions during Senate Watergate 
hearings made him a household name. 
Archibald Cox, 92. The special prosecutor fired in 1973 in the “Sat- 
urday Night Massacre” by President Nixon for refusing to curtail his 
Watergate investigations.

350 
Ramona Trinidad Iglesias Jordan, 114. Puert Rican woman recog- 
nized as worlds oldest living person. 
Alberta Martin, 97. One of the last widows of a Civil War veteran’ 
- “belle” of Confederate history experts. Heart attack. 
Clement Dodd, 72. Reggae producer who signed Bob Marley and 
the Wailers; he popularized Jamaican music world wide. Heart at- 
tack. 
Brenda Fassie, 39. First black South African pop star to gain inter- 
national fame. Complications of an asthma attack. 
Joergen Nash, 84. Danish artist who claimed he cut the head off of 
Copenhagen’s famed Little Mermaid statue in 1963. 
June Taylor, 86. Emmy-winning choreographer who founded the 
June Taylor Dancers. Natural causes. 
Syd Hoff, 91. New Yorker cartoonist and author of the children’s book 
“Danny and the Dinosaur.” Pneumonia. 
June: 
William Manchester, 82. Historian who brought a novelist’s flair to 
biographies of such political notables as Sir Winston Churchill and 
John F Kennedy; author of “The Death of a President.” Two strokes. 
Dr. Charles Kelman, 74. Developed outpatient cataract operation. 
Frances Shand Kydd, 67. Princess Diana’s mother. 
Former President Ronald Reagan, 93. The “cheerful crusader” who 
devoted his presidency to winning the Cold War; scaling back gov- 
ernment and making people believe it was “morning again in 
America.” 
James M. Roche, 97. As chief executive of General Motors, he helped 
promote equal opportunity. 
Ray Charles, 73. Music giant that sang all forms of music; hits in- 
cluded “What'd I Say,” “Georgia on my Mind” and “I Can’t Stop Lov-

HELLS KITCHEN 351 
ing You.” Side effects of cholesterol lowering pharmaceuticals. 
Robert Teeter, 65. Influential Republican pollster who worked in 
several presidential races. Cancer. 
Al Lapin Jr., 76. Co-founded International House of Pancakes Chain 
with his brother in 1958. 
Clayton Kirkpatrick, 89. Managed numerous changes as editor of 
the Chicago Times. 
Mattie Stepanek, 13. Child poet; inspirational verses made him a 
best-selling writer “Heartsongs”) and an activist for those diagnosed 
with muscular dystrophy. 
Bob Bemer, 84. Computer pioneer who published early warnings of 
the Y2K risks. 
Agnes “Sis” Cunningham, 95. Co-founder of the folk journal Broad- 
side. 
Bernard Grant, 83. Soap opera star on “Guiding Light” and “One 
Life to Live”; voiced English dubs for foreign films. Lymphoma and 
pneumonia. 
Whitman Knapp, 95. Federal judge who led the Knapp Commis- 
sion which exposed police corruption in New York City in the early 
1970s. Pneumonia. 
Jacek Kuron, 70. Polish academic widely viewed as the intellectual 
force behind Lech Walesa’s Solidarity Movement; he later became a 
labor minister. 
Ralph Wiley, 52. Sports Illustrated writer and essayist on race in 
America. Heart failure. 
Dorothy Brown, 90. Tennessee legislator and the first black female 
surgeon in the South, according to the National Library of Medicine. 
Heart Failure. 
Dick Durrance, 89. Winner of 17 national ski championships who 
helped turn Aspen, Colorado into a top ski resort.

bays 
Karol Kennedy Kucher, 72. With her brother Peter, they became 
the first American ice skating pair to win a world championship in 
1950. Pneumonia. 
July: 
Marlon Brando, 80. Revolutionized American stage and screen act- 
ing as Stanley Kowalski in “A Streetcar Named Desire”; created the 
character of Vito Corleone in “The Godfather.” 
Isabel Sanford, 86. Starred as Weezie on “The Jeffersons.” 
Laurance Rockefeller, 94. Conservationist, philanthropist; one of 
the six children of John D. Rockefeller Jr. Pulmonary fibrosis. 
Carlos Kleiber, 74. Celebrated German-born conductor. 
Charles W. Sweeney, 84. Piloted the plane that dropped an atomic 
bomb on Nagasaki. 
George Busbee, 76. Georgia governor from 1975 to 1983; cam- 
paigned as “a workhorse, not a showhorse.” 
Robert Smylie, 89. Three-term Idaho governor; got sales tax passed. 
David A. Wallace , 87. Urban planner who revived Baltimore's Inner 
Harbor. 
Ann McGill Gorsuch Burford, 62. Reagan’s Environmental Protec- 
tion Agency Chief; quit under fire from environmentalists. 
Richard Bloch, 78. Co-founder of H&R Block, world’s largest tax 
preparer. 
Ed Lewis, 86. Won the Nobel Prize in physiology /medicine in 1995 
for research into how genes regulate body development. 
Illinois Jacquet, 81. Saxophonist who played with almost every jazz 
icon of his time; best known for his solo in Lionel Hampton’s 1942 
song Flying Home. 
Wilton Mkwayi, 81. Aparthied foe who was jailed alongside Nelson

HELVS KITCHEN 353 
Mandela. 
Fred LaRue, 75. Special assistant to John Mitchell, Nixon’s attorney 
general; served a prison term for Watergate. 
Francis Crick, 88. Nobel Prize-winning scientist who, with James 
Watson, discovered the double-helix structure of DNA in 1953; long- 
time faculty member at the Salk Institute for Biological Studies in La 
Jolla, California. Colon cancer. 
Carmine De Sapio, 95. Revived Tammany Hall after World War II 
and was it’s last chairman, a position that gave him power over New 
York City politics. 
Jackson Beck, 92. Voice-over artist who introduced the Superman 
radio show and was the voice of Bluto in nearly 300 Popeye car- 
toons. 
Antonio Gades, 67. Artistic director of the National Ballet of Spain, 
who popularized flamenco and is generally considered the greatest 
Spanish dancer of his generation. Cancer. 
Jerry Goldsmith, 75. Composer who wrote the musical scores for 
almost 200 movies including “Patton,” “Chinatown” and “The Omen,” 
which won him an Academy Award in 1977; he also scored televi- 
sion shows such as “Star Trek: The Next Generation.” Cancer. 
Edward Killingsworth, 86. Modernist architect of the Case Study 
Houses, a Landmark Los Angeles-based project that promoted mod- 
ern design and cost effective building in the postwar housing boom. 
John Cullen Murphy, 85. Illustrator best known for the Sunday comic 
strip “Prince Valiant,” which he created for 34 years. 
Syreeta Wright, 58. Motown recording artist and songwriter with 
her ex-husband, Stevie Wonder. Breast Cancer. 
Albert Casey, 84. Former chairman and CEO of AMR Corp., parent 
company of American Airlines. 
William Mitchell, 92. Food scientist and creator of Pop Rocks candy;

Bat 
he also owned the patents for inventions that led to Cool Whip and 
Tang. Heart failure. 
Paula Danziger, 59. Author of more than 30 children’s books in- 
cluding, “The Cat Ate My Gymsuit.” Heart attack. 
David Webb Chaney, 88. Chemist, who created Astroturf. Cerebral 
hemorrhage. 
Emile Peynaud, 92. Transformed the wine making industry into a 
modern industry that used science to standardize product. 
Roger Ward, 83. Two-time winner of the Indianapolis 500; one of 
auto racing’s biggest stars in the late 1950s and 1960s. 
Thomas Klestil, 71. Former president of Austria; spoke out against 
Austria's involvement with the Nazis during World War II. Multiple 
organ failure. 
Jeff Smith, 65. Minister; best known as PBS's Frugal Gourmet until a 
sex scandal ended his career. Heart disease. 
Joe Gold, 82. Founder of Gold’s Gym and an early promoter of body 
building in America. Heart failure. 
August: 
Alexandra Scott, 8. Cancer patient who started Alex’s Lemonade 
Stand Charity. Childhood cancer. 
Henri Cartier-Bresson, 95. Acclaimed French photographer, whose 
pictures defined the mid-20th century and inspired generations of 
photographers that came after him; co-founder of the Magnum photo 
agency. 
Rick James, 56. Funk legend known for the 1981 hit “Super Freak.” 
Heart attack. 
“Red” Adair, 89. Legendary oil field firefighter ; inspiration for the 
John Wayne film “Hellfighters.”

HELLS KITCHEN 355 
Fay Wray, 96. The damsel in distress, held atop the Empire State 
Building by the giant gorilla in “King Kong.” 
Julia Child, 91. Brought the secrets of French cooking to Americans 
through her ground breaking TV show and books. 
Czeslaw Milosz, 93. Polish poet and Nobel laureate famous for his 
intellectual and emotional works about some of the worst cruelties 
of the 20th century. 
William D. Ford, 77. Fifteen-term Michigan congressman helped to 
expand educational opportunities. 
Paul Ngei, 81. Hero of Kenya’s independence movement revolt against 
British colonial rule. 
Sune Bergstroem, 88. Swedish scientist; shared 1982 Nobel Prize in 
medicine. 
Hiram L. Fong, 97. First Asian-American elected to the U.S. Senate 
in 1959; represented Hawaii for three terms until 1977. 
Elmer Bernstein, 82. Oscar-winning composer who scored such films 
as “To Killa Mockingbird,” “The Magnificent Seven,” “The Ten Com- 
mandments” and “The Great Escape.” 
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross, 78. Psychiatrist who revolutionized the way 
the world looked at the terminally ill with “On Death and Dying.” 
Laura Branigan, 47. Grammy-nominated singer had a platinum hit 
in 1982 with “Gloria.” Ruptured brain aneurysm. 
Fred L. Whipple, 97. Harvard astronomer who proposed the “dirty 
snowball” theory that revolutionized the study of comets. 
Leon Golub, 82. Artist known for paintings that featured monu- 
mental human figures and depict war, torture and suffering. Compli- 
cations after surgery. 
Isidro “El Indio” Lopez, 75. Saxophonist, singer and founder of the 
Isidro Lopez Orchestra; thought to be the father of Tejano music.

356 
Complications from a stroke and brain aneurysm. 
Carl Mydans, 97. Original photo-journalist for Life magazine; a pio- 
neer in magazine photojournalism; he photographed General Dou- 
glas MacArthur wading ashore on his return to the Philippines. Heart 
failure. 
Robert Linn, 95. Recognized by the Guinness World Records as the 
World’s longest serving mayor, first taking office in Beaver, Pennsyl- 
vania in 1946 and being elected 14 additional times over the follow- 
ing 58 years. 
J. Irwin Miller, 95. Former CEO of the Fortune 500 engine manu- 
facturer Cummins Engine. Congestive heart failure. 
Nuha al-Radi, 63. Iraqi ceramist and painter best known for her 
1998 book “Bagdad Diaries.” Complications of Leukemia. 
Gloria Emerson, 75. Author and New York Times foreign corre- 
spondent. Suicide. 
Sir Godfrey Hounsfield, 84. British electrical engineer who shared 
a 1979 Nobel Prize for his work on the invention of the CAT scan. 
Larry Desmedt, 55. Builder of custom motorcycles; known to en- 
thusiasts as “Indian Larry”. Died from injuries suffered in a motor- 
cycle crash. 
Al Dvorin, 81. Concert announcer for Elvis Presley, whose signature 
line “Elvis has left the building,” became a pop culture classic. Auto 
accident. 
E. Fay Jones, 83. Architect and Frank Lloyd Wright student known 
for his design of Thorncrown Chapel in Eureka Springs, Arkansas. 
Heart and lung failure. 
Frank Sanache, 86. Last of eight Meskwaki Indian “code talkers” 
who used their native language as a code during World War II.

HELLS KITCHEN 357 
September: 
Herbert H. Haft, 84. Multimillionaire retailer offered goods from 
books to prescription drugs at discount prices. 
Kirk Firdice, 70. Tough businessman, who, in 1992 became 
Mississippi’ first Republican governor in more than 100 years. 
Richard G. Butler, 86. Notorious white supremacist; given the name 
- “elder statesman of American hate.” 
Brock Adams, 77. Transportation secretary under President Carter; 
represented Washington state in the House and Senate. Parkinson's 
disease. 
Fred Ebb, 76. Wrote lyrics for hit musicals “Chicago” and “Cabaret” 
as well as the song “New York, New York.” 
James David Barber, 74. Political scientist; wrote influential book 
“The Presidential Character: Predicting Performance in the White 
House.” 
Reynaldo Garza, 89. First Hispanic federal judge, appointed in 1961. 
Johnny Ramone, 55. Born John Cummings, co-founded influential 
punk band The Ramones. Prostate cancer. 
Marvin Mitchelson, 76. Hollywood divorce lawyer who pioneered 
the “palimony” concept - alimony for unmarried couples who sepa- 
rate. Cancer. 
Russ Meyer, 82. Producer-director who helped develop the “skin 
flick,” and later gained industry respect for his films such as “Beyond 
the Valley of the Dolls” and “Faster, Pussycat! Kill! Kill!” Complica- 
tions of pneumonia. 
Eddie Adams, 71. Photojournalist who took the Pulitzer Prize-win- 
ning Associated Press picture of a Viet Cong fighter being executed 
in a Saigon street during the Viet Nam War in 1968. Lou Gehrig’ 
disease.

358 
Francoise Sagan, 69. French author; Famous among teenagers for 
best-selling “Bonjour Tristesse.” 
Marvin Davis, 79. Billionaire oilman, philanthropist and, in the 
1980s, owner of 20th Century Fox Studios. 
Geoffrey Beene, 77. Designer of classic styles, that put him at the 
cutting edge of American fashion; his clients included first ladies Pat 
Nixon and Nancy Reagan. 
Izora Armstead, 62. Half of the singing duo, the Weather Girls, 
known for their 1982 hit, “Its Raining Men.” Heart failure. 
Skeeter Davis, 72. Grand Ole Opry star, who had a cross over hit 
with “The End of the World.” Breast cancer. 
Frank Thomas, 92. Animator and one of Walt Disney's famed “Nine 
Old Men” responsible for the scene of the two star dogs sharing a 
strand of spaghetti on their first date in the 1955 classic, “Lady and 
the Tramp.” Cerebral hemorrhage.” 
John Mack, 74. Harvard psychiatry professor who won a Pulitzer 
Prize for his biography of Lawrence of Arabia. Struck by a car. 
Richard Butler, 86. Founder of the white supremacist group Aryan 
Nations. Heart attack. 
October: 
Rodney Dangerfield, 82. A “bug-eyed” comedian who had a self- 
depreciating act (“I don’t get no respect”) that brought him stardom 
in Vegas clubs, TV and the big screen. 
Richard Avedon, 81. Redefined fashion photography as an art form 
while achieving acclaim for his stark portraits of the powerful; pho- 
tographic subjects included Dwight Eisenhower. 
Janet Leigh, 77. Wholesome “girl next door” beauty whose characters 
shocking murder in the Alfred Hitchcock thriller “Psycho” is a cult 
classic.

HELLS KITCHEN 359 
Gordon Cooper, 77. Youngest of the original seven Mercury astro- 
nauts; achieved many firsts, including first astronaut in space for 24 
hours. 
Maurice Wilkins, 88. British scientist who shared the 1962 Nobel 
Prize for early work on DNA. 
Johnny Kelley, 97. The heart and soul of the Boston Marathon, run- 
ning it a record 61 times - winning twice. 
Jacques Derrida, 74. World-renowned thinker who founded the 
school of literary analysis known as “deconstructionism,” arguing 
that the meaning of a collection of words is not fixed. Pancreatic 
cancer. 
Maxime A. Faget, 83. NASA engineer who the designed original 
spacecraft for Project Mercury. 
Christopher Reeve, 52. “Superman” actor, became America’s spokes- 
man for spinal cord injury research following an accidental fall while 
jumping horses. 
Ken Caminiti, 41. Former San Diego Padres infielder and Major 
League Baseball MVP in 1996; admitted to steroid use. Died of a 
drug overdose. 
Martin M. Kaplan, 89. Secretary general of the Nobel Peace Prize- 
winning Pugwash conferences on disarmament. 
Pierre Salinger, 79. President Kennedy’ press secretary; later a re- 
spected correspondent for ABC News. Heart failure. 
Paul H. Nitze, 97. Arms control advisor, who served under eight 
presidents and helped design the Cold War policy of “containment.” 
Pneumonia. 
Robert Merrill, 87. Metropolitan Opera superstar who was equally 
comfortable singing the national anthem at Yankee Stadium. 
Vaughn Meader, 68. Attained instant notoriety for satirizing John F 
Kennedy in the multimillion-selling album “The First Family”; his

360 
fame died following Kennedy’ assassination. 
Edward Oliver Leblanc, 81. Former Dominica premier who guided 
the island nation transition into independence. 
Bruce Palmer, 58. Bass player for the folk-rock band Buffalo Spring- 
field. Heart attack. 
Lewis Urry, 77. Inventor considered the “father of alkaline” batter- 
les. 
James Chace, 72. Historian and author, biographer of Dean Acheson. 
Heart attack. 
Ray Boone, 81. Patriarch of a three-generation family of Major League 
Baseball players. Complications following surgery. 
Bill Bennett, 73. Hang-gliding pioneer who made the world’s high- 
est and longest unassisted free flight. Hang-gliding accident. 
Samuel Lee Gravely Jr, 82. First black admiral and first black com- 
mander of a U.S. Navy fleet. Complications of a stroke. 
Joyce Jillson, 58. Nationally syndicated astrologist who claimed to 
be astrology adviser to the Reagan White House. Kidney failure. 
November: 
Theo van Gogh, 47. Outspoken Dutch film director; great-grand- 
nephew of the painter, Vincent van Gogh; created a controversy and 
was threatened over his film “Submission,” about violence against 
women in Islamic Societies. Shot and stabbed by Islamic radicals. 
Sheik Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan, 86. Longtime king of the United 
Arab Emirates; he brought the UAE into the 20th century and built it 
into a high-tech world center. 
Howard Keel, 85. Baritone in MGM musicals such as “Kiss Me Kate” 
an “Annie get Your Gun”; he later starred in the TV series “Dallas.” 
Yasser Arafat, 75. Palestinian guerrilla leader turned Nobel Peace 
Prize Winner; was hated as a sponsor of terrorism.

HELLS KITCHEN 361 
OP Dirty Bastard, 35. The rapper, born Russell Jones, and founding 
member of the Wu Tang Clan whose unique rhymes and wild lifestyle 
made him the biggest character in hip-hop. Drug overdose and heart 
attack. 
Thomas M. Foglietta, 75. Six-term Philadelphia congressman and 
ambassador to Italy. 
Elmer L. Andersen, 95. Liberal Republican who, as governor of 
Minnesota pressed for human rights. 
Reed Irvine, 82. Founder of the media watchdog group Accuracy in 
Media. 
Bobby Frank Cherry, 74. Ex-Klansman convicted in the 1963 Bir- 
mingham, Alabama, church bombing that killed four black girls. 
Cy Coleman, 75. Composer of Broadway musicals (“Sweet Charity,” 
“City of Angels”) and pop songs (“The Best is Yet to Come”). 
Sir John Vane, 77. Shared 1982 Nobel Prize in medicine for discov- 
ery how aspirin works. 
Fred Hale Sr., 113. Documented as the world’s oldest living man. 
Ancel Keys, 100. Developed “K rations” eaten by soldiers in World 
War II and theorized that heart attacks were caused by dietary fat. 
Joseph John Sisco, 85. Diplomat whose State Department career 
spanned five presidential administrations; participated in Henry 
Kissinger’s “shuttle diplomacy.” 
Arthur Hailey, 84. Best-selling author whose novel “Airport” gener- 
ated a parade of disaster movies. 
Philippe de Broca, 71. French director whose 1960s films “The Man 
from Rio” and “King of Hearts” brought him recognition and respect. 
The Rev. Billy James Hargis, 79. Leading radio and TV evangelist 
and anti-communist crusader. 
Ed Kemmer, 84. Actor who played Buzz Corry in the 1950s TV

362 
show Space Patrol. Complications of a stroke. 
Terry Melcher, 62. Producer and songwriter son of Doris Day who 
worked with The Byrds and the Beach Boys and helped shape the 
1960s surf music sound. Cancer. 
Zachary Solov, 81. Former dancer and chief choreographer with the 
Metropolitan Opera. Heart failure. 
Larry Brown, 53. Oxford, Mississippi fireman who began writing 
novels in his spare time and won acclaim for his blunt raw portrayals 
of common people. Heart attack. 
Iris Chang, 36. Best selling author of “The Rape of Nanking” and 
“The Chinese in America.” Suicide. 
December: 
Prince Bernhard, 93. German-born father of the Netherlands’ Queen 
Beatrix who earned the respect of the Dutch during the Nazi occupa- 
tion by walking while wearing the yellow Star of David required of 
the Jewish people to show their support and solidarity for their Jew- 
ish citizens. 
Dame Alicia Markova, 94. One of the 20th century’ greatest balle- 
rinas and a co-founder of the English Ballet. 
Josef Schwammberger, 92. Sadistic Nazi labor-camp commander 
who hid for 40 years in Argentina before he was captured. 
Jay Van Andel, 80. Billionaire co-founder of the Amway Corpora- 
tion, which sells household products through network marketing 
and home meetings. Parkinson's disease. 
Darrell Abbott, 38. Known as, “Dimebag,” acclaimed guitarist with 
Grammy-nominated heavy metal band Pantera and more recently 
Damageplan. Shot to death while performing on stage. 
Barry Corbet, 68. Member of a climbing team that forged a new 
route to the summit of Mount Everest in 1963. He and his team were 
the first Americans to conquer Everest; he gave up his chance to

HELLS KITCHEN 363 
reach the summit himself to his other team members. 
Oscar M. Ruebhausen, 92. Former advisor to Governor Nelson 
Rockefeller advisor; he was an intimate but unpaid advisor; he was a 
Lend-Lease attorney during World War II; he was instrumental in 
forming the National Science Foundation. 
Harold Benjamin, 80. Established the first Wellness Community 
Network for cancer patients and their families in 1982; he wrote 
“The Wellness Community Guide to Fighting for Recovery From 
Cancer.” Pulmonary fibrosis. 
Jack Newfield, 66. He was a trash and “muckraking” reporter who 
wrote books on Robert Kennedy and boxing promoter Don King. 
His books include “City for Sale: Ed Koch” and the “Betrayal of New 
York.” 
Sidonie Goossens, 105. Principal harpist of the BBC Symphony Or- 
chestra from the 1930s until her retirement fifty years later; she was 
the last survivor of a musically distinguished family. 
Agnes Martin, 92. Artist of the abstract Expressionism movement 
who was admired for the meditative quality of her work. Pneumo- 
nia. 
Renata Tebaldi, 82. Italian soprano considered to have one of the 
most beautiful voices of the 20th century and a star at both the New 
York Metropolitan and Italy's La Scala. 
Princess Kikuko, 92. Aunt of Japan’s emperor and outspoken sup- 
porter of allowing women to assume the imperial throne. Blood poi- 
soning. 
Reggie White, 43. Renowned NFL defensive end who played for the 
Philadelphia Eagles and the Green Bay Packers, White was also an 
ordained minister; generally known as the “Minister of Defense.” Heart 
attack. 
Francess Lantz, 52. Wrote novels aimed at girls including the “Luna 
Bay” surfer girl series; her novel “Stepsister From Planet Weird,” be-

364 
came a Disney Channel movie. Ovarian cancer. 
Isaura E. Fuentes, 103. She was a housewife who was born in Mexico 
and moved to San Diego. 
Susan Sontag, 71. Writer, advocate of avant-garde and essayist; self- 
proclaimed “zealot of seriousness.” Leukemia. 
Jerry Orbach, 69. Popular Broadway star who became famous as the 
Law & Order TV cop, Lenny Brisco for twelve years; he was the voice 
of the candelabrum in “Beauty and the Beast”; he won a Tony Award 
in 1969 for playing Chuck Baxter in “Promises, Promises”; he played 
the first Billy Flynn, the lawyer in “Chicago.” Prostate cancer. 
John D. Deardourff, 71. Pioneer political consultant who served a 
string of prominent Republican clients. His clients included Gover- 
nor Nelson A. Rockefeller of New York, Mayor John V. Lindsay of 
New York City, Senator Charles H. Percy of Illinois and John C. 
Danforth the former Missouri senator and U. S. delegate to the United 
Nations; he was considered one of the founding fathers of political 
consulting, a trade that was in it’s infancy during the 1960s. 
Maxwell McCrohon, 76. Former Chicago Tribune editor and UPI chief. 
Lung cancer. 
Donald Robinson, 85. Had a 30 year career with the National Park 
Service; he turned the Cabrillo National Monument into the most 
visited national park in America as the best gray whale watching and 
most accurate gray whale counting site. 
Artie Shaw, 94. Originally named Arthur Arshawsky, became a jazz 
clarinetist and big-band leader who successfully challenged Benny 
Goodman's reign as the King of Swing with his recordings of “Begin 
the Beguine,” “Lady Be Good” and “Star Dust” in the late 1930s; Shaw 
was married and divorced eight times - his wives included Elizabeth 
Kern (daughter of song writer Jerome Kern), Lana Turner, Ava Gardner, 
Evelyn Keyes and Kathleen Winsor (author of “Forever Amber”). 
Julius Axelrod, 92. Nobel Prize winner; a NIH neuroscientist who 
won the prize in 1970 for his work on how nerve cells communicate _

HELLS KITCHEN 365 
and affect behavior; his work formed the foundation for a host of 
new antidepressants in the class of Prozac and Zoloft. 
Rod Kanehl, 70. He hit the first “grand slam” in the history of the 
New York Mets in 1962; he won the heart of manager Casey Stengel 
by crashing through fences to catch balls. Heart attack. 
Hank Garland, 74. Legendary country, rock and jazz guitarist who 
performed with Elvis Presley, the Everly Brothers, Roy Orbison, Patsy 
Cline, Charlie Parker and many others in the 1950s and 1960s; he 
had his first million-selling hit at age 19 with “Sugar Foot Rag.” Staph 
infection. 
Jane Gray Muskie, 77. Wife of former presidential candidate, 
Edmund Muskie. Alzheimer’s disease. 
Alexander Marshack, 86. A self taught anthropological researcher 
who was the first to interpret Stone Age artifacts as primitive lunar 
calendars; Marshack analyzed small incisions in bone plaques found 
in southwest France that dated from the Paleolithic Period, about 
30,000 years ago in the latter century’s of the last Ice Age; he deter- 
mined that humans were keeping monthly calendars 25,000 years 
before the appearance of writing and almost 20,000 years before the 
appearance of agriculture - his findings were published in Science, 
November 1964; because of his discovery he was hired as a research 
associate at the Peabody Museum of Archaeology and Ethnology at 
Harvard in 1963. Heart failure. 
The Longevity Realities 
We like to look at birthday announcements in the newspapers as 
well as obituaries so we know what the longevity possibilities are - in 
reality, what is our reward in terms of health and longevity if we eat 
right, supplement properly and maintain a proper weight. In other 
words, bottom line, is it all (the goal of healthy longevity) in the final 
analysis worth the conscious effort. The answer turned out to be a 
resounding - YES!

366 
We will share with the reader a few of our favorite birthday and 
death announcements because they are a well traveled roadmap of 
how to do things right and how to get there from here. 
On January 1995, Masoomeh Dousti, died at her home in the 
Iranian village of Kalatenbala in Khorasan province at the age of 161 
years - she was survived by six living children ranging in age from 
120 to 128 years of age. According to her son, she never visited a 
doctor or took any chemical medications - she only used herbs for 
medication. 
On June 27, 1995, Dorah Ramothibe of South Africa turned 114 
years of age - she was born in 1881 when Queen Victoria was on the 
throne of England. Her diet consisted of locusts (grasshoppers), pump- 
kin seeds, tortoise meat, wild herbs, dried fruit and coffee. 
On April 1998, Bir Narayan Chaudhuri, a cattle farmer from a 
town outside of Katmandu, Nepal died at the age of 141 years. 
On October 1999, Ralph Charles, of Somerset, Ohio turned 100 
years of age - what made him interesting to us was that he was still 
piloting commercial charter flights, and his pilot’s license had no re- 
strictions. 
On March of 2003, Maria Etelvina Dos Santos, a Brazilian, died 
at the age of 124 years. According to her birth certificate, she was the 
descendent of African slaves and was born on July 15, 1878 - she 
enjoyed a healthy life throughout her years. 
On October of 2003, Sek Yi, a Cambodian tiger hunter and mar- 
tial arts expert died at the age of 122 - his surviving widow, Long 
Ouk, was 108 years of age. 
On September 1, 2004, a 93 year old woman who has six chil- 
dren, thirty five grandchildren, seventy five great grand children and 
ten great great grandchildren performed a sky dive from an airplane 
to celebrate her 93rd birthday- “Because it’s a new adventure,” ex- 
plained Luree Kohtz, of Burley, Idaho. 
A feisty Etna Powers rode in a horse drawn carriage during the 
2003 Portland, Oregon Rose Parade on her 100th birthday as she 
had done six earlier times. 
Sarah Clark Knauss, was born September 24, 1880, she turned 
120 years of age in 2000 - older than the Eiffel Tower. She was born

HELVS KITCHEN 367 
in Hollywood, Pennsylvania. 
On May 1, 2001, Harold Stilson, of Deerfield Beach, Florida, 
turned 101 years of age and went to play golf for his birthday - he hit 
his sixth hole in one - a 108 yard par three hole! 
On January 2001, the Guinness World Records, listed Antonio Todd, 
a shepherd from Sardinia as the worlds oldest man at 112 years of 
age. His secret, “drink a good glass of red wine every day.” 
Jeanne Calment of France was born on February 21, 1875 - she 
died at the age of 122 years and 164 days August 4, 1997 which was 
documented by the Guiness World Book of Records. 
The world’s oldest man Shigechiyo Izunis of Japan lived to be an 
authenticated 120 years and 237 days. He was born June 29, 1865. 
He was six years old when Japan had its first census in 1871. He 
worked until he was 105 years of age, drank shochu (liquor distilled 
from barley) and took up smoking at the age of 70 - he died Febru- 
ary 21, 1986. 
The oldest dwarf was Hungarian born Susana Bokonyi, alias “Prin- 
cess Susana,” of New Jersey until she died at the age of 105 on Au- 
gust 24, 1984. She was three foot four inches in height. 
The oldest person to fly as a passenger was Charlette Hughes of 
Redcar, England who was given a flight on Concorde from London 
to New York as a 110th birthday present in 1987. She flew again in 
1992 at the age of 115. 
The world’s oldest athlete, Boba Joginder Singh was 105 years of 
age when he got the Gold Medal for his winning the discus throw at 
the 1998 Indian National Meet for Veterans, held in Thane, Bombay 
(Mumbai) - he was the only competitor over the age of 100 years. He 
represented India in a 1910 World Championship event held in Ber- 
lin, Germany. 
The oldest person to ever have an operation was James Henry 
Brett, Jr., whose hip was operated on in Houston, Texas on Novem- 
ber 7, 1960 at age 111 years and 105 days. 
On August 6, 2004, Verona Johnson turned 114, and was docu- 
mented as the oldest living American - there have been older Ameri- 
cans before her, and there will be older Americans after her. At 114, 
she “still remembers names pretty well.” Her mind is still sharp enough

368 
to solve crossword puzzles and remember joke punch lines - she can 
still rattle through the names of her thirty six grandchildren and great- 
grandchildren. 
Johnson’s daily snack consists of orange juice, one cracker, one 
cinnamon drop and one cashew - “That’s enough,” she claims. 
Johnson gave up traveling by herself at age 100 and she gave up 
playing bridge at age 110. Johnson once exclaimed, “Electricity was 
the most important thing that happened to us.” She is famous for 
saying, “You can get too old to enjoy life - (but) I never got that old!” 
Johnson was quite correct, electricity was one of the more impor- 
tant things that happened to us, however, it was a two edged sword. 
Electricity provided a type of universal power that could be gener- 
ated using a variety of fuels (i.e. - wood, coal, oil, nuclear, etc.) and 
could be used to drive everything from kitchen appliances to com- 
puters. 
Unfortunately, when electricity was brought on line at 3:00 pm, 
Monday September 4, 1882 - few, if any knew that the genie had 
been let out of the bottle. The wood ash byproduct of cooking and 
heating was not replaced with a complete mineral supplement and 
the resultant consequences produced obesity, adult onset type II dia- 
betes, the Metabolic Syndrome and hundreds of other mineral defi- 
ciency diseases. 
Living healthfully beyond 100 years of age is in fact as easy as 
making a pie. There are many recipes for making pies and most cook 
books show a picture of what the pie will look like if one but follows 
the recipes. 
In a similar fashion, we know what the typical seventy five year 
old human will look like if they follow the instructions of the average 
western doctor. We know what the average obese thirty five year old 
looks like and we know their reduced life span statistics. 
To maximize ones health, fitness and longevity requires a signifi- 
cant level of personal responsibility of each individual. We must make 
sure we give our body all of the raw materials that it needs to main- 
tain and repair itself - all 90 essential nutrients with a special empha- 
sis on the sixty essential minerals. 
We must eliminate the bad stuff that directly or indirectly gener-

HELLS KITCHEN 369 
ates free radicals - no fried foods, margarines, cooking oils, carbon- 
ated drinks, caffeine, excessive alcohol, sugar, excess carbohydrates, 
burnt animal fats and meat cooked well done. By eliminating these 
dangerous foods and substances we can add a healthful eight to 20 
years to our lives; add in the 90 essential nutrients one can add an- 
other 10 to twenty years; add in the antioxidants you add more health- 
ful years and significantly reduce the risks of cancer, cardiovascular 
disease and Alzheimer’s disease. 
Doing the correct things will allow us to avoid obesity, adult on- 
set type II diabetes and the Metabolic Syndrome - these diseases are 
not inevitable, genetic or hopeless, they are in fact preventable and 
curable as they are caused by simple mineral deficiency diseases. 
Remember, humans have the genetic capacity to live to be be- 
yond 100 years of age - if we accept death at the age of sixty five as 
having had a “good life” when we could have lived to a healthful 100 
years of age - we squandered and gave up thirty five years of a health- 
ful and useful life that was given to us for free. 
We fight hard to ensure that we get the full measure of our car, 
dishwasher, and television warranty - why not fight hard and intelli- 
gently to get the full measure of the healthful life that we are equipped 
to get.

370

HELLS KITCHEN 371 
Bibliography 
Agatston, A.: The South Beach Diet. Random House. New York. 2003. 
Atkins, R. C. : Dr. Atkins’ New Diet Revolution. Avon Books. New 
work. 2002. 
Bailey, F L. : Navajo Foods and Cooking Methods. Am. Anthro. 
42:270-90.1940. 
Bondy, P. K. and Rosenberg, L. E.: Metabolic Control and Disease. 
(8th ed.). W. B. Saunders Company. Philadelphia. 1974. 
Bottom, S.: Seven supper salads. Real Simple. Tampa, Florida. Pp 
252 - 58. 
Christensen, N. K.: Juniper ash as a source of calcium in the Navajo 
diet. J Am Diet Ass. 98(3)333-334. March 1998. 
Corliss, R. and Lemonick, M. D. : How to Live to be 100. Time. New 
York. August 30, 2004. 
Diamond, J.: Guns, Germs, and Steel. W. W. Norton G Company. 
New York, 1997. 
Diamomd J.: Collapse. Viking. New York. 2005. 
Domine, A.: Wine. Konnemann. Spain. 10-65. 2003 
Donkersloot, M.: Road Trip. Low Carb Living. Summer 2004. pp 58. 
Freese, B.: Coal. Penguin Books. London. 2003. 
Freund, H., et al: Chromium deficiency during total parenteral nu- 
| trition. JAMA. 241(5):496-8.1979. 
‘ Gassenheimer, L.: Smoothies. Low Carb Living. Summer 2004. pp 
- '? 
| Holmberg, M. (Ed): Quick & Delicious. Fine Cooking. Newtown, 
( CT. Fall, 2004.

Bi2 
Isaacson, W.: Benjamin Franklin. Simon & Schuster Paperbacks. New 
York. 2003. 
Iacopelli, F (ed.): The Truth about Low-Carb Foods. Consumer Re- 
ports. 12 - 15. New York. June 2004. 
Jeejeebhoy, K. N., et al: Chromium deficiency, glucose tolerance, and 
neuropathy reversed by chromium supplementation, in a patient re- 
ceiving long-term total parenteral nutrition. Am J Clin Nutr.30(4): 
531-38.1977. 
Josephson, M.: Edison. McGraw-Hill.1959. 
Krause, M. V. and Mahan, L. K.: Food, Nutrition and Diet Therapy.(7th 
ed). WB. Saunders Company. Philadelphia. 1984. 
Kurlansky, M.: Salt: A World History. Penguin Books. 2002. 
Malone, C. et al: The Death Cults of Prehistoric Malta. Sci. Am. March 
28) 2005! 5¢1): 14 223" 
McGrath, T.: Liquid Assets. Men’s Health. March 2004. pp 142 - 149. 
Mertz, W.: Chromium occurrence and function in a biological sys- 
tem. Physiol. Rev. 49:163-230.1969. 
Mertz, W. and Schwarz, K.: Chromium(IID and the glucose tolerance 
factor. Arch. Biochem. Biophys. 85:292-5.1959. 
Murray, M. and Lyon, M.: How to Prevent and Treat Diabetes with 
Natural Medicine. Riverhead Books. New York. 2003. 
Nash, J. M.: Cracking the fat Riddle. Time. September 2, 2002. 
Newman, C. : Why are we so fat? National Geographic. August 2004. 
Nicholson, C.: Ripe Now. Real Simple. Tampa, Florida. Pp 238 - 48. 
O’Hara, S. (ed.):Science; Year by Year. Marshall Editions. New 
York.2001.

HELLS KITCHEN 373 
Porter, R.: Greatest Benefit. W. W. Norton & Company. New 
York.1997. 
Voorhees, E. B.: Fertilizers. The MacMllan Company. New York. 1926. 
Wallach, J. D. and Ma, L.: Dead Doctors Don’t Lie. Wellness Publica- 
tions, L. L. C. Bonita, CA. 1999. 
Wallach, J. D. and Ma, L.: God Bless America! Wellness Publications, 
ee bonita, CA: 2002. 
Wallach, J. D. and Ma, L.: Let’s Play Doctor! Wellness Publications, 
L.L.C. Bonita, CA. 1989. 
Wallach, J. D. and Ma, L.: Let’s Play Herbal Doctor! Wellness Publi- 
cations, L.L.C. Bonita, CA. 2001. 
Wallach, J. D. and Ma, L.: Rare Earths:forbidden cures. 
Wellness Publications, L.L.C. Bonita, CA. 1994. 
Wolfe, W. S., Weber, C, W. and Arviso, K. D.: Use and Nutrient Com- 
position of Traditional Navajo Foods. Ecology Food Nutr. 17:323- 
44.1985.

374

Index 
A 
Accutane 157 
Acrylamides 256 
Active Transport 219 
Atrica 11, 43,171 
Agriculture 19, 59 
Alcohol 319 
Alexander the Great 41, 193 
Almonds 301 
Aluminum 203 
Alzheimer’s disease 338 
Amoeba 5 
Amish 228 
Andean 29, 30 
Anthrax 10 
Anti-aging beer 324 
Antioxidant 152, 153, 252 
Anti-scorbutic 66, 139 
Aortic aneurysm 337 
Apollo 39 
Appetizers 297 
Apple 211 
Archimedes 37 
Arginine 281 
Aristotle 38, 192 
Arizona Pima Indians 231 
Aromatic essences 45 
Arrow 12 
mrsenic 155, 203, 223 
Asclepiads 36 
Asclepius 36 
Asia 171 
Aspartame 258 
Ash 8, 18, 22, 89, 17, 60 
Ash Power 17 
Ash dump 22 
Ashes177 
Aspirin 113 
HELLS KITCHEN 375 
Atomic bombs 128, 129 
Australopithecus 7 
Axed 2. 
B 
Banting, Charles 94 
Banting, Frederick 120 
Barber-physicians 50 
Barbers 50 
Barley 19, 20 
Batchelor, Charles 96 
Battery 72, 94 
Beaumont, William 84 
Beer 324, 325 
Bell, Alexander Graham 97 
Bergama 44 
Beriberi 34, 136, 137 
Berries 21, 302 
Best, Charles 120 
Bextra 157 
Birdseye, Clarence 117 
Black Berries 304 
Black Death 60 
Black Sea 28 
Blueberries 211, 304 
BMI 29, 172 
BOAC 147 
Body Mass Index 29, 172 
Bogart, E. L. 91 
Bone chewing 183 
Bone spurs 221 
Book of Wounds 35 
Boron 223 
Boston 62, 63, 94 
Bowl and doily spider 336 
Bows and arrows 12 
Boyle, Robert 79 
Boysenberry 303

376 
Brain, Bob 7 
Brazil nut 301 
Breakfast 289 
Bright's disease 245 
Broccoli 211, 289, 308 
Bubonic plague 112 
Buffalo chips 18 
C 
Calcium 203, 209, 239 
Calmette, Albert 120 
Calorie 20, 276 
Calorie restricted diet 1, 334 
Cambrian Period 3 
Campfire 7 
Canal 30, 89 
Canal craze 89 
Cancer 80 
Candle making 62 
Caral 29 
Carbohydrate 96, 233 
Carboniferous Period 3, 4, 5 
Carnegie, Andrew 141 
Carson, Rachel 148 
Casal, Gaspar 134 
Cashews 302 
Cassiodorus 175, 184 
Catalhoyuk 190 
Cattle 13, 25 
Cave 121 
Cave art 121 
Cave drawings 121 
Cayenne 290 
CDG S25 227 
Celebrex 161 
Celsus, Cornelious 421 
Center for Disease Control 52 
Center for the Biology 
of Natural Systems 150 
Cereal 35, 45 
Cereal grains 35, 45 
Ceroid lipofucsin 338 
Chandler, Asa 243 
Charcoal 8, 28 
Chauvet 13 
Chelated minerals 216 
Chickpea 18, 19 
China 18 
Chinese 27 
Chocolate 214, 283, 307 
Christ Church 75 
Christians 42 
Christian zealots 42 
Chromium 223, 236, 237 
Clark, Larry 153 
Coal 3;-28, 58, 843 107 
Coca Coffee 243 
Coca Cola 242, 244, 248 
Cocafene 243 
Cocoagin 283 
Cocaine 243 
Cockroaches 5, 94 
Code of Hammurabi 34 
College of Physicians 50 
Colloidal minerals 217 
Colloids 217 
Conservation of charge 71 
Copper 27 
Coral calcium 203 
Corn 114, 211 
Corn flakes 114, 118 
Corpulence 94 
Cos 36 
Cotton gin 109 
Cow 23 
CR diet 1, 334 
Crestor 156 
Cribbing 175, 177, 191 
Crick, Francis 145, 353 
Crimean War 50 
Cro-Magnon 11 
Crusades 47 
Culinary ashes 8, 13, 17, 45, 57,105, 
7d 1763191 194-202. 206

Cyprus 20 
Cystic Fibrosis 150, 151 
D 
Date 35 
Daughters of Charity 51 
Davy, Sir Humphrey 71, 196 
De Gray, Aubrey 328 
DDT 109 
Dead lake 151 
Deficiency disease 134, 140 
Dessert 14 
Piabetes I. 123. 130: 155, 163, 165, 
fot 21225, 255,24) 
Diamond, Jared 11, 17 
pict 24, 38, 45, 263 
Dinner 295 
Dinosaur 3, 5 
Diseases of Exotic Animals 152 
Dogwood, Silence 63 
Doisy, Richard J. 235 
Domesticate 22, 23 
Double helix 145 
Down's Syndrome 10 
Dr. Pepper 243 
Dragon 1, 3 
Dragon, Komodo 3, 9 
Dumas, J.B.H. 96 
Dutch 9, 14 
Dutch East Indies Tea Company 14 
Dynamo 85, 99 
Dysentary 66 
Dysmenorrhea 97 
E 
Ebers papyrus 35 
| Eclipse 98, 102 
| Edicaran Hills 3 
| Edicaran Period 3 
| Edison, Thomas 75, 90, 94, 126, 
HELLS KITCHEN 377 
244, 245 
Edo Period 60 
Edward 1 57, 60 
EGCG 154, 252 
Egg 289 
Egg nog 306 
Eggplant 338 
Egypt 20, 21, 43 
Egyptians 27 
Eijkman, Christian 136 
Einstein, Albert 69, 113 
Einthoven, Wilem 120 
Elea 43 
Electricity 72, 75, 176, 209 
Electric candles 86 
Electric sink 127 
Electron Spin Resonance 7 
Elephant 9 
Emord, Johnathan 158 
Energy 58, 127 
Energy crisis 57, 59, 127 
England 51, 78 
English 51, 59 
Englishmen 57 
Erasistratus 42 
Erie Canal 89, 90 
Essential oils 27 
Euclid 37 
Euphrates River 33, 185 
Europe 11 
Excercise 273 
E 
Family bands 14, 27 
Faraday, Michael 85, 104 
Farmer, Moses 86, 98 
Rata, 
Fat Ladies 190 
Fat Man 129 
Fattening salt 195 
FDA 147, 149, 156; 157, 160

378 
Feedlot Syndrome 155, 165, 168, 221 
Fertile Crescent 19, 21, 288 
Fertilizer 8, 22, 58, 89, 189, 210 
Fibromyalgia 254 
Fig 20 
Filament 100, 102 
Fire 6 
Fire drill 8 
Fire plow 8 
Fire power 7 
Fire saw 8 
Fire starters 8 
Fish hook 11, 12 
Fleming, Alexander 122 
Flexner, Abraham 141, 162 
Flexner, Simon 143 
Flint 8, 29 
Florence 50 
Fossil 9, 11 
Founder crops 19, 21 
Founder animals 22 
Frank incense 27, 35 
Franklin, Benjamin 61, 99, 273, 327 
Franklin Gothic 64 
Franklin Stove 70 
Free radicals 154, 251 
Fruehof, August 117 
Fruit 180, 338 
Funk, Casimir 137 
Fuses 103 
G 
Galen 43 
Gallium 203 
Garbage 11, 18 
Garden of Eden 33 
Garlic 249, 295 
Gasoline 110, 107 
Gastric by pass 279 
Gates, Frederick, T. 143 
General Electric 119, 126, 127 
Gentlewomen 116 
Geophagia 178 
Germanium 203 
Glacier 6, 18 
Glisson, Francis 138 
Globe of Flowers Cough Syrup 243 
Glucose 232 
Goat 23225. 36 
Goddard, James L. 149 
Gold 45, 203 
Goldfinger, Joseph 135 
Gomorrah 54 
Goosefoot 21 
Graham, David 160 
Grant, Ulysses S. 110 
Grape 20 
Graunt, John 60 
Great Leap Forward 11, 17 
Greek 35, 40, 196 
Greeking 42 
Grijns, Gerrit 112, 136 
Growth rate 24 
Guppy 336 
H 
Hammurabi 34 
Harvard 52, 62, 69, 142, 237 
Harvard Nurses Health Study 154 
Harvard School of Public Health 52 
Hazel nuts 301 
Healers 49 
Hearth 56 
Helenistic 42 
Hell’s fork 89 
Hell’s kitchen 107, 242 
Herbert, Sydney 51 
Herbalist 49 
Herbs 35, 45 
Herophilus 42 
Hershey's Bar 244 
Heterocyclic amines 255

HGH 280 
Hippocrates 36 
Hippocrates’ Corpus 36 
Hippocratic Oath 38, 39 
Hire’ Root Beer 242 
Hobbit 9 
Homer 36 
Homeric epics 36 
Homo erectus 7, 8, 57 
Homo floresiensis 9 
Homo sapiens 9 
Hopkins, Frederick 114 
Hospital 47 
Hospitalism 50 
Humic shale 220 
Hunter gatherers 19, 25, 27 
Hunza 193 
Hygeia 36 
Hypatia 42 
I 
Ice Age 3 
lliad 36 
imperial Inca Cola 243 
Indian Queen Hair Dye 243 
Industrial Revolution 77 
Ingenhouz, Jan 198 
Insulin 237 
International Harvester 
Company 120 
lodine 203, 223 
Iron 8, 83, 223 
Irrigation 22 
Island rule 10 
Istanbul 54 
Italy 50 
J 
| Jablochkoff, Paul 86 
| Japanese 332 
HELL'S KITCHEN 
Java 9 
Java Man 8 
Jeejeebhoy, K.N. 237, 247 
Jenner, Edward 83 
Jericho 185 
Jesus 193 
Jews 83 
Jewelry 11 
Johns Hopkins University 142, 340 
Johnson, Edward 96 
Jukebox 97 
Juniper 203 
Juniper ash 203 
Jurassic Age 3 
K 
Kalahari Desert 14 
Kelp 130 
Kellogg, Will Keith 114 
Kellogg, John Harvey 114 
King 36, 42, 67 
King/Drew Hospital 53 
Kitchen 107, 130 
Kitchen drudgery 130, 169 
Kite 61, 75 
Knife diet 279 
Knights of Malta 48 
Knights of Templar 48 
Knights of St. John 48 
Koch, Robert 112 
Komodo dragon 9 
Kruesi, John 96 
Lb 
La Cour, P 128 
Lan, Ma 167 
Langmuir, Irving 116 
Lavoisier, Antoine 271 
Lake Erie 84, 151 
Lascaux Cave 12 
379

380 
Leibnitz, Gottfried 79 
Lepidodendron 4 
Leyden jar 72 
Library of Assurbanipal 33 
License to Kill 144 
Liebig, Justin von 89, 194, 198 
Lifespan 200 
Lightening 74 
Lightening rods 74 
Lind, James 66 
Lithiated lemon (7-Up) 123 
Lithium 203 
Lithotripter 152 
Little Al 90 
Little barley 22 
Little Boy 129 
Lizards 5, 9, 41 
London 47, 58 
Longevity 86, 327 
Low carb diet 264 
Low carlorie diet 263 
Low fat diet 264 
Lunch 293 
Lunin, Nicolai I. 96 
M 
Macadamia nuts 302 
Machine Age 77 
MacPhail, Sir Andrew 143 
Malta 190, 191 
Mammal 23 
Mantoux, Claude 114 
Marinoan glaciation 3 
Mather, Cotton 63 
Maximum lifespan 329 
Meal replacement 284 
Meal replacement diet 284 
Meat 25 
Mecca 42 
Mechanical 77 
Medical miracles 327 
Mellanby, Edward 138 
Menaleus 36 
Mergiletus, Augustus Fridericus 179 
Meridia 156 
Merit Sunshine Stove 110 
Mertz, Walter 236, 246 
Mesopotamia 21, 33 
Metabolic Syndrome 1, 155, 163, 
165) 19252257238 
Metallic Minerals 215 
Middle class 68 
Midwives 49 
Milan, Ohio 92 
Minamata 147 
Minerals 57, 137, 189, 287 
Miu 20 
Mo 185 
Model T 114 
Montpellier 48 
Mormon 331 
Mortuary Cannibalism 10 
Mosul 33 
Mount Rakaposhi 193 
Munchies 175 
Mushrooms 291 
Myrrh 27, 35, 66 
N 
Nasty disposition 24 
National Cancer Institute 152 
Native Americans 202 
Navajo 202 
Neanderthal 11 
Neolithic Age 20 
Neolithic man 20, 29 
Neolithic village 20 
Net carbs 267 
Newcomen, Thomas 79 
Newton, Sir Issac 70, 79 
Nez Perce 229

Nickel 223 
Nigerian Clue 239 
NIH 141, 150, 161 
Nightingale, Florence 50 
Nobel Prize 120, 146, 151 
Norte Chico 31 
Notre Dame 48 
NPK 176, 210, 287 
Nuclear 146 
Nuclear power 146 
Nuts 21, 300 
O 
Obesity 1, 29, 94, 130, 155, 163, 
peo 2 2 bs 221 225, 231, 242 
Oceana 171 
Ohm 100, 104 
Ohm’s Law 100 
Oil 107 
Okinawa 205 
Olive oil 253, 292, 295 
Omelet 290, 291 
Onager 24 
Onions 211, 289, 292 
ORAC 252 
Organ meat 19 
Osler, William 143 
Osteoarthritis 29 
Osteophagia 183 
Osteoporosis 29 
Otzi 29 
Oven 19 
Oxford 48 
Oxygen 6, 28, 82, 223, 271 
P 
Padua 48 
Pagophagia 180 
Paleolithic Period 8 
Palstroff, L. 196 
HELLS KITCHEN 381 
Panacea 36 
Pandora’s box 165 
Panic 25 
Papin, Denis 79 
Paris 50, 47 
Parliament 58 
Pauling, Linus 129, 145, 150, 151 
Pecans 302 
Pearl ash 241 
Pearl Harbor 128 
Peat 6 
Pellagra 34, 134 
Peloponnese 35 
Pemberton, John S. 243 
Pennsylvania 64, 68 
Pennsylvania Militia 68 
Pennsylvania stove 70 
Pepsi Cola 244 
Pepys, Samuel 79 
Pergamon 44 
Pericu 21 
Peripatetic school 44 
Perpetual Wilderness 24 
Permian Period 3 
Pernicious anemia 135 
Pet exercise 277 
pH 116 
Pharaohs 28 
Philosophic dung 195 
Photosynthesis 4, 272, 287 
Phytonutrients 287, 323 
Pica 175, 179, 214, 239, 248 
Pig 23 
Pima Indians 231 
Pinkham, Lydia 97 
Pistachios 302 
Plain Truth 67 
Plums 255 
Points 72 
Potash 83, 198 
Potash fever 83 
Potassium 182 
Potato chips 9, 242

382 
Pre-Cambrian Eon 3 
Printer 62 
Priestly, Joseph 196 
Privateers 68 
Protozoa 336 
Prunes 253 
Pterostilbene 160 
Public works 327 
Purina 200 
Puritanism 63 
Pyruvate 282 
R 
Raisins 253 
Raspberries 253 
Rausing, Ruben 145 
Ready to cook 129 
Recipes 287 
Reichstein, Tadeus 123 
Rice 60 
Rickets 137, 138 
Riots 42 
Robber barons 141 
Rockefeller, John D. 141 
Rohwedder, Otto Frederick 123 
Roman 43, 91 
Rome 43, 91 
Rontgen, Wilhelm Conrad 112 
Root Glass Company 244 
Royal Society 74, 78, 79 
Rubs 316 
Russell, William 51 
Rye 1 
5 
Saccharin 242, 259 
Salads 308 
Salsa 316 
Salt appetite 9, 11, 18, 45, 175, 185, 256 
Salt lick 23 
Sarcopenia 237, 280 
Saturday Evening Post 118 
Scurvy 66, 137, 139 
Sears Catalogue 112 
See Food Diet 268 
Seed 45 
Selenium 138, 153, 252 
Senna 35 
Seven Food Group Diet 169 
Seven Food Group Pyramid 169 
Sewer 327 
Serevent 157 
Shang Dynasty 34 
Shiloh, Battle of 93 
Sigillaria 4 
Silent spring 148 
Silica 182 
Single Fluid Theory 71 
Skinner, Anne 7 
Snack 186, 241 
Social structure 25 
Sodom and Gomorrah 54 
Soho 82 
Solamincome 2. 6.21207 ( 207 
Solar savings account 6, 28 
Soup 311 
Spencer, Archibald 70 
Spina bifida 150 
Splenda 258, 302 
Spontaneous combustion 6 
Srenson, Sren Peter 115 
St. Louis, Missouri 150 
St. Martin, Alexis 84 
Steam engine 77, 79, 103 
Stevia 259 
Stone 11 
Stove 108, 111 
Strite, Charles 118 
Strite’s toaster 118 
Sugar 257 
Sugar alcohols 267 
Sugar substitutes 258 
Sumpweed 22

Sun 2, 28, 102 
Sunflower 22 
Szent - Gyorogyi, A. 122, 139 
a 
Tamarisk 35 
Taming fire 6 
Tarentum 43 
Teasmade 123 
Temple of the Muses 42 
Tennessee Valley Authority 246 
Theophrastus 44 
Thermogenics 273, 283 
Three Ds 134 
Thrombotic disease 338 
Tigris River 33, 185 
Tin 203 
Tin Lizzy 117 
Titicaca 18 
Tomato 211, 289 
Tools 11, 12 
Torque 77 
Tramp telegraph operators 93 
Trans fat 253 
Triassic Period 3 
Triplex Liver Pills 243 
Turkey 247 
eVA. 246 
U 
Underwood Sardines 245 
University of Berlin 142 
University of Chicago 142 
| University of Michigan 14, 142 
| University of Pennsylvania 142 
| Ur 33 
| U.S. Patent No.1 83 
| U.S. Senate Doc. 264 123 
HELLS KITCHEN 383 
V 
Vacuum 79 
Vanadium 203, 223, 247 
Vanderbuilt Cornelius 242 
Van Helmont, Jan Baptista 195 
Vegetables 338 
Vilcabamba 18 
Vin Mariani 243, 244 
Vioxx 156, 160 
Witamins 2076: SOsIZ851355) 
385i > Il 54 
Vitamin Wars 133, 148 
Volunteer plants 18 
Von Wasserman, A. 138 
Voyutsky, S. S. 218 
W 
Wallach, Joel D. 119, 150, 151, 
152, 263, 268 
Wallach, Steve R. 158 
Walnuts 361 
War on Cancer 154 
Water 317 
Waterfowl 21 
Water gates 78 
Watson, James 145 
Watson and Crick 145, 70 
Watt, James 81 
Wheat 19 
White rat 337 
Whitney, Eli 91, 109 
WHO 52 
Wick 62 
Wiegmann, A.F 196 
Wild turkey 21 
Wilkinson, John 82 
Wine 321 
Wine for athletes 243 
Wood 86

384 
Wood ash 8, 17, 58, 62, 83, 99, 
175,179; 189, 195; 1972 210 
World Health Organization 52 
World War II 125 
Wren, Christopher 79 
Xx 
Xanthine 252 
Xanthone 252 
X-ray 112 
af 
Yak 26 
Yankee inventors 91 
Yerkes Primate Research Center 151 
Yew 29 
Vitara) LOS}, AAS 
Ytterbium 203, 223 
Z 
Zeaxanthines 252 
Zheng, Wei 155 
Zhou Dynasty 34 
JA Ne MSWE, PPPS 
Zirconium 223

108 MILLION 
CASSETTES & CD SOLD 
WORLDWIDE 
& COUNTING 
eceive FREE my 
How to prevent and reverse 412 S 95 
diseases with vitamins, minerals 
and herbs 
The alternative health “tell-all” 
that makes medical doctors cringe BONUS! 
Dr. Wallach’s response to his critics One 
Answers to questions raised by ana ht 
“Dead Doctors Don’t Lie” Cassette 
CD Complete current medical Knowledge 
on 77 minerals 
Hardback over 400 pages 
3.5 million casualties (killed and 
wounded) in American 
hospitals each year 
1-800-755-4656 
www.driwallach.com

Let's Play Doctor 
The Book That "Orthodox" Doctors Couldn't Kill - "How to" maximize 
your genetic potential for health and longevity. 
* Become your own primary health 
care provider Let's 
so * Learn The Alternative Healing Arts 
* Establish your own Health Clinic 
* Establish a Home Pharmacy 
* Home Surgery 
$14.95 - 10 or more $8.00 each 
Rare Earths Forbidden Cures Their Secrets of Health and Longevity 
The definitive home reference 
on minerals, mineral deficiencies 
and their relationship to: Salen. 
* Degenerative Diseases : RARE PARTS ” P| * Learning Disabilities . + ti tf ‘Oe 
* Criminal Behavior 
* Birth Defects 
* Addition 
* Food Binges 
* Depression 
* Infertility and More! 
Joct D. Wallach, BF 
. & Ma ee M 
$19.95 - 10 or more $12.00 each 
1-800-755-4656 
www.drjwallach.com

IMMORTALITY The Age Beaters and Their Universal 
Currency for IMMORTALITY 
We all have the 
genetic equipment 
to live healthfully 
well beyond 100. This 
book will guide you 
through with Calorie 
Restriction diet, Min- 
eral supplementa- 
tion, and the impor- 
tance of Arnti- 
oxidants. From the 
authors of "Dead 
Doctors Don't Lie" 
THE AGEBEATERS and Their Ur 
IMMORQALITY 
K & 
$19.95 - 10 or more $12.00 each 
1-800-755-4656 
www.drjwallach.com

LET’S PLAY 
HERBAL DOCTOR 
e Learn about the pharmacologilcal 
roperties of plan herbs. E . 
PL paEY Mg | bets Ploy 
e The history of herbal medicine H E RBAL 
Doctor! e Learn how herbs work 4 fn Semertsns Mewes: Hetil 
e Active constituents of 
medicinal herbs 
e Growing, harvesting, selecting, 
storage and processing of herbs 
$19.95 - 10 or more $12.00 each 
1-800-755-4656 
www.drjwallach.com

PASSPORT TO AROMATHERAPY 
Essential oils or “essences” are highly concentrated volatile oils extracted from 
aromatic plants 
PASSPORT TO 
e Essential oils are legendary AROMATHERAPY 
for their anti-microbial 
properties 
¢ Essential oils are legendary fe orl De WiaRbek, hk, CM, ATE 
aed Dr, Ma Cam, VS, Ld 
eat 
Nageeeti agit eb Sets Byler 
for uplifting the emotions 
$14.95 - 10 or more $8.00 each 
Learn more about essential oils from this book 
1-800-755-4656 
www.drjwallach.com

BLACK GENE LIES 
This book is a landmark expose that shows that the diseases 
of the black population in 
America, that the medical 
community attributes to a 
terrible “Black Gene’’, are in 
fact caused by regional and 
cultural eating habits and 
nutritional deficiencies of trace 
elements that are easily, safely and economically overcome 
by the use of simple nutritional supplement programs and 
herbal remedies 
$19.95 - 10 or more $12.00 each 
1-800-755-4656 
www.drjwallach.com

GOD BLESS AMERICA! 
¢ The epiphany 
¢ American centenarians 
* Medical dogmas/lies 
¢ Health and longevity 
* Weight loss 
* Home defense and 
* anti-terrorism plan 
Cash flow and tax plan 
Longevity recipes 
$14.95 - 10 or more $8.00 each 
WALLach $Treet for kids 
his book is about entrepreneurship, money and business 
or the purpose of educating entrepreneurial kids, teens and 
oung adults opportunities to find a "good jobs" in a chang- 
ig global economy, the obvious direction for entrepreneurs 
to own their business. Ownership is the true measure of 
ower of business 
fir sea feet 
$19.95 - 10 or more $12.00 each 
1-800-755-4656 
www.drjwallach.com

CD001 
CD002 
CD003 
CD004 
CD005 
CD006 
CD007 
CD008 
CD009 
CD010 
CD011 
CD013 
cD014 
CD015 
CD016 
CD017 
CD018 
CD020 
CD030 
CD031 
CD033 
CD034 
CD035 
CD046 
CD047 
CD048 
CD056 
CD057 
CD058 
CD059 
CD 067 
CD028 
CD028 
CD032 
CD051 
CD052 
CD053 
CD 066 
CD068 
Audio CDs 
Dead Doctors Don't Lie 
DDDL in Chinese, Korean,Spanish Japanese 
Trust me, | am a Doctor 
Good Doctor, Bad Doctor 
Live Doctors Do Lie 
Medical Dogmas & Lies 
Medical Milking Machine 
What's Up Doc Il 
Women,Athletes and Children 
Medical Mouse Trap 
The Best of Dead Doctors Don't Lie 
Hell's Kitchen 
God's Recipe 
$10 Path to Financial Freedom 
Ferret Fat Pak 101 
Live Free or Die 
Healthier and Longer Life 
Dial MD for Murder 
Truth is Forever 
HE Has the Power to Heal 
WBA and Youngevity Opportunity 
Black Gene Lies | 
Black Gene Lies II 
Dead Athletes Don't Lie 
H5N1 Bird Flu 
Deadly Recipe 
Until Death Do Us Part 
Energy Crisis 
Get your ACT together 
New Best of DDDL 
From Here to Immortality 
The origiinal tape that started it all 
Dr.Wallach's 1996 health lecture series 
Dr.Wallach's 1997 health lecture series 
Dr.Wallach's 2000 health lecture series 
Dr.Wallach's 2000 health lecture series 
Health Products Information 
Menopause, ADHD and Athletes,2003 
Dr.Wallach's lecture on Doctor's continue eduction 
combination of DDDL I,Il and III 
Dr.Wallach's 2004 health lecture series 
Health alternative to Ritalin 
How to get your Youngevity products for free 
Weight loss product 
Jonathan Emord 
Dr.Wallach's 2004 health lecture series 
Christian Songs by Dee Stocks 
Christian Songs by Dee Stocks 
Dr.Wallach interviewed by Leroy MacMath -Athlete 
physical and financial health 
interviewed by Herbalist Dirk Twine - the top killer 
diseases of African American 
Dr.Wallach's lecture at World Changers Men's 
fellowship in Atlanta, GA 
Dr.Ma Lan 
Outline information of Dr.Wallach's lectures 
History on energy boost 
Steve Wallach 
With 25 questions and answers 
Dr.Wallach 
order 1-10:$3.00/each, 11-20: $2.00/each, 50 and more: $1.00/each 
personalized CD label is available for minimum of 50 CD order. 
Other CDs 
Selenium 
Seeing is believing 
Quality,Quality 
Foundation for Success 
Three Health Freedom Warriors 
Juice Cures 
Who Made MD King? 
Healing is Easy 
Dr.Gerhard Schrauzer 
Dr.Pugh 
Richard Renton 
Richard Stocks 
Dr.Wallach, Martin Luther King III Jonathan Emord 
Jay Kordich 
Dr.Peter Glidden 
Dr. Peter Glidden

DVDs 
order 1-9 order 10 
DVDOO1 Let's Talk Minerals $12.95 $7.00 
DVD002 Have You Heard $12.95 $7.00 
DVD003 Youngevity Skin Care Training $10.00 $7.00 
DVD005 Is It Possible to Reverse Aging (HGH) $10.00 $7.00 
DVDO006 This Land Is Leached Land $12.95 $8.00 
DVD007 Take it Off, Keep it Off $12.95 $8.00 
DVD008 Undoing of Disease $12.95 $8.00 
DVDO009 Live Long and Prosper $12.95 $8.00 
DVD012 Mineral Story $12.95 $8.00 
DVD013 Y factor $10.00 $7.00 
DVD014 Dead Doctors Don't Lie $12.95 8.00 
DVDO015 Mineral Basics $12.95 $8.00 
AUDIO CASSETTES 
AC001 Dead Doctors Don't Lie ACO11_ The Best of DDDL 
AcO02 DDD Lisranish.chinese saPanese, KOREAN) ACO12 Attack on American 91141&2 
ACO0O3 Trust me,|I'm a Doctor Ac013_ Hell's Kitchen 
AC005_ Live Doctors Do Lie ACO14 Tomato Warning 
ACO006 Medical Dogmas & Lies AC0O15 Ferret Fat Pack 101 
AC007 Medical Milking Machine AC0O16 Healthier & Longer Life 
AC008 What's Up Doc? ACO18 Noni 
AC0O09 Women, Athletes & Children AC020 Have you heard 
ACO10 Medical Mouse Trap 
$1.00/each

LISTEN TO DR.WALLACH'S RADIO SHOW 
Talk to Dr.Wallach live on Weekdays on 
his Radio Programs: 
“Dead Doctors Don't Lie" 
Toll free 888-379-2552 
Priority line: 831-685-1080 
Live 12:00 noon - 1:00 pm Pacific Time 
“Let’s Play Doctor" 
Toll free: 877-912-7529 
Live 1:00 pm - 2:00 pm Pacific Time 
Listen to Dr.Wallach's radio show on line 
www.kscoradio.com 
click on: "pod cast" 
click on: "Dead Doctors Don't Lie"

i

“Eating as an art is very 
old, but as a science, very 
young.” 
-Charles G. King, 
Prof. of Chemistry 
Columbia University 
ISBN 0O-9748581-1-0 
9"780974"85811 7