# THE AGEBEATERS and Their Universal Currency for IMMORTALITY
# by Dr. Joel D. Wallach BS DVM ND (Author), Dr. Ma Lan MD MS Lac (Author), Dr. JD Wallach (Editor, Illustrator) 
# OCR transcription from archive.org BookReader screenshots.
# Tesseract 4.1 --psm 3.  254 source pages, 1 intentional skip (Screenshot 235).
# Per-page markers: ===== Screenshot (N) =====

===== Screenshot (2) =====

Dr. Joel D. Wallach, Bs, DVM. ND
Dr. Ma.Lan, MD,MS.LAc |

===== Screenshot (3) =====
Pe UEC RUE Sera OTT Otic omoe

IMMORTALITY

Dea om OMA Pulcrote CALAN

Dr. Ma,Lan, MD, MS.LAc | A iit

===== Screenshot (4) =====
 


Immortality

THE AGE BEATERS and Their
Universal Currency for

IMMORTALITY

Dr. Joel D. Wallach, BS, DVM, ND
and

Ma Lan, MD, MS, Lac

===== Screenshot (5) =====
Immortality
Immortality

 

Library of Congress Cataloging in Publications Data
ant, Table of Contents
1. Longevity 2. Centenarians 3. Great Leap Forward
4. Vilcabamba 5. Titicaca 6. Chinese 7. Tibet

8. Hunza 9. Okinawa 10. Costa Rica 11. Nicoya

12. Wood ashes 13. Rice straw ash 14. Peat ash

15. Aging 16. Fire 17. Manufactured soil 18. Sardinia
19. Antioxidants 20. Calorie Restricted Diet

21. Essential Nutrients

About the Authors i

Introduction V

Part 1: The Aging Process

Chapter1 Aging D
The Age Beaters and Their Universal Currency for Chapter2 Regulating Life Span 16
IMMORTALITY
Chapter3 Without Malnutrition 36
First Edition, 2008
Second Edition, 2011 Chapter4 Essential Nutrients 47
© 2008 by Dr. Joel Wallach, Dr. Ma Lan and Wellness Chapter5 Minerals - The Staff of Life 78
Publications LLC
All Rights Reserved
ISBN: 0974858161 Part 2: The Currency of Life
No Part of this book may be copied or published in any form Chapter6 The Currency of Life 229
without written consent of the authors and publisher.
Chapter 7 Our Food is Anemic 255
Printed and Published by Wellness Publications LLC
P.O. Box 1222, Bonita, CA 91908 Chapter 8 Pica, Salt Hunger & Basic Drive 260
www.drjwallach.com
Chapter9 The Energy Crisis 268
1-800-755-4656 USA and Canada
1-619-420-2435 local and international Chapter10 The Fuel Revolution 283

===== Screenshot (6) =====
Immortality

 

Part 3: The Age Beaters

Chapter11 The Age Beaters

Part 4: The Currency of the Age Beaters
Chapter 12 The Common Threads of Anti-Aging
Chapter 13 _ Religious Dietary Practices
References

Index

292

376

426

441

461

Immortality

 

Acknowledgements

Electronic research was critical to finding the
necessary materials, old and new, to bring IMMORTALITY
to life - to this end the efforts of Steve Wallach, John Taylor,
Char Murphy, Margie Hatzinger were indispensable. Vince
Merasigan, Vennessa Hunter, Michelle Wallach and Brian
Davis were important in bringing life to the original cover
design concept.

Weare also greatful for the scientific reviews, comments

and additions to Immortality by Dr. Gerhard Schrauzer, PhD
and Dr. Edmond DeVroey, MD.

Dedication

To the centinarians of the world, past, current and
future!

===== Screenshot (7) =====
Immortality

Additional Reading:

Let’s Play Doctor - 1989
RARE EARTHS: forbidden cures* - 1994
Dead Doctors Don’t Lie - 1997
Let’s Play Herbal Doctor - 2000
God Bless America* - 2001
Hell’s Kitchen* - 2005
Passport to Aromatherapy - 2005
Black Gene Lies - 2007
Energy Crisis - 2007
* longevity & immortality specific
Wellness Publications, LLC.
1-800-755-4656
1-619-420-2435

www.drjwallach

Immortality i

 

About the Authors

Dr. Joel D. Wallach, BS, DVM, ND

 

Dr. Wallach has been involved in biomedical research
and clinical medicine for more than 50 years. He received
his B.S. degree (agriculture) from the University of Missouri
with a major in animal husbandry (nutrition) and a minor
in field crops and soils; D.V.M. (doctorate in veterinary
medicine) from the University of Missouri; three year post
doctoral fellowship (comparative pathology/ medicine) from
Washington University, St. Louis, MO - The Center for the
Biology of Natural Systems (the St. Louis Zoological Gardens,
Shaw’s Botanical Gardens, Botany Department, Washington
University); Iowa State University (Department of Pathology
and the State Diagnostic Laboratory), Ames, IA; Natal
Parks Board, Umfolozi and Hluhluwe Game Parks, Natal,
Republic of South Africa (Operation Rhino: Conservation of
the Southern White Rhino - project veterinarian and capture
officer); Southern Rhodesia (Zimbabwe), Wanke Game
Park (Operation Elephant - consulting capture officer);St.
Louis Zoological Gardens; The Chicago Zoological Gardens
(Brookfield Zoo); Shedd Aquarium, Chicago, IL; Yerkes
Regional Primate Research Center, Emory University, Atlanta,
GA; N.D. (naturopathic physician)from the National College
of Naturopathic Medicine, Portland, OR; Harbin Medical
University, Harbin, Hei Long Jiang and the Shanghai Medical
University, Peoples Republic of China.

He was a member of NIH site visit teams for facilities
using exotic animal models for the study of human diseases
for four years and was a member of the 1968 National

===== Screenshot (8) =====
ii Immortality

a

Science Foundation ad hoc committee that authored the 1968
Animal Welfare Act (humane housing, nutrition and care of
laboratory and captive exotic species); a professor of nutrition
at the National College of Naturopathic Medicine, Portland,
OR; and a Consulting Professor of Medicine, ! farbin Medical
University, Harbin, Hei Long Jiang and the Shanghai Medical
University, People’s Republic of China.

Dr. Wallach has been the physician for university,
amature, semiprofessional and professional athletes including
those in the NBA, boxing, arena football, runners, cyclists,
body builders and power lifters.

"Dr. Wallach has appeared as an expert witness in State
and Federal Courts as a comparative pathologist.

Dr. Wallach attained the rank of Lieutenant Colonel
in the Missouri Air National Guard (131st Tactical Hospital),
known as “Lindberg’s Own,” and the Alaska Air Reserve
with responsibilities in public health and for the prevention
and clean up of nuclear, biological and chemical attacks in
North America and Europe.

Dr. Wallach was a recipient of the Wooster Beach Gold
Medal Award (Association of Eclectic Physicians) for a
significant breakthrough in the basic understanding of the
cause and pathophysiology of Cystic Fibrosis. Dr. Wallach was
nominated for the 1991 Nobel Prize in Medicine (Association
of Eclectic Physicians) for his work in the understanding of
the genesis and pathophysiology of Cystic Fibrosis.

Dr. Wallach received the 2004 Guardian of the
Constitution Award (Emord & Assoc.) for his proactive and
successful litigation efforts in obtaining nutrition claims from
the FDA for Seleniumand Omega 3 essential fatty acids. He also
received the 2004 James Lind Scientific Achievement Award
(Emord & Assoc.) for “brilliant discoveries that have paved
the way for greater heath and longevity” for Americans.

Dr. Wallach has appeared frequently on local, national
network and public radio and television (including a special
on Cystic Fibrosis with ABC’s 20/20), Fox News (The Morning

Immortality iii

 

Show) regional and national talk radio programs (The Alan
Combs Show) as an expert on health, longevity and trace
mineral and rare earth deficiency diseases. Dr. Wallach is the
host of his own syndicated talk radio show programs (Dead
Doctors Don’t Lie and Let’s Play Doctor) on more than 100
stations since 1996. Because of his freewheeling style of humor
and ability to zero in on the basic truth in health problems and
medical politics, he is widely known as the “Rush Limbaugh”
of alternative health.

Dr. Wallach has given an average of 300 free health
lectures per year for more than 17 years, literally reaching
millions of enthusiastic fans. His audio cassette tape (now
CD), Dead Doctors Don’t Lie (translated into eight languages)
has sold more than 83 million copies world wide.

Dr. Wallach has more than 70 peer reviewed/referreed
publications to his credit including a major reference, The
Diseases of Exotic Animals - published by W.B.Saunders.
This 1,000 page illustrated text is listed by the Smithsonian
Institute as, “A recommended reference for all professional
zoological parks and aquariums.”

===== Screenshot (9) =====
iv Immortality

Dr. Ma Lan, MD, MS, Lac

Dr. Ma Lan was educated in the Peoples Republic of
China. Dr. Ma Lan received her MD (medical degree)from the
Beijing Medical University; took her residency at the People’s
Hospital, Beijing and was staff surgeon at the Canton Air
Force Hospital; she received her MS (Master of Science)
in transplantation immunology from Zhongshan Medical
University, Canton, Peoples Republic of China; as with
all Chinese doctors, Dr. Ma Lan was trained in Traditional
Chinese Medicine (i.e.- acupuncture, herbs, manipulation,
food medicine, massage and hydrotherapy) prior to entering
the Western-style medical schools.

Dr. Ma Lan has been involved in biomedical research
and clinical medicine for more than 44 years, her research
credits include being an exchange scholar in microsurgery at
Harvard School of Medicine, Boston, MA; a research fellow
in laser microsurgery at St. Joseph Hospital, Houston, TX;
the Department of orthopedic Surgery, the Medical College
of Wisconsin, Milwaukee, WI; and the Department of
Pharmacology, University of California, San Diego, CA.

Dr. Ma Lan has ten peer review publications to her
credit in the fields of transplant immunology, pathology and
laser vascular surgery and has co-authored nine best-selling
books on the subjects of alternative health with Dr. Wallach.

Dr. Ma Lan attained the rank of Lieutenant in the
Chinese Air Force with primary responsibilities as a general
surgeon in the Canton Air Force Hospital, People’s Republic
of China.

Immortality Vv

 

Introduction

In the great scheme of things, the quest for a long
and healthful life is a relatively new goal for humans. In the
beginning, humans didn’t know how long they could live,
there were no bench marks or records or living examples -
getting food, satisfying a salt hunger and survival itself were
the universal drives of life.

We do know now, without a doubt, that humans can
and do live well beyond 100 years of age - centenarians - the
old ones; and super-centenarians older than 110 years are not
that uncommon. ;

While in fact, we all have the genetic equipment to live
healthfully well beyond 100 - consciously getting there today
for the majority, however, requires a profound commitment
to a time proven system, and a daily call to focused action
- becoming a centenarian is a matter of proven, universal,
proactive, yet simple choices and actions.

Most centenarians in the “Blue Zones” throughout
the world get there without any conscious effort - in effect
they get into the centenarian club by simply “falling off the
turnip truck.” They become centenarians because of where
they live and because of successful cultural practices that
have been developed and perfected by trial and error over
the millennium.

When centenarians or super-centenarians are asked for
their sage wisdom on how they got to be 100 years of age, it is
quite obvious they themselves don’t know - they will answer
the ultimate, scientific, deep and thoughtful question with a
quaint response such as, “have a good sense of humor,” or

s

===== Screenshot (10) =====
vi Immortality

“think good thoughts every day,” or “love everyone,” or
“keep moving.”

Becoming a centenarian is not related to “having a good
sense of humor” or to an accident of “good genes” - we now
know, reaching 100 years of age is a by-product of something
else - a collection of four simple, universal, repeatable, daily
habits and endeavors, many of which on the surface, are
seemingly meaningless and unrelated to each other, our
health and longevity, and yet they hold the unforgiving key
to IMMORTALITY.

Unfortunately, we Americans and people of other
industrialized nations, with an almost religious fervor,
believe that their doctors, “break through” pharmaceuticals
and comprehensive health plans will get us healthfully into
the centenarian club - yet, despite spending three quarters
of the world’s annual expenditure for health care, according
to the CDC and the WHO, we Americans ranked a dismal
48th in the world for health and longevity in 2008 - hardly
a testimony of support for the continuation of this level of
financial commitment or to our current medical beliefs. Albert
Einstein said many things, however, one of his most profound
observations says, “Insanity is doing the same thing over and
over and expecting a different outcome.”

This blind, and unjustified faith in the “medical system”
has cost us untold misery, early death, and unspeakable
amounts of money and in the end, our very way of life -
Americans are universally sick with cardiovascular disease,
obesity, diabetes, and arthritis; and the “American Dream”
(millions of our manufacturing, assembly and “IT” jobs have
left the country because of the outrageous cost of health care
benefits for employees) of owning your own home, now
seems beyond the average persons grasp - many of those who
did get variable mortgages and subprime loans during the
housing boom of the early 21st century have become perfect
victims in a “perfect storm.”

Immortality vii

It is ironic that the people of Andora, a small western
European country, are the longest lived people of the
industrialized world in 2008 and that some third world
countries have as many as 1:500 centenarians without access
to healthcare, while we Americans and other high-tech
industrialized nations with health care programs running out
of our ears, have only 1:5,000-10,000 centenarians - why do
they have up to 20 times the number of centenarians that we
do, after all we are dedicated to following the instructions of
our highly trained primary care physicians and specialists,
and the use of pharmaceuticals and surgery - aren’t we!

On the surface and to the casual observer, the countries,
cultures and subcultures with a high average life span and
high rates of centenarians seem vastly different from one
another - what on earth can the Okinawans have in common
with the Sardinians, Yao people, Hunzas, Georgians, Symiots,
Campodimelani, Costa Ricans, Vilcabamba, Titicaca, Seventh
Day Adventists and Mormons?

The secret of becoming a centenarian is “hidden” in
plain view! The epiphany revealed in IMMORTALITY, is a
compilation of the life’s work (94 years between the two of us)
of two physicians from separate worlds - China and America.

Between us we have traveled and studied the cultures,
diets, health practices, diseases (20,000 autopsies - 17,500 on
more than 400 species of captive wild zoo species and 3,000
humans) and the daily lives of the Chinese, Americans (all 50
states and the territories of Guam, the American Virgin Islands
and Puerto Rico), Canadians, Australians, New Zealanders,
Japanese, Okinawa, Mexico, Peru, Italy, Greece, South Africa,
East Africa, Central Africa, Israelis, England, Switzerland,
Denmark, Holland, Germany, Eastern Europe and the Balkan
states.

In IMMORTALITY, the two of us view health, life,
longevity, diseaseand deaththroughtheeyesandunderstanding
ofa farmer, animal and human nutrition, soil and plant nutrition
and chemistry, veterinarian, primary care physician, surgeon,

===== Screenshot (11) =====
vill Immortality

Chinese Traditional Medicine and pathologist - this is the first
time in history and human endeavor that these crafts, trades
and professions have come together under one roof to solve the
mysteries of the “centenarian club” and uncover the universal
currency of the age beaters.

Although markedly different in culture, tradition, diet
and dress, every human society from the simple primitive
band of a few dozen members to the great populations of
millions in large city states and vast countries share a common
thread that predictably, as predictable as gravity, produces
age beaters and centenarians - in effect IMMORTALITY!

This humble stuff, required by all who would become
a centenarian, was first employed by humans in a conscious
proactive way between 50,000 and 200,000 years ago. The use
of this byproduct of daily living changed the paths of human
culture so profoundly, so dramatically, that Jared Diamond, a
professor at the University of California describes this period
as “The Great Leap Forward.”

What makes “The Great Leap Forward” interesting is
that Professor Diamond, himself, never identified the stuff
that created the “Great Leap” - he theorized that the Great
Leap was produced by a perfection of the vocal cords “that
resulted in the ability to communicate better and pass on
information to the next generation.”

The universal stuff that brought humans the ability to
fulfill their genetic potential for living to be 100 years of age
was not that glamorous - no, it wasn’t a new and improved
larynx, nor was it the steam engine or electricity - it was the
humble plant minerals that were derived the ashes of carbon
fuel (wood, peat, rice straw, kelp, manure, etc.).

Ashes from carbon fuels, in their purist form are not
carbon, but rather they are a snow white collection of minerals
that the plant sucked up from the soil and sea water and were
the minerals that were left behind as heating and cooking fires
consumed the stored carbon or “solar currency” in the fuel.

Technology, starting with the Industrial Revolution,

Immortality ix

 

commercial use of fossil fuels, steam power and eventually the
universal employment of electricity, natural gas and propane
has been on one hand a plus for the greater human good and
the advancement of technology. However - there are always
unintended consequences!

Niether during the switch from wood as the universal
fuel to electricity, nor after words did anyone (doctor or
politician) say, “we no longer have easy or unconscious access
to traditional sources of plant minerals required for healthy
human and animal life and as a result we must supplement
with all of the known essential minerals.”

Asaresult of this historical failing to warn us, we moved
almost instantly from our historic and deep relationship with
the Earth and plant ashes (plant minerals) as a rich source of
nutritional minerals to a nutritional mineral vacuum.

In the case of health and longevity, we Americans have
been thrown under the bus by medical dogma (i.e.- “you can get
everything you need just by eating the four food groups” and
following “the principals of the seven food group pyramid”).

The epiphany is that today’s apple, bread and vegetable
are not the same as your grandfather’s apple, bread and
vegetable! Yes, in our industrialized world we produce more
tons and bushels of food than ever before, we feed billions of
people around the world with empty calories, however, a basic
ingredient in the modern process of farming, food production
and preparation - minerals - are no longer available in either
the proper spectrum or in optimal quantities - they are not
a self renewing resource and are today universally missing
from the human diet in the industrialized world!

The missing ingredient, plant minerals, was at one time
in history a universal and basic by-product of daily life. We
burned wood and other carbon fuels for heat, cooking and
light. We know specifically, that at 3:00 p.m. in the afternoon
on Monday September 4, 1882, that hundreds of thousands
of years of basking in and improving in the benefits of “The
Great Leap Forward” slowed, stalled and came to an end as

===== Screenshot (12) =====
x Immortality

the source of our “Great Leap” dried up.

This moment in September 1882, is the time and date
on which Thomas Edison and his chief electrical technician,
Johnathan Liebs, pulled the switch to start up the world’s
first commercial electric generating plant. It was located
on Pearl Street, on a bluff, in New York City overlooking
the construction of the Brooklyn Bridge - wood, peat, kelp,
straw, manure, etc., the historic universal sources of fuel, our
historical source of the essential plant minerals for garden
fertilizer and human and animal nutrition (culinary ashes)
from the beginning of time, in the form of wood and plant ash
for all humans was now on the path to oblivion - the period
we've come to call “The Great Slide Backwards” began.

According to Dan Buettner, author of The Blue Zone,
demographer S. Jay Olshansky, University of Illinois at
Chicago, and his band of “50 of the world’s top longevity
experts” released a position paper in 2002 to be “as blunt as
they could fashion it...to squash charlatans forever.”

' The self-anointed Olshansky group stated, “Our
language on this matter must be unambiguous. There are no
lifestyle changes, surgical procedures, vitamins, antioxidants,
hormones, or techniques of genetic engineering available
today that have been demonstrated to influence the processes
of aging.”

If you take the Olshansky position paper literally, they,
were quite correct, however, they left out Calorie Restricted diets
and plant minerals. You cannot effectively use any nutrients,
phytonutrients or raw materials physiologically without
mineral cofactors - even oxygen and water are unavailable to
you at the cellular level without mineral cofactors!

The people found in most of the “Blue Zones” of
the world live in remote and poor environments, they
unconsciously subsist on environmentally imposed Calorie
Restricted diets of about 1,200 to 1,500 calories per day,
consume large quantities of antioxidant foods and drink
(coffee, green tea, chocolate, wines, fruit, sweet potatoes, kelp

Immortality xi

 

and vegetables) and consciously and proactively use multiple
sources of minerals, including flood silt, dust compost,
“Glacial Milk,” plant mineral supplements (wood ash, kelp
ash, peat ash, rice straw ash, manure ash, etc.) in their food as
culinary ashes and in their gardens and terraces as fertilizer
from wood, peat, kelp, rice straw and manure ash!

Wood ashes, peat moss ash, rice straw ash, kelp ash
and animal manure ash were the universal historic sources
of fertilizer and nutritional plant minerals for humans and
animals - and they still are employed in what Buettner calls
the “Blue Zones!”

In countries where cultural cooking with wood, peat,
rice straw, kelp and manure, the environmentally imposed
and common use of Calorie Restricted diets is common
and the daily consumption of serious levels of antioxidants
still prevails, the greater concentrations and numbers of
centenarians are found.

To maximize your chances of reaching the status of
a centenarian in our modern high-tech world YOU are now
obligated to consume a Calorie Restricted diet, consciously
supplement with plant minerals, as wood ash per se is no
longer commonly available to fertilize our gardens or add to
our food as “culinary ashes” and consume large quantities
of high grade antioxidants each day.

Read on! The wood ash/plant mineral epiphany, the
CR diet and the consumption of antioxidants as the path
to being in the centenarian club is so clear, that if you can
read the fifth grade reading level and you can bake perfect
oatmeal cookies from a recipe, you will personally begin to
supplement with plant minerals, cut your caloric intake and
guzzle antioxidants before you finish the pages of this book!

Dr. Joel D. Wallach & Dr. Ma Lan

===== Screenshot (13) =====

 

 

 

Part 1

The Aging Process

“Everything that will happen to you today is the
result of every choice you have made in the past.”

Dr. Albert Schweitzer

===== Screenshot (14) =====

 

Chapter 1

“In a sense the human species is immortal. We as
individuals are not. We age and die. But some of the cells
in our body are part of a stream of cells we call the germ
line, or the reproductive lineage itself, and they have been
proliferating since life began on the planet. They don’t
know what death is.”

Dr. Michael West, 2008
Biology visionary

Aging

In 1914, there was enough knowledge regarding the
need for vitamins and minerals for optimal health, maximum
productionand maximum longevity, that dozens of nutritional
companies sprang up that produced nutrient enriched feeds
for livestock. One such company was Purina Mills of St. Louis,
MO.

The use of vitamins and minerals in livestock feeds
became commonplace to increase survival, fertility, production
(more babies, meat, milk and eggs per pound of feed) and to
prevent and reverse diseases. Vitamins, minerals, amino acids
and essential fatty acids were added as a complete package
or “pre-mix” to pellets comprised of alfalfa, corn, soybeans,
wheat, oats and beet pulp.


 

To improve the efficiency of the enriched feeds and to
prevent the animals from sorting through the feed mix and
eating only what they preferred, the ration, the mix of grain,
hay, beans and vitamin-mineral premix was compressed
into uniform sized and nutritionally homogenous pellets.
Today, there are pelletized rations for laboratory animals of
all species, for pet animals of all species and for farm animals
of every species.

Over the years, this pelletized ration system was
perfected and became so universally successful, that their
use resulted in the elimination of (the prevention and cure of)
as many as 900 different diseases in animals that still plague
humans in 2008, and these dietary formulas have doubled and
quadrupled the life spans of all animal species in the home,
the farm, the laboratory and the zoological park!

This miraculous health and longevity benefit was
not due to the use of wonder drugs, genetically engineered
proteins, stem cells or organ transplants - these health and
longevity benefits were simply the result of the application
of nutritional science - complete nutrition in a pellet - what
a concept! Agricultural scientists were not going to let the
chicken’s food choices or cow’s food choices affect their own
health or the farmer’s production or income.

Sixty years ago, an “old dog” was ten years old, today an
“old dog” is 25 years of age; 100 years ago an old rat was three
to four years old, today an old rat is five to six years of age.
These gerontological miracles of more than doubling the life
spans of dogs, rats and other species was not engineered with
good organically grown food, exercise, genetically engineered
proteins, stem cell injections, pharmaceuticals, organ
transplants or bionic implants - this gerontological miracle
of eliminating disease and more than doubling life spans
in animals was brought about by simply adding vitamins,
minerals, trace minerals, rare earths, essential fatty acids,
amino acids and antioxidants to a commercially prepared diet
of alfalfa pellets or dog food - simply described as “lab chow”

===== Screenshot (15) =====

 

or “dog food.”
Dog food and lab animal chow formulations, for the

cost of only a few billion dollars over a period of 75 years,
solved the longev ity riddle in two ways:

1) providing all known essential nutrients in every
mouthful consumed, at every meal, every day.

2) providing all known essential nutrients at levels

sufficient to eliminate or significantly reduce the risks
of disabling, chronic, degenerative diseases and fatal
birth defects.

Since 1964, we have been on a quest to translate this
longevity miracle produced by nutrient enhanced “lab chow”
i dog food,” into an identical plan for humans.

After 44 years of implementation of our beliefs with
human patients, we have become quite adeptat accomplishing
this science-based goal in practical every day life situations
for literally millions of people every day.

and

Gilgamesh

The oldest known story relating to the active search for
the secrets of longevity is the 5,000 year old saga of Gilgamesh,
the Sumarian King from Uruk, who along with Enkidu, a good
friend and the general of his armies, decided they would live
forever.

When Enkidu, the king’s friend and general died
suddenly of disease in the mid-years of his life, Gilgamesh
panicke d and decided to put all of his fortune and energies
‘do or die search for eternal youth and immortality.”
Gilgamesh climbed to the tops of the highest mountains,

into a’


 

searched the dense forests and dove deep into the depths of
rivers and oceans in his legendary, frantic and fanatical search
for youth, longevity and immortality.

Gilgamesh was originally regarded as a gerontological
myth until the discovery of 12 ancient clay tablets that
archeologists determined to be 5,000 years old. Pieced together
after their discovery in the ancient city of Sumar, the tablets
confirmed that Gilgamesh was in fact a king, adventurer
and hero of his times who led a great quest for the “key to
immortality” - he called for a “revolt against death itself!!”

As the legend goes, Gilgamesh eventually and
heroically found a wise old man in the high mountains, who
spoke of a fragrant flower that “looked like a buckthorn and
prickled like a rose.”

The wise prophet shared with Gilgamesh that the plant
could be found at the floor of the world’s deepest sea, and by
coming into possession of this plant and tasting it, one could
regain their youth.

Gilgamesh located the life preserving and longevity
promoting plant, however, before he could eat sufficient
quantities of it to rejuvenate himself, it was stolen from him
by a serpent seeking a new skin.

Was this anti-aging plant a form of kelp or sea vegetable
that contained significant amounts of plant minerals and
antioxidants?

Chronological Age

Certainly each of us appreciates the reality of
chronological age, the period of existence of a person or age
arranged according to irreversible sequences of time.

Chronological aging is as predictable as gravity. When
you are 75 years old you are in fact 75 years old. There are 365

===== Screenshot (16) =====
EEE

 

days per year X 75 years which ¢ >quals 27,375 days. When you
are 100 years old you are in fact 36,500 days old, ete.

E hronological numbers cannot be altered, they
irreversible, when you are 75 years old you are 27,375 days
days old - the

are

old; when you are 100 years old you are 36,500
math works!

Cosmetics, face lifts, derm-abrasion, Botox injections,
breast enhancement, tummy-tucks and liposuction can make
people look ten to 25 years younger, you will feel better about
yourself, however, none of these procedures will add ten
years of chronological time to your life, help you attain your
genetic potential for longevity, prevent or cure chronic and
degenerative diseases - essentially, cosmetics and “plastic
procedures alone, without a complete fitness and
nutrition program, are the equivalent of putting a classy new
paint job on a 50 year old rusted out and poorly maintained
worn out car - why not have it all, why not do both - go for it,
do the non-toxic and non-invassive beauty practices and the
nutrition program?

From and _ the
accumulation of data from sources ranging from the Census

Surgery”

experience, personal observation
Bureau, Centers for Disease Control, to medical journals, we
know that with the passing of time and without conscious
effort and intervention, the risk and probability of falling
victim to disease, disability and death increases unless you
intervene as early and as proactively as possible!

Biological Aging

Biological aging, when compared to chronological
is another matter. Biological aging, uninterrupted,
is a progressive time-related breakdown in an organism's
ability to respond, alter and adapt to its internal and external

aging


eee ee

environment.

The result of uninterrupted biological aging is as
predictable as gravity - you will die long before your genetic
capacity for longevity and that your last months and years
will be miserable, painful and in industrialized societies very,
very costly!

Just having “good genes” and a grandmother who
lived to be 103 years of age is not enough - it only tells you
that you have the possibility of getting there - but only if you
do everything right!

Theories of Biological Aging

There are two basic theories that attempt to explain the
process of biological aging - 1) genetic and 2) stochastic.

Genetic Theory

All human beings have the genetic equipment and
therefore the capacity to live well past 100 years of age - it
doesn’t matter if everyone in your family died at age 35 years
of age, you, as an individual, with conscious effort, can still
live beyond 100 years of age.

Conversely, if all your relatives lived to be older than
110 years of age, you are not quaranteed to get there yourself,
unless YOU do everything right!

In general, genetics give no guarantee or warrantee that
one will live to be 100 years of age, run a hundred meters in
nine seconds, reach seven feet in height if you don’t do your
part! You as a human being are given a “genetic potential” for
health, performance and longevity that can only be completely

===== Screenshot (17) =====
le wane fe ee ee Oe

achieved with an extraordinary and proactive effort.

The genetic potential in all cases imposes an upper
limit - W hile many biblical prophets are credited with life
spans of almost 1,000 years, it is highly improbable, however,
that humans can live to be 5,000 years of age.

Age of the Biblical Patriarchs at Their Time of Death

 

Before the Flood

 

Adam 930
Seth 912
Enos 905
Cainan 910
Makalaleel 895
Jared 962
Methuselah 969
Lamech Tih
Noah 950

 

After the Flood

 

Shem 600
Arphaxad 436
Salah 433
Eber 464
Peleg 239
Reu 239
Serug 230

 

Nahor 148
Terah 205
Abram 175
Isaac 180
Jacob 147

 

To maximize the fulfillment of your genetic potential
for health and longevity, you must avoid the land mines
(don’t smoke, don’t participate in destructive behavior, don’t
eat fried foods, etc.), and you must ensure that you will
provide your spiritual self, your physiological self, and your
physical self with all the raw materials (with an emphasis on
plant minerals and antioxidants) necessary to maximize and
fulfill your genetic potentials for health, height, performance
and longevity, you must embrace a Calorie Restricted diet -
You and You alone are the gate keeper to this potential!

Given the knowledge of health and longevity, the
average age of peoples in the industrialized world should
be somewhere between 95 and 100 years of age. However,
the average age of those living in the industrialized world
is somewhere around 75 years of age (give or take five
years), in fact 20 to 25 years short of our genetic potential for
longevity.

In a CDC (Atlanta, GA) and WHO survey in 1990,
Americans ranked 17th in the world in longevity; in the year
2000 Americans dropped in ranking to 24th in longevity; and
in 2005, Americans dropped in ranking again to a pitiful 46th,
and in 2008 Americans again dropped to 48th in the world
when it comes to health and longevity.

With a population of 300 million, Americans are the
third largest population in the world behind only number
one, China with a population of 1.8 billion and number two,
India with a population of 1 billion.

===== Screenshot (18) =====

ESSE

Americans spend three quarters ($2.3 trillion) of the
world’s (193 nations) annual expenditure for health care
($2.7 trillion) and it is obvious, even to the casual observer,
that whatever we’re doing isn’t working - we are leaving out
essential ingredients of the recipe!

In June 2008, four months of longevity was added to
the American average as a result of a dramatic drop in new
cases of life threatening diseases (not better treatments after
diagnosis)! This health and longevity benefit was not the
result of anything that doctors or pharmaceutical companies
had done, on the contrary, the unexpected benefit was the
result of a general and self prescribed increase in the use of
vitamins, minerals and antioxidants by the American public
- Americans had finally revolted, against the advice of their
doctors, they had decided to intervene on their own behalf
and supplement with two of the three longevity factors!

Studies employing identical (monozygotic-one egg/
one sperm) twins show that, their life spans are on average
within three years of each other. Fraternal twins (dizygotic—two eggs/two sperm) have a much wider disparity in genetic
make up and life spans.

Experts of human aging estimate,
however, that less than 0.5% of the informational content of

genetics and

the human genome is responsible for the increase in human
life span potential.


Life Span Potentials

Maximum recorded Life
span (years)

Animal

Bristle cone pine 2,000
Gingko biloba tree 1,000
Galapagos tortoise 200
Human 122
Parrot 100
Asian elephant 60
Orangutan 58
Gorilla 55
Chimpanzee 50
Whale 50
Horse 40
Grizzly bear 35
Hyena 32
Domestic cat 30
American bison 26
African lion 25
Rhesus monkey 24
Dolphin 23
Dog 20

Domestic goat 20

===== Screenshot (19) =====

 

Moose 17
Kangaroo 16
Rabbit 15
Vampire bat 13
Skunk 8
Rat 6
Mouse 3
Shrew 2

 

The “Stochastic” Nature of Aging

Gerontologists and doctors, in their
pontificate and perpetuate the dogma that there is nothing that
you can do to ensure that you will reach the centenarian club.
They preach endlessly that there are no common threads that
can be used by all, to successfully reach 100 - they preach that
aging is “stochastic” or uncontrollable or a gamble that only a
few lucky ones from the “Blue Zones” will randomly attain.

We know for an irrefutable fact that aging or longevity
has a genetic upper limit or genetic potential in all species,
including man, yet, our input, either conscious or unconscious
is required to consistently achieve or reach the upper limit of
our genetic potential for longevity.

Having “good genes” alone will certainly not get you
to 100 years of age in a healthful way without you doing
everything else right! Just having “good genes” is not a

ignorance,

guarantee.
As capacity to survive
environmental and physiological challenges declines and

organism’s age, their


 

often fails. Any significant challenge or bump in the road
of health and lifespan can result in death to both young and
old individuals, survival statistics, however, are in general in
favor of the younger individual.

A plethora of factors, including nutritional competency
and deficiencies, affect the course of events in an individual's
ability to avoid disability and the relative ability of a human
to reach their maximum potential for longevity.

Aging is not an all or nothing process - aging is like a
puzzle, a few pieces cannot give you the full and complete picture,
as the pieces of the puzzle are put into the structure of the puzzle,
the greater the ability to see the complete and full picture.

Cellular Immortality

In 1912, Dr. Alexis Carrel, who had won the Nobel
Prize for developing the original technique for “end to end
anastomosis (joining) of blood vessels with fine suture,”
began to grow undifferentiated fibroblasts (connective tissue
cells aka “stem cells”) from chicken hearts in flasks in his
laboratory at the Rockefeller Institute.

He fed these isolated and undifferentiated fibroblast or
“stem cells” with filtered extracts of blended chicken embryos
and the “stem cells” kept multiplying and growing for 34
years (including 2 years after Carrel’s own death).

These early “cell cultures” were so successful that,
excessive numbers were shared with other investigators or
discarded “to prevent them from performing one of those 2n
multiplication feats (“Andromatous Strain”) and cover the
earth.”

Carrel’s work led to the theory that, “Cells are
inherently immortal if given an ideal environment, and the
aging of organisms we see in the laboratory and in the mirror

===== Screenshot (20) =====

must be due to interactions between cells, or to some central
mechanism, hormonal perhaps, whose influence reaches
everywhere.”

~ Two years after his death, Carrel’s colleagues got bored
with the experiment and threw the 34 year old fibroblast
cultures out. However, Carrel’s experiment resulted in the
theory that “cells are inherently immortal if they are fed a
perfect diet and kept in a perfect environment.”

In 1961, Dr. Leonard Hayflick and Paul Moorhead
at the Wistar Institute in Philadelphia challenged Carrel’s
findings. Hayflick, currently at the School of Medicine at the
University of California, San Francisco, is a highly regarded
biogerontologist.

In his experiment, Hayflick, using his own growth
media, human embryonic lung fibroblasts could only “ double”
50 times with a predictable intracellular accumulation of
ceroid lipofuscin (pigments of aging that indicate a selenium
deficiency) that eventually disabled and killed the cells.

Hayflick’s definition of “doubling” was that the culture
flask became filled with new cells and he would dump 50% of
the cells to make living space for continuation of the cultures.
How many, individual duplications, of Carrel’s chicken
embryo heart fibroblast cells, did it take to fill the flask with
the new cells - hundreds, thousands, millions?

Fibroblasts begin looking old as they near the
“doubling” limit. When viewed under the microscope they
become larger and accumulate an increased quantity of the
golden “pigment of aging” - ceroid lipofuscin.

Hayflick attributed Carrel’s chicken heart fibroblast
longevity success to “contamination” by new embryonic
fibroblasts from the chick embryo media.

Hayflick’s 50 “doubling” limit in normal human lung
cells has come to be known as the “Hayflick limit.”

When old nuclei are inserted into young cells and
young nuclei are inserted into old cells, the data indicates that
the physiological age of the cell, the number of “doublings”


 

they have left, is controlled by the nucleus. It suggests that
there is a programmed synthesis of a “senescence factor” in
old cells and that this factor inhibits DNA replication when
the music stops - suggesting that the “ Hayflick limit” may in
fact may be alterable and is not set in concrete!

Using the same growth media, the Hayflick limit
varies from species to species and appears to be related to the
maximum known life span of the species.

Hayflick Limit by Species

 

Species Hayflick Limit
Man (normal cells) 50
Man (HeLa cancer cells) indefinitely
Mice 15
Chicken 29
Galapagos tortoise 110

Hayflick learned that when he froze his cell culture after
20 doublings, they could “remember” that they hada maximum
of 30 doublings left when they were thawed and re-fed.

HeLa cells were the first human cells to be successfully
propagated outside the body in significant numbers. HeLa
cells, which came from a biopsy of a cervical cancer, “ignore
the Hayflick limit for human cells. In a sense they are
immortal.” They will continue to grow and divide as long as
they have nutrients, oxygen, space and means of getting rid of
their waste.

The human donor for the original HeLa cells was
Henrietta Lacks, a poor black woman from Baltimore, whose
identity was only revealed years after her cells were being
proliferated around the world and long after she had died.

===== Screenshot (21) =====

 

Chapter 2

“We are now at the threshold of the Superlongevity
Revolution, the radical extension of the human lifespan that
will shake society to its very foundation. Its impact will be
felt by every person, institution, and organization.”

- Michael G. Zey, Ph.D.
Ageless Nation

Regulating Life Span

According to Dr. Michael West, a professor and biology
visionary from the University of California, Berkeley, “In a
sense the human species is immortal. We as individuals are
not. We age and die. But some of the cells in our body are part
of a stream of cells we call the germ line, or the reproductive
lineage itself, they have been proliferating since life began on
the planet. They don’t know what death is.”

James Hilton made the legendary city of Shangri-La
famous, through his 1934 novel, Lost Horizon, where people
lived healthful, loving, productive and long lives beyond 200
years of age.

The novel was made into a classic black and white
movie of the same name in 1937 and then remade in the 1960s
as a color film entitled, Shangri-La.


 

In the original novel and movie, the people of Shangri-La attributed their youthfulness, health and longevity to a
Spartan diet (McKay’s well publicized Calorie Restricted
diet), peaceful low stress attitude, a work ethic devoted to
gardening and farming (wood ash, plant mineral enriched
compost),and a rich Christian faith and lifestyle.

The remake film version portrayed an eastern type
meditation as the basis of their health and longevity which
contributed to the passion for Eastern Meditation by the
“hippy” movement of the 1960s and 1970s. :

Regulating Life Span

Numerous methods have been developed for
estimating physiological age. The most commonly employed
measure, especially in population studies, is blood pressure
levels, blood sugar levels and age at death. Statistical analysis
of mortality data can be employed to separate age-related
deaths (chronic disease and sudden death) from age-unrelated
deaths (car accidents and house fires).

Any complete understanding of aging will necessarily
and eventually explain conditions and treatments that increase
the maximum life span. At least three methods of increasing
maximum life span in laboratory animals (that are fed perfect
diets) are known:

1) lower metabolic rate (hypothermia)
2) Calorie Restricted intake (without malnutrition)

3) enhance antioxidant protection (genetic engineering
and supplements)

===== Screenshot (22) =====

The observation that life span can be predictably
increased demonstrates that and the ability to
maximize life span in fact, is not jramaitehie or stochastic.
which experimental

“ . u
aging

Understanding the mechanisms by
treatments extend life span has revealed many of the processes
that control aging.

Humans must come to grips with the f fact that if we
are to reach our “genetic potential” for health and longevity
we must become independent of our mineral deficient soils,
the limited and unpredictable nutritional value of our anemic
food through supplementation, consume Calorie Restricted
diets and load up on the antioxidants!

We must not bet our health and our lives on - or
ignorantly depend on the random distribution of essential
minerals in our food or maybe not in our food at all or we
will surely fail in our quest for health and longevity no matter
how much money and effort we spend on medical care.
We oxygen, we constantly
and we constantly need “essential macro and micro

constantly need need
water
nutrients.”

We pay an enormous amount of redundant attention,
to detail, when we send humans into space and yet we
continue to leave the essential nutrient intake of our cells and
the building blocks of our enzymatic and physiological life on

earth to blind chance.

Lowering Metabolic Rate

Decreasing the rate of metabolism either by lowering
the ambient temperature of cold-blooded animals or by
restricting movement, can significantly extend the life spans
of many invertebrate species. These facts point to the fact that
the rate of metabolic output can affect longevity.


 

The “old ones” (those over age 75) in all Blue Zones
spend a lot of time sunning themselves, gleaning large doses
of vitamin D, from the sun (by sitting in the sun or gardening)
and lowering their metabolic rate each day by consciously
devoting time to “siesta time” or meditation.

Sohal reported that 200 houseflies maintained in a one
cubic foot cage (to stimulate flight activity) resulted ina mean
lifespan of 14 days.

Housing smaller numbers of houseflies in a large cage
resulted in an average life span of about 35 days.

Placing the flies in small bottles with a cardboard
maze, that permitted them to walk, but eliminated their flight
activity, extended mean life span to 70 days.

Further decreasing the metabolic activity of the flies by
placing them in small vials at a decreased temperature (18
degrees C) extended their life span to 120 days.

The total amount of oxygen consumed during life by
each group of flies (per unit weight) was identical.

The maximum survival rate or longevity for fish has
been extended by 300% in the UCLA laboratory of Dr. Roy
Walford by maximizing the micronutrients (minerals) fed to
the fish as well as lowering the water temperature by just a
few degrees.

Within individual species, the metabolic rate of
individuals clearly affects life span. Dr. Thomas Perls has
produced the clearest description of this relationship in “The
Rate of Living Theory.”

According to Perls’ hypothesis, all species exhibit
a genetically determined metabolic potential and species’
specific life span is therefore dependent on the rate of
metabolism. Many studies have confirmed the validity of this
observation in cold-blooded animals.

===== Screenshot (23) =====

Calorie Restriction without Malnutrition

Gerontologists theorize that our prehistoric ancestors
clung to life through long periods of time without food - the
human body’s amazing survival mechanisms would then
come into play - slow metabolism and slow aging. This
mechanism allowed humans to survive through times of
drought and famine.

The profile of people who actively pursued longevity
is found in the writings of authors on longevity who, living
by their beliefs, lived to at least their tenth decade. Five of the
most famous of this group are Luigi Cornaro, Sir Hermann
Weber, Sir James Crichton-Browne, Dr. Alexandre Gueniot,
and Scott Nearing.

The most well known and famous of these five longevity

icons is Luigi Cornaro. Luigi Cornaro, wrote The Art of Living
Long, one of the four most famous autobiographies of the
Renaissance (the piece was translated into every European
language and later endorsed by George Washington). Cornaro
was born in Venice in 1464 and died in Padua at the age of 103
years in 1567.
Cornaro was born into Italian nobility, he practiced “a
dissolute, gluttonous life,” which lead to a disabling ill-health
by the age of 37. Cornaro was morbidly obese, suffered from
gout, “stomach fever,” cold temperatures (hypothyroidism)
and generalized pain (arthritis, fibromyalgia, etc.).

Cornaro’s physicians gave him little hope for survival
for one year so he decided to become his own physician; he
asked the old women working in the fields what they ate.

After these interviews, Cornaro became aware of the
peasant’s Calorie Restricted diet (imposed by access only to
small plots of land and heavy taxation) and became convinced
that his maladies, as with most diseases of the human species,
were due to a life of intemperance, homage to the “belly gods”
and the “nervous” life they commanded.


 

Cornaro consciously changed course and “he
voluntarily practiced a severe, rigid, temperate and dietarily
restrictive routine.”

Cornaro’s diet was the same every day and some meals
consisted of a single egg yolk. He faithfully ate “12 ounces of
solids, a little meat, one egg yolk, a slice of bread, vegetable
soup and 14 ounces of young wine,” which provided a total
of 1,000 calories or less” per day.

The part that wine, “the milk of the old,” played
in Cornaro’s diet is considered a historical “fluke” by
gerontologists. Cornaro liked young local wines. '

Cornaro faithfully practiced this Calorie Restricted
dietary routine for the rest of his life (he never retired, rather
he worked his estate from horseback, counseled members
of the Paduan society as a revered elder and wrote books
on health until the end) - he became lean and his health
prospered. Despite his sinful younger years, Cornaro lived
to be 103 years of age and reported in his autobiography that,
“he was high for his remaining sixty-six years.”

Four hundred years after the time of Cornaro, three
European physicians of some great fame made longevity
one of their main interests. Each of the three doctors had
many long-lived patients; all three wrote books or essays on
longevity when they were in their 90s.

Sir Hermann Weber (1823-1918) stressed exercise as well
as a Calorie Restricted lactovegetarian diet - he recommended
one to three hours of walking each day and vacations that
included climbing, hiking and hunting.

Sir James Crichton-Browne (1840-1938) commented on
Cardinal de Satis, who lived to be 110, cited a mix of a Calorie
Restricted diet, walking and riding daily and to “continuing
projects throughout one’s life.”

Dr. Alexandre Guenoit (1832-1935) of Paris, and
president of the Paris Medical Academy, followed a somewhat
less restrictive Cornaro-type diet as a lactovegetarian, walked
up 56 steps to his apartment even until age 99 years to gather

===== Screenshot (24) =====

his notes, write his book and died in 1935 at the age of 102
years.

Today, it is a well established fact that consuming fewer
calories (Calorie Restricted diets) can and does extend life.

Scott Nearing (1883-1983), like Cornaro became a
legend in his own lifetime. Alone or with his wife Helen,
Nearing wrote on the subjects of pacifism, socialism and
lactovegetarian beliefs.

In 1932, the Nearings bought a farm in Vermont and
began to live outScott’s alternative culture beliefs. They farmed
with hand tools and implements for more than 50 years. Their
work included digging, hoeing, weeding, composting (wood
ashes) and hauling. In addition, Scott did his own sawing
and chopping of wood for their wood-burning stove. They
have constructed 15 stone buildings on their two homesteads.
Scott calls them “one-man/one-woman” projects, and Helen
admits that, “she became so involved in the (construction of
the) Maine house, that she personally selected and placed
every stone.” That home was finished in 1977, when Scott was
94 years of age and Helen was 73.

The Nearings rarely if ever used doctors, pills, or
hospitals, yet Scott lived to a “hale and hearty 100 and died
when he decided to by fasting for a month and a half at the
very end.”

~ Nearing had always been physically active, in the
woods, in the garden, and in building construction. He was
also active mentally, having written 40 books, including an
autobiography - The Making of a Radical.

A month or two before he died, Scott was sitting at the
dinner table and said, “I think I won’t eat anymore.”

On his last day, Helen and Scott were together at home;
no interruptions; no doctors or hospitals. They were quiet
together and Helen said, “It’s alright Scott. Go right along.
You've lived a good life and are finished with things here. We
love you and let you go. It’s alright.”

In 1935, Clive McKay, a professor of physiology at


 

Cornell University observed that a Calorie Restricted diet,
or “under nutrition without malnutrition” could extend life.
With a 60% reduction of free choice calories at weaning age,
came a doubling of the 50% survival rate and doubled the
known maximum life span of laboratory rats!

The McKay Calorie Restricted diet was super-supplemented with extra vitamins and minerals. On this 60%
regimen, the animal’s growth rate was significantly reduced,
however, in all other ways they were super healthy.

The CR diet fed rats could be held in this growth
retarded condition for up to 1,000 days, by which time all
of the traditionally fed rats had died. When the CR diet rats
were allowed a full diet, growth started again. The rats were
also more sexually active and reproduced normally at a more
advanced age than the rats fed the traditional diet.

In the 1960s and 1970s, Morris Ross of the Institute
for Cancer Research in Philadelphia, conducted a series of
experiments that produced a maximum life span of 1,000 to
1,099 days in fully fed rats and 1,600 to 1,699 days in CR fed
rats - a 60% increase. These studies pitted the standard lab
diets for rats against the reduced amounts of the enriched
diets - the classic “under nutrition without malnutrition.”

These experiments have been repeated successfully
many times in many species of animals. In fact, a Calorie
Restricted (CR) diet “without malnutrition” is the only
intervention that has ever consistently, predictably and
successfully increased both the mean and maximal life span
of mammals.

The positive effects of Calorie Restriction without
malnutrition have been observed in diverse vertebrate and
invertebrate species. Diet-restricted mammals retain youthful
characteristics, including immune function, vitality, long after
their higher calorie fed litter mates are dead.

Calorie Restricted diets have been studied in the rhesus
monkey by gerontologist Richard Weindruch, at the University

of Wisconsin at Madison. Only four of his CR monkeys have

===== Screenshot (25) =====

died, half the death rate of the standard fed monkeys. The
CR monkeys have not developed diabetes, w hile 50% of the
standard diet monkeys have developed the disease.

Because most investigators of CR diets forget the

“without malnutrition” piece it is not surprising that the lab
animals on unsupplemented CR diets develop diseases of
malnutrition including a significant drop in bone density,
reduced libido, dysmenorr hea, infertility and wide fluctuations
in body temperature.

Calorie Restricted diets consistently produce biological
effects that are directly linked, in laboratory animals, to longer
life. Understanding the mechanisms of these biological effects
helps to translate theory into practical application.

Some of the obvious CR effects were quickly identified
in the early studies, additional long term effects have been
identified as the studies have continued; we also realize that we
can enhance or modify these CR effects by conscious choices:

1) lowers circulating glucose levels

2) lowers circulating insulin levels

3) lowers percentage of body fat

4) lowers blood & tissue levels of growth stimulators
5) reduces cell loss from the aging process

6) decreases body load of “inflammation” or “free radical

injury.”

7) encourages a youthful physiology Under nutrition
(Caloric Restricted diet) without malnutrition (diet
contains elevated levels of vitamins and minerals
above the RDA) experiments are most effective in
laboratory animals when started in infancy, however,


 

they also show dramatic longevity benefit even when
the low calorie/nutrient dense diet is begun in mid-adulthood.

In Luigi Cornaro’s example, he intervened at age 37 and
lived to be 103. This observation should give all individuals
encouragement to change their habits for the better and
intensely supplement - it’s never too late!

Low calorie/nutrient dense diets may not be for all
human children as there is a relatively high mortality rate on
the front end of this type of program. Children can flourish and
do well on optimal caloric intake/nutrient dense nutritional
programs.

In the 1940s, professors A.H. Carlson and F. Holzol
added a creative twist to the concept of the CR diet by studying
the effects of intermittent periods of fasting on the life span
of rats. They free choice fed rats a high-quality diet rich in
vitamins and minerals in unlimited amounts, but fasted them
completely every other day; another group was fasted every
third day and another group fasted every fourth day.

The maximum life span in the un-fasted animals was
800 days, however, in all three intermittently fasted groups
the maximum life span was extended to 1,000 to 1,100 days-a
20 to 30% increase in maximum life span.

Dr. Charles Goodrick of the National Institute on
Aging (Gerontology Research Unit) studied intermittent
fasting by feeding the control a perfect diet while the study
group was fasted every other day. Maximum life span was
increased from the 875 days of the normally fed rats to 1,295
in the restricted rats, from 630 days 50% survival to 980 days.

Nelson Mandela, the first black president of South
Africa turned 90 years of age on July 18, 2008. During an
interview with reporters on the occasion of his birthday,
Mandela was quite lucid mentally and physically animated
as he answered questions.

What makes Mandela’s high energy 90th birthday

===== Screenshot (26) =====
 


remarkable was that he had spent 27 years ina South African
prison on Robin Island. He was fed a very low calorie and
protein restricted diet (small servings of fish each week). He
worked every day in a limestone quarry and was allowed to
havea vegetable garden which was fertilized with limestone
dust (mineral fertilizer).

Immediately upon release from prison Mandela began
to drink South African wine (a significant source of resveratrol
and polyphenols - antioxidants) and supplement with a liquid
form of plant derived minerals shipped to him from Atlanta,
Georgia by former UN Ambassador Andrew Young.

Art Linkletter of “People Are Funny” television fame,
sent Dr. Allen Banik, an eye doctor, to Hunza to learn their
secret of health and longevity.

Dr. Banik learned that Hunzakuts were forced to
consume a high protein (i.e. goat, lamb, yak, beef, chicken,
eggs, milk, cheese, yogurt, etc.) Calorie Restricted diet (1,500-
1,800 calories) because they lived in a relatively poor place,
they consumed minerals from Glacial Milk, directly as
drinking water and indirectly as fertilizer; they also fertilized
their gardens with wood ash (plant minerals) enriched
compost; the Hunzakut used red wine and green tea daily as
antioxidants.

In 2008 Art Linkletter turned 96 years of age; he
continues to give 75 two hour lectures each year. Linkletter
followed the Hunza diet by consuming a Calorie Restricted
diet, eating appropriately and supplementing heavily with
vitamins, minerals and antioxidants (resveratrol, etc.).

On July 2, 2008, Frank Calloway of Tusccaloosa,
Alabama, turned 112 years old. He works seven to nine hours
each day using pencils and crayons, creating 30 foot long
murals of the agricultural South from the early 20th century.
Many of his crayon drawings, created on simple butcher paper,
sell for more than $1,000. Ina recent interview, Calloway said,
“I couldn’t get time to go to school much, stopped in the third
grade reader, that’s all I could get, third grade reader.”


 

Diagnosed with schizophrenia, Frank Calloway has
lived in an Alabama mental institution since 1952 ona typical,
calorie and protein restricted diet of a state operated chronic
care facility.

The Calorie Restricted Diet

To initiate your personal journey into a CR diet lifestyle
requires a conscious decision. It can be as simple as reducing
your total daily caloric intake by five percent.

Daily Calorie Requirements for Humans

Gender Age Activity Level
(years) Sedentary Moderate Active
Child 2-3 1,000 1,000-1,400 —_1,000-1,400
Female 4-8 1,200 1,400-1,600 1,400-1,800
9-13 1,600 1,600-2,000 1,800-2,200
14-18 1,800 2,000 2,400
19-30 2,000 2,000-2,200 2,400
31-50 1,800 2,000 2,200
51+ 1,600 1,800 2,000-2,200
Male 4-8 1,400 1,400-1,600 1,600-2,000
9-13 1,800 1,800-2,200 2,000-2,600
14-18 2,200 2,400-2,800  2,800-3,200
19-30 2,400 2,600-2,800 3,000
31-50 2,200 2,400-2,600  2,800-3,000
oir 2,000 2,200-2,400 2,400-2,800

===== Screenshot (27) =====

5% Calorie Reduction

A drop of as little as 5% of your typical daily calorie
intake will certainly improve your health.

At this level of caloric reduction, a woman will reduce
her daily calorie total by 100 calories, w hich means give up
the slice of toast for breakfast or only eat one half of that
hamburger bun for lunch; a man will give up 125 calories ata
5% calorie reduction.

A 5% calorie reduction could be as simple as giving
up the 3:00 pm two scoop ice cream snack for a one scoop
portion.

10% to 15% Calorie Reduction

A reduction of 10% to 15% of your typical caloric
intake will trigger a metabolic event, known as “hormesis.”
Hormesis refers to limiting your caloric intake in an intelligent
manner, so that you challenge your body with a beneficial
physiological or met tabolic stress or “hormesis.”

With fewer easy fuel calories available for
production, your body shifts from the command to store fat
to the command to preferentially burn fat as fuel for energy

energy

production.

Eventually (usually within a week) your body becomes
more efficient in its ability to produce energy from fat and
your stamina improves. The need for an increased rate of cell
reproduction and replacement i is reduced, allowing the body
to direct more effort towards defenses against free radical
damage and extended life!

To maximize the positive CR effect, reduce your daily
protein intake to between 45 to 60 grams for men and 40 to 50


 

grams for women.

A 10% caloric reduction for women translates to
reducing the total daily caloric intake by 200 and 250 for men.
A 15% reduction would translate to a reduced daily caloric
intake for women by 300 and 475 for men.

In practical terms, this means giving up the daily ration
of potatoes and eating more green vegetables; give up the
pancakes or waffles for breakfast and eat a veggie omelette.

20% Calorie Reduction

A 20% reduction in daily caloric intake will translate to
women giving up 400 calories and men giving up 500 calories.

Giving up 20% of your daily calories will translate
to giving up Hive and replacing it with an 80 to 100 calorie
protein shake, an egg or our favorite, a pre-bagged handful of
mixed salted nuts.

It is not unusual for a slight hunger awareness to creep
into your life at this point. The way to eliminate the hunger
sensation is to increase your daily dose of certified organic
plant minerals and have a small snack consisting of one
handful (remember, its only one) of mixed salted nuts.

Fat vs Thin

Do naturally thin or skinny people live longer than those
individuals of “normal” weight? To answer this question, a
large study of mortality versus body weight was conducted
among 750,000 men and women by Drs. Lew and Garfinkel of

the American Cancer Society.

The overall mortality of people who were more than

===== Screenshot (28) =====

 

10% lighter than average, was actually increased - an apparent
paradox. McKay found that the degree of body fat in later life
was more important than such variables as percent protein
intake or even exercise. Overtly fat rats lived shorter lives.

It is of interest to note here that Sir Winston Churchill
was obese, spent most of his adult life in bed until noon,
smoked a whole box of Cuban cigars daily and drank a quart
of brandy per day and died at 89 years of age - being thin by
itself is not the “secret ingredient” for a long healthy life.

McKay’s rats that were unable to gain weight and fatten
on a totally permissive diet, and tended, despite the diet, to
remain at a weight less than average, also lived considerably
shorter lives. Therefore, being “ naturally thin” and unable to
gain weight in spite of excessive food intake is not the same
health-wise as thinness induced by dietary restriction.

People, who remain underweight, despite increased
food intake, display a slightly increased metabolic rate and
increased body temperature, both of which reduce maximum
life span.

If you are the type of individual who gains weight
easily by overeating, but you elect to lose weight by CR diets,
then you have an increased survival advantage!

Naturally thin individuals can live longer by becoming
even thinner, so long as there is no malnutrition - you too
must get into the CR lifestyle and ramp up on the your intake
of essential nutrients (plant minerals) and antioxidants!

Numerous biochemical measurements show that CR

animals are considerably bio-chemically younger than their

chronological age.


 

Antioxidant Defenses

A third laboratory method used to increase life span is
to genetically engineer animals to over express genes tied to
oxidant or free radical removal. Oxygen free radicals and other
reactive oxygen species (ROS) are thought to be important
factors in a large number of disease processes and aging.

Because of the very toxic affects of ROS, aerobic survival
depends on the prevention of the associated oxidative impact.
Antioxidant enzyme systems are normally present in all
healthy aerobic cells - remember, antioxidants also need raw
materials and mineral cofactors to operate at their optimum
capacity (glutathione requires selenium, etc.).

The superoxide dismutases (SOD) quench or neutralize
superoxide radicals (O”,) but create H,O, as a byproduct. Cells
also have high levels of non-enzymatic, low molecular weight
antioxidants. These non-enzymatic anti-oxidants remove the
potent hydroxyl radical (-HO:), a very potent byproduct of
the O, and H,0O, free radical reactions.

Fruit flies genetically engineered to over express
only SOD or catalase show little or no change in longevity.
However, when the fruit flies are genetically engineered to
over express both SOD and catalase, they are able to increase
the mean and maximum life span by as much as 40%.

These studies suggest that the quenching of O, and
H,O, free radicals can positively affect the basic processes
that control aging.

===== Screenshot (29) =====

Free Radical Theory of Aging

Free radicals are a diverse and destructive group of
agents which can be brought into the body transdermally and
by breathing, eating and drinking; they can also be produced
in significant numbers internally during normal metabolism
and as a byproduct of a fat-burning weight loss program.

These highly reactive substances differ from other less
harmful molecules in that they possess an extra electrical
charge - a free unpaired radical or a “ free” electron.

Free radicals set off abnormal reactions at the cellular
level that are typically “once-only,” irreversible, and
energetically wasteful.

Most free radicals that the human body is exposed to
are oxidants, “their free electron whirling around a super-activated oxygen atom (i.e. - hydroxyl free radical, singlet
oxygen, and hydrogen peroxide).

Dr. Roy Walford referred to free radicals as the “Great
white sharks in the biochemical sea” - these short-lived but
voracious chemicals oxidize and damage tissue, particularly
cell membranes and mitochondrial membranes.

Free radical “shark attacks” on polyunsaturated fats
and cholesterol found in tissue membranes, produce lipid
peroxides, which in turn decompose to yield chemicals known
as aldehydes, which cross-link proteins, lipids and DNA.

Walford described oxygen based free radicals very
well, “Not everybody realizes that the oxygen of our
atmosphere is a highly poisonous gas. Alien entities arriving
from a methane planet would choke and die on the stuff we
breathe so casually. It rusts iron, is involved in the decay and
crumbling of granite boulders, and participates in every fire
in town...yet we live in it (require it) and love The

Lipids become “peroxidized” or damaged as a result
of interactions with ROS or free radicals. This damage results


 

in structural, geometrical or “steric” physical changes that
decrease membrane fluidity.

Aging decreases membrane fluidity because of oxidant-induced depletion of unsaturated lipids. As a result, aging
membranes become more rigid (nutrition and oxygen can’t
go in and wastes can’t get out), significant negative changes
are then recorded in membrane-bound proteins. Membrane-bound enzymes and mitochondrial enzymes are regularly
found to display age-related changes in activity.

Peroxidized lipid molecules undergo several
rearrangements to form highly reactive cross-linking agents,
such as malondialdehyde (MDA). MDA reacts with amino
groups of proteins and amino acids, further increasing the
negative effects of free radical oxidation on cell wall lipids.

The end byproduct of MDA activity and damage is a
fluorescent pigment called ceroid lipofuscin. This pigment, a
product of oxidized cell wall and mitochondrial wall lipids
will accumulate in the cell cytoplasm itself over time.

Percent of Ceroid Lipofuscin in Aging Human Brain Cells

Age  % intracellular volume occupied

30 - 40  35
50 - 60  41
70 - 80  55
90 - 100  78

(Adelman, et al., 1988)

===== Screenshot (30) =====
 


The medical “dogma” goes like this: as these ceroid
lipofuscin pigments accumulate in the cell over time, they
interfere with the internal physiological functioning of the cell
and mitochondria. Medical doctors, and most gerontologists,
falsely believe the accumulated aging pigments are not
preventable, removable or reversible and as they reach
significant levels, the lipofuscin-gorged and disrupted cells
and mitochondria “age,” become dysfunctional, diseased and
die.

Ceroid lipofuscin shows up in humans as “age spots”
or “liver spots” on the skin of the hands or face. If you have
one liver spot or age spot on the outside you have millions of
them on the inside!

The number and intensity of pigment levels in age
spots are directly related to the level of free radical damage
and can be a predictive barometer of sinister things to come -
i.e. - cataracts, macular degeneration, coronary artery disease,
diabetes, senile dementia, Alzheimer’s disease, cancer, etc.

Fortunately, the accumulation of ceroid lipofuscin
in the brain, heart, liver, lungs, bone marrow, eyes, etc. can
easily be prevented and quickly reversed. Cell culture studies,
animal studies and human studies demonstrate very clearly
that the accumulation of ceroid lipofuscin, the “pigment of
aging,” is not set in concrete and in fact can be prevented and
reversed.

Preventing and reversing the accumulation of ceroid
lipofuscin pigments is well documented in many animal
species and humans - to accomplish this “antiaging” feat
requires a significant reduction of the intake of free radicals
(fried foods, trans fats, burnt fats, heterocyclic amines, super-heated carbohydrates, acrylamides, nitrites, alcohol, sugar,
etc.) and a significant increase in the intake of all known
essential nutrients and an extraordinary increased intake of
antioxidants (20,000 to 25,000 ORAC points/ day).

The obvious question is, if free radicals cause aging
and contribute to the infirmities of aging, then shouldn’t


 

a reduction of free radical damage slow the rate of aging
and extend longevity ever closer to the individual’s genetic
potential for longevity and even beyond the generally accepted
maximum life span for humans. Such studies have shown that
increases in antioxidant intakes alone will increase the mean
life span of a population but not the maximum life span.

Considerable evidence has been collected to support
the idea that the 50% survival rate of a population can be
extended significantly by the consumption of combinations
of antioxidants, including vitamins A, C, E, selenium, sulfur
bearing amino acids (methionine, cysteine, cystine, etc.) and
phytochemicals such as catechens (green tea, coffee, red wine,
dark berries, exotic fruit, etc.), resveratrol (red wine, red
grape juice, giant Japanese knotweed, etc.), proanthocyanins
(red grape skins and seeds), leutines (green leafy vegetables),
lycopenes (tomatoes), flavonols and polyphenols (dark
chocolate, red wine, green tea, etc.).

Aging is chronological and progressive and is
typically the normal course of events in all biological
systems, however, decreased metabolic rate, Caloric
Restriction (without malnutrition) and an increase in the
levels of antioxidant protection will all significantly increase
longevity.

To fulfill one’s genetic potential for longevity they
must consume large amounts of antioxidants, consciously
supplement daily with all known essential nutrients (with a
special focus on minerals) and eat a Calorie Restricted diet and
equally as important, they must avoid as many land mines as
possible.

===== Screenshot (31) =====

Chapter 3

“What's it worth to you to live ftve or 10 years
longer? Research shows that some health-related extras

have a real impact on longevity.”

Angie C. Marek
Smart Money, June 2008

Without Malnutrition

Most investigators and _ practitioners of Calorie
Restricted (CR) diets overlook and discount the importance
of the “without malnutrition” (WM) part of Clive McKay’s

original equation:
CR Diet + WM = 30% to 100% longevity increase

“Without malnutrition” considerably more
than sufficient calories to survive. The concept of “without
malnutrition” refers to the unwavering provision of every
known essential nutrient in at least optimal levels (which
are considerably higher than the RDI) - to be consumed with

every mouthful - every meal - every day.

means

N


 

When we look at the lofty professional and political
positions in the industrialized world, the wealthy, the people
who have access to the best of everything, the fit and the
educated, we are continuously disappointed with their sad
and unfulfilled paths of life, production records and lack of a
good result for personal health and longevity.

Billionaires: According to Forbes Magazine, the average life
span of billionaires is 78 years of age; and there has never
been a billionaire ever live to be 100 years of age.

The longevity statistics, or rather, the lack of longevity
statistics in the billionaire community, is a profound red flag,
a scream for change - a change from the medical dogma, that

“you can get everything } you need by eating from the four
food groups” and ‘ ‘following the dietary priicipals of the
seven food group pyramid.’

If there is any group of people in the world who has
access to “good food,” and the money to buy it, it has got to be
the members of the billionaire club! Billionaires, have access
to the finest quality and variety of food, high priced chefs,
personal trainers, the best primary care physicians who have
graduated from the finest schools and have good golf scores,
the best specialists from anywhere in the world, the greatest
health plans - and if need be they canspend unlimited amounts
of money to get access to cutting edge health information,
drugs, procedures and the entire staff of Harvard Medical
School.

In the June 2008 issue of Smart Money (JHE WALL
STREET JOURNAL MAGAZINE), a cover article says, “Yes!
$100,000 can add 10 years to your life.” Even if that claim were
true and not just a theory or a “pipe dream,” ten years added
to the average billionaire life span of 78 comes to 88 years -
still, 12 years short of the magic number of 100! And the cost
comes to a whopping $10,000 per additional year of life.

===== Screenshot (32) =====

We calculate that a 150 - 175 pound person can add
25 to 50 additional healthful years to their life with a net
savings in their cost of living by practicing a CR diet and by
faithfully employing a modified supplement program - the
reduced cost of food more than compensates for the cost of
the supplement program which comes to less than a cup of
Starbucks’ espresso late’ per day!

Executive Physicals: These physicals (a classic example
of closing the barn door after the horse is out) are geared
toward early detection of cancer, heart disease and
diabetes; and include CT scans, MRIs, Alzheimer’s
screens (smell test), monitoring of the biological age of
DNA and batteries of blood test. ($33,500)

Yoga Retreats: Many experts credit an individual's
ability to live to be 100 years of age to their ability to
cope with stress. ($15,300)

Personal Chef: Learn to prepare, cook and eat healthy
and control portion size. (Healthy, Chef-cooked meals
for one year - $24,700).

Personal Trainer: Get drill sargeant supervision three
times per week. (two year program $26,500)

Billionaires: Despite these high priced “early detection”
programs and life style changes, billionaires don’t fair very well
at an average age of 78 years - this is because medical doctors
are disconnected from the soil and from the human body’s
need for raw materials other than calories and great attention
to ratios of carbohydrates, fats and protein, pharmaceuticals

and surgery.

Jerry Zucker, (April 22,2008) philanthropistand billionaire
(owner of the Hudson Bay Company) made pacemakers


 

and surgical instruments and held 350 inventions and
patents, died of cancer at home at age 58.

Sydney Craig, (July 21, 2008) co-founder of the Jenny
Craig, weight-loss empire. He sold the business to
Nestle in 2006 for $600 million. He died of cancer at
age 76.

Hyman Golden, (September 14, 2008) Co-founder and
chairman of Snapple beverages, died of a stroke in
Great Neck, New York at the age of 85. The company
was sold to Quaker Oats Co. for $1.5 billion. Snapple
ended up with Cadbury Schweppes and is known as
the Dr. Pepper Snapple Group.

Nina Wang, (April 4, 2007) Asia’s richest woman
and billionaire, and Chairwomen of ChinaChem (a
recycling company) died of cancer at age 69.

Nobel Prize Winners: There has never been a Nobel Prize
winner live to be 100 years of age. Despite complete access to
information, advanced technology and people on the cutting
edge of science, Nobel Prize winners die of simple diseases
that even a turkey wouldn’t die from!

Albert Einstein, (76), Famous for his unimpeachable
“Theories of Relativity” died April 18, 1955 of a
ruptured aortic aneurysm, a simple copper deficiency.

Francis Crick, (88), died of colon cancer - July 2004.
Nobel Prize-winning scientist, who, with James Watson
elucidated and unraveled the double-helix structure of
DNA in 1953. He was a long-time faculty member of at
the Salk Institute for Biological Studies in La Jolla, CA.

===== Screenshot (33) =====

Medical Doctors: According to their own surveys and
+f . " , care

published research, the average life span of a primary care

physician and family doctor in 1999 was 56 years of age.

The main causes of death reported in medical doctors - at
the top of the list - are cancer, diabetes, heart disease and stroke.

If doctors were to live to be 150 years of age we
should hang on every word they spoke, however, doctors are
definitely not the “go to” people for health and longevity -
living to an average age of 56 shows that they can’t even help
themselves, why on earth could you ever believe that they
could help you live to be 100?

Dr. Gail L. Clark (47), a cardiologist and head of the
cardiac rehabilitation unit at St. Luke’s Hospital, St.
Louis, MO., died of a heart attack July 26, 1993.

Dr. Stuart Berger, (40), best selling author of diet and
health books including, Dr. Berger’s Immune Power Diet
and Forever Young - 20 Years Younger in 20 Weeks, died
suddenly February 23, 1994. Dr. Berger had dropped
from 420 pounds, down to 210 pounds.

Dr. Stewart Cartwright (88), a family practice
physician who worked for Kaiser Permanente Out
Patient Clinics, died suddenly (January 20, 1993) of a
ruptured coronary artery aneurysm (a simple copper
deficiency). Dr. Cartwright was “an avid athlete.”

Dr. W. Thomas Nessa, (48), a cardiologist, a member
of the “dream team” of cardiologists, who treated the
Boston Celtic’s captain, Reggie Lewis, died of a heart
attack in January of 1995, one and one half years after
Lewis collapsed and died of a cardiomyopathy heart
attack (a selenium deficiency). Nessa had regularly run
the Boston Marathon, had been a member of the Celtic’s


 

medical team and helped to create the standards for
the cardiological evaluation of professional athletes.

Dr. Jeffrey M. Isner, (53), research cardiologist, who
developed a procedure to stimulate the growth of
blood vessels in the heart. Isner’s team, at St. Elizabeth’s
Medical Center in Boston, and Tufts University School
of Medicine, worked with cardiac patients who were
“too sick” for bypass surgery; they injected genes that
were taken up by the heart and then stimulated the
production of “growth factor.” He died October 30,
2001 from a heart attack.

Dr. Roy Walford, (79), a gerontologist and best selling
author of books on longevity including, Maximum
Lifespan and The 120 Year Diet; and he himself stayed
on a Calorie Restricted diet for 30 years, died of
complications of Lou Gehrig’s disease April 2004.

Athletes: With the exception of three black athletes from the
old “Negro Baseball League” days in the 20s and 30s, there has
never been a professional athlete ever live to 100 years of age.

The average professional athlete lives to be 62 years of
age, while the average professional couch potato lives to be 78
years of age - if you take a simple view of these statistics you
could believe that exercise can shorten your life by 16 years.

Athletes sweat, not only water, but a “soup” of all the
known essential nutrients. If one continuously sweats out
essential nutrients (particularly minerals) and then only drinks
water, ice tea, soft drinks or Gator-Aid (contains only two
minerals) to replace fluids and nutrients, disaster is inevitable.

In fact, “exercise without supplementation is suicide.”
According to the Centers for Disease Control, some 75,000
to 100,000 young Americans under the age of 35 years, who
work out or train regularly, die suddenly each year.

===== Screenshot (34) =====

Jim Fixx (52), author of the 1977 best seller, The Complete
Book of Running, was considered the “guru” of the
concept of personal fitness through running, died in
July 20, 1984 from a heart attack shortly after his daily
run in rural Hardwick, VT. Jim Fixx had dropped from
240 pounds to 165 pounds by running, he believed that
exercise alone, totally exclusive of supplements, was
the only true path to health and longevity - and to that
end he consciously avoided consuming vitamin and
mineral supplements, banking his life on the medical
dogma that “you can get everything you need by eating
the four food groups.”

Dr. George Sheehan (74) a cardiologist, author, self-proclaimed expert on physical fitness and runner, died


 

Reggie Lewis (27) Captain of the Boston Celtics, died
of a cardiomyopathy heart attack, a simple selenium
deficiency (July 27, 1993) while shooting baskets at
the Celtic’s training center at Brandeis University,
Waltham, MA. Lewis had collapsed earlier in the year

during a playoff game against the Charlotte Hornets
April 29, 1993.

Ryan Shay (28),(November 3, 2007) iconic long distance
runner who trained by running 145 miles per week
and won the NCAA 10,000 meter race in 2001 for Notre
Dame, died of a heart attack at the 5.5 mile marker
during final trials in the New York City Marathon
event for the 2008 Beijing Olympic trials.

of prostate cancer on November 1, 1993. Vegans: There are several sub-cultures of “vegetarians.”
He was the medical editor of Runner's World — Most individuals who call themselves “vegetarians” are truly
magazine, authored the best selling books on running, “omnivores” who choose not to eat “red meat,” yet eat ane
Medical Advice for Runners and Dr. Sheehan on Running- combination of dairy, eggs, fish, poultry, etc.:

his most famous remarks on diet and supplementation
were, “Well, I don’t care much about diet. I don’t
talk about it. But there is one demand, an extremely
practical one that I make of a diet (and supplement):
that it doesn’t interfere directly with my running.”
Oops, he forgot the selenium!

Vegans - true vegetarians, who strictly, with a religious
fervor, eat only grains, vegetables, fruit and nuts and
do not supplement - very dangerous!

Lacto-vegetarians - omnivores, who, eat dairy, in

: addition to grains, vegetables, fruit and nuts.
Brian Maxwell (51), multi-millionaire apostle of Jim

Fixx, co-creator of PowerBars™ (the Maxwell's sold
the PowerBar™ business to Nestle four years before his
March 2004 death for $375 million) with wife Jennifer.
Maxwell, who had earned 14 gold medals for marathon
wins in the Olympics, World Games and Iron Man
competitions, died of a heart attack following a jog, while
standing in line, in a post office in northern California
while waiting to cash a money order.

Ovo-vegetarians - omnivores, who, eat eggs, in addition
to grains, vegetables, fruit and nuts.

Ovo-lacto-vegetarians - omnivores, who, eat eggs and
dairy in addition to grains, vegetables, fruit and nuts.

Pisco-vegetarians - omnivores, who, eat fishin addition
to grains, vegetables, fruit and nuts.

===== Screenshot (35) =====

Pollo-vegetarians - omnivores, who, eat poultry in
addition to grains vegetables, fruit and nuts.

Ovo - lacto - pollo - pisco - vegetarians - omnivores,
who, eat eggs, dairy, poultry and fish in addition to
grains, vegetables, fruit and nuts.

There has never been a vegan live to be 100 years of age;
there are no flourishing colonies of vegans with dozens of rosy-cheeked kids running around. The vegan lifestyle without a
serious and complete supplementation program tends to be
more of a political statement than a healthful dietary regime.

Most vegans do not seriously supplement heavily and
correctly with a special emphasis on minerals, and as a result
strict vegans develop grey hair, receding gums, periodontal
disease, blood sugar problems, arthritis, osteoporosis, anemia,
hypertension, fibromyalgia, chronic fatigue syndrome, cancer,
liver cirrhosis, cognitive, memory and emotional problems
before five years has elapsed.

Certainly not all, but most vegans direct their energies
and attentions to concocting “complete” amino acid mixes
from combinations of grains and legumes to assure adequate
intakes of plant proteins; they assume because they are “eating
correctly” and because they consider themselves “spiritually
elevated” they believe they can get optimal amounts of all
essential nutrients (including amino acids, essential fatty
acids, vitamins, minerals, trace minerals, rare earths, etc.)
without supplementation.

Vegans as a group tend to lie to themselves and
convince themselves (and try to convince others) that all of
the long-lived people on earth do not eat animal products. In
fact all long lived peoples on earth eat red meat (including
pork, beef, goat, lamb, etc.), poultry, fish, eggs and dairy.

Plants only require 16 essential nutrients, only nine of
which are minerals, to be healthy and reproduce themselves;
we believe human beings require 90 essential nutrients


 

(of which 60 are minerals) to be healthy and reproduce
themselves.

Those vegans who eat an organic diet, unsupplemented with plant minerals are anywhere from 51
to 57 minerals short - plants can not manufacture minerals
and nutritional minerals do not occur in a uniform blanket
throughout the crust of the earth.

Nutritional minerals do not occur in a uniform
blanket over the crust of the earth, minerals occur in veins
like chocolate in chocolate ripple ice cream and plants can
not manufacture minerals - plants can manufacture vitamins,
amino acids, essential fatty acids and carbohydrates (all carbon
compounds) but plants can not manufacture minerals.

Linda McCartney,(56), died April 17, 1998), high
profile wife of Beatles star Paul McCartney, animal
rights activist, authored, Linda McCartney’s Home
Cooking (biggest selling vegetarian cookbook in the
UK and best selling in the USA at 250,000 copies) and
international crusader for the vegan lifestyle died of
complications of breast cancer.

Ramchandra Gandhi, (70), died June 14, 2007,
grandson of Mohandas Gandhi (brought an end to the
British colonial rule of India following his legendary
“Salt March”), died of “natural causes.”

Rita Gara (55), a psychiatric nurse, was the director
of The Himalayan Institute in Schaumberg, IL, where
she taught meditation, yoga and stress management.
She died at home from complications of breast cancer

August 2, 1993.

Without a doubt, as predictable as gravity, the concept
“Without Malnutrition” applies to all humans. Regardless

===== Screenshot (36) =====

of one’s financial, educational or professional station in life,
location on earth, race, gender or age, we humans require all
essential nutrients in our food, not only in optimal amounts,
but also, we require these essential nutrients in every mouthful
of food, in every meal every day without fail if you want to
live to be 100 years of age.

“Taking a multiple vitamin-mineral supplement to fill
in the blanks as insurance” won't cut it - we must be more
intense, more serious, more accurate and more professional
about providing redundant sources of raw materials to
every one of our cells, our metabolism, our physiology, our
enzymatic systems and our spiritual, mental and physical
performance if we are to be successful.

By contrast to the human health care industry that
has failed us in providing us a guaranteed healthful life span
of more than 100 years, the animal industry has been very
successful in increasing longevity, production, performance,
fertility, survivability of offspring, eliminating birth defects
and increase resistance to disease simply by designing and
creating complete rations that were species and function
specific, that were guaranteed to be nutritionally perfect
in every mouthful, every meal and every day without
compromise.


 

Chapter 4

“Every animal and every human being that dies of
natural causes dies of a nutritional deficiency disease.”

Dr. Joel D. Wallach

The Center for the Biology of
Natural Systems. 1968.

Essential Nutrients

Essential nutrients are referred to as “essential
nutrients” for two reasons:

1) We as humans can’t manufacture certain nutrients
that are required for health, reproduction and optimal
longevity - in fact, because we can’t manufacture them,
we must consume them in optimal amounts each and
every day, every meal and every mouthful either as
food or as supplements.

2) Failing to consume the essential nutrients in optimal
amounts with every mouthful of food, with every
meal, every day, we will, with the predictability of
gravity, fall ill, become infertile, bear children with
birth defects and produce lives that are unnecessarily
short, expensive and miserable!

===== Screenshot (37) =====

 

The Center for the
Biology of Natural Systems

When I (Wallach) was a kid of nine, Marlin Perkins, the
director of the Lincoln Park Zoo, appeared on “Zoo Parade,” a
weekly Saturday morning black and white, TV program that
featured visits to animal cages in the C Chicago L incoln Park
Zoo.

Marlin would, like magic, drive up to the cage ina golf
cart, hop out and begin a learned discussion on the featured
endangered animal - then, as if by another miracle, the
viewer was transported to Africa, Asia, South America, the
Arctic, the Antarctic, North America or Europe to observe the

“endangered species ” in its natural environment.

Perkins went on to become the director of the St. Louis
Zoological Gardens and the host of the Mutual of Omaha’s
“Wild Kingdom” TV show, an upscale color version of the
original Zoo I -arade.

| wanted a job like Perkins had. I wanted to work
with wild animals, be like Frank Buck and “Bring Them Back

[I wanted to save endangered wild species.
I got in line and applie d for a summer job in the
Louis Zoo - I told the interviewer, I was willing to do
ENtEnG anything to work with and for Perkins - it became

Alive.”

an obsession.

My intensity paid off and I was picked out of literally
thousands of kids to work in the elephant house through
several summer breaks.

My first job with the elephants was to manually
remove a bushel basket of grapefruit-sized manure balls from
the rectums of each of seven show elephants just before their
daily stage appearance in the world famous St. Louis Zoo’s
circus style elephant show - three times daily Monday through
Friday and four times each day on Saturday and Sunday.


 

To perform this manure removal duty, I was instructed
to strip to the waist, apply a liquid dish washing detergent to
my ungloved right hand and arm and go at it. To complete
the job properly and totally empty their rectum required that
I plunge to a depth armpit deep. To prevent dislocation of
my shoulder and prevent me from being thrown around like
a rag doll by movements of the elephant to be emptied, they
were chained to the floor by all four legs.

I went on to enter and graduate from the School of
Agriculture, at the University of Missouri. My major was in
animal husbandry and nutrition - the general theme was to
learn how to formulate rations for animals that would extend
life, reduce disease, increase fertility and production; my
minor was in the subjects of field crops and soils, which gave
me a solid base of soil and plant chemistry and soil and plant
nutrition.

Two years into agricultural school I applied for and was
accepted into veterinary school at the University of Missouri.
During the last two years of agricultural school I also took the
full load of courses to get me through the first two years of
veterinary school.

At this juncture, I was eligible to take graduate courses,
which I did. While in my sophomore year of veterinary school
I had developed a fascination for the specialty of pathology,
so I loaded up on graduate level animal and human pathology
courses.

Upon graduation from veterinary school I took
position at the Iowa State University School of Veterinary
Medicine and State Veterinary Diagnostic Laboratories,
Ames Iowa with responsibilities for diagnostic pathology and
teaching graduate level gross and microscopic pathology to
graduate students.

After one year of teaching and doing service pathology,
an opportunity came up to go to South Africa and participate
in conservation and nutritional study projects in wild animal
reserves.

===== Screenshot (38) =====

Marlin Perkins gave me high recommendations which
went a long way in helping me get the position. After two
years of working on “Operation Rhino” in South Africa and
several months in “Operation Elephant” in Southern Rhodesia
(now Zimbabwe), Perkins sent me a telegram and invited me
back to the states to work on a large project of great “national
and world importance.”

Perkins and Dr. Barry Commoner, a professor of Botany
at Washington University, had gotten a $7.5 million grant
from the National Institutes of Health, to perform autopsies
on zoo animals and urban dwelling humans who had died of
“natural causes” to determine whether or not pollution might
be a factor in their causes of death.

As a comparative pathologist, I (Wallach) performed
more than 20,000 autopsies of over 17,500 captive wild
animals, laboratory species and domestic animals, of over 454
species and 3,000 humans for a comparison.

These autopsies included the review of clinical records,
microscopic and electron microscopic examinations of
histopathology, microbiology culture investigations for fungi,
bacteria and viruses and chemical and biochemical profiles.

The original purpose of this huge multidisciplinary
project (funded by the NIH, multiple zoos, Yerke’s Regional
Primate Research Center and multiple universities), known
as The Center for the Biology of Natural Systems, was to
investigate the possibility of environmental pollution and food
contamination contributing to causes of illness and death.

What was found was that, “every animal and every
human being that dies of natural causes dies of a nutritional
deficiency disease!”

Diets were formulated, supplemented and corrected
for species that until then were considered “too sensitive
to reproduce in captivity.” Fertility levels, pregnancies and
reproduction records skyrocketed in species that had historically
displayed little or no inclination to reproduce in captivity.

The principles of nutrition that had become successful


 

for providing health, fertility and longevity in laboratory
species, pet animals and farm animals had now proven to be
appropriate and highly successful for a wide variety of captive
wild and exotic species.

To make a long story short, I (Wallach) went back
to school, became a naturopathic physician (a primary
care physician in many states) and began to use veterinary
nutritional formulas on my human patients in 1978. It was
very quickly evident that the “truths” and “nutritional laws”
learned from our nutritional studies in 454 species of animals
worked exactly the same for humans!

In fact the principles of nutrition are the same for all
species of animals and humans. We do in fact require 90
essential nutrients with each and every mouthful of food,
each meal and every day:

60 essential minerals
16 essential vitamins
12 essential amino acids

3 essential fatty acids

Carbohydrates & Sugars

Early man was a carnivore who ate insects, grubs,
worms, small frogs, snakes, lizards, turtles, rats, birds, fish and
meat he could grab from a carcass when a large carnivore had
had their fill and left their kill to the two legged scavengers
- many early humans were cannibals.

According to anthropologists, man only began to
eat grains, fruits and vegetables in a serious and consistent

===== Screenshot (39) =====

fashion some 10,000 years ago when agriculture as we know
it began in the “Fertile Crescent” in what is now Iraq.

Contrary to popular belief, carbohydrates and sugars
are not essential nutrients by anybody’s standards, as we
can make all of the carbohydrates and sugars we need for
energy and maintenance and repair of structural components
by breaking down and reconfiguring fats and proteins at the
cellular level.

Carbohydrates and sugars have become part of the
human diet, not because of necessity, but rather because of
convenience and ease of production and storage.

Historically grains were able to sustain humans in
between annual fish runs, bird and large mammal migrations.
Stored grains were also used as a buffer against catastrophic
starvation during famine and draught.

During times of bumper harvests and plenty, human
cultures learned to create a large variety of breads, cakes, pies,
pastas, granolas and cereal dishes. Cook books sprang up in
every culture, teaching and encouraging the use of grains and
sugars until human societies all over the world came to think
of bread as the “staff of life.”

Plants are able to store

carbohydrates as their chief
source of reserve energy. Water, mine rals and nitrogen in the
soil are taken up by the plant roots, stem (trunk), branches
and leaves. The plant leaves absorb carbon dioxide (CO,)
from the air. The energy from sunlight acting on water (H,O)
and carbon dioxide in the presence of chlorophyll produces
a chemical reaction known as “photosynthesis,” a process in
which the leaves manufacture sugar by breaking the carbon off
of the CO, and dumping the oxygen (O,) into the atmosphere
and then making carbon chains from the remaining carbon.

CO2 + H2O —(sunlight, chlorophyll)→ carbohydrates (CH2O) + O2

The sugar and carbohydrates manufactured in the
leaves will be used for energy to support the physiological
and biochemical activities and the growth of the plant or tree
- excess production above the plants immediate needs will be
stored as energy or “solar income” in the plants leaves, stems,
roots, seeds, pods and fruits - ultimately the sun provides
the energy to support all living systems on earth. To draw
on this “solar currency” stored in the plant, the carbohydrate
or sugar is “burned” in the human body producing chemical
energy and the byproducts of carbon dioxide and water.

Glucose and complex carbohydrates can provide
fuel for energy that is required for human movement,
mechanical work and life itself. Grains furnish a major source
of carbohydrates for humans and have the highest yield of
stored solar energy per acre of land when compared with
other foods.

The level of carbohydrate consumption varies
significantly between countries and regions within countries.
In America, approximately 45% of the diet is carbohydrates
(in poorer section of big cities the percent of carbohydrates
in the diet rises to 65% or more); in Asia, a high rice diet,
carbohydrates can make up 65% or more; in the tropics as
much as 90% of dietary energy comes from carbohydrates.

Carbohydrates are classified as monosaccharides,
disaccharides, oligosaccharides and polysaccharides. The
monosaccharides or simple sugars cannot be hydrolyzed
to a simpler form. Disaccharides can be hydrolyzed to give
two molecules of the same or different monosaccharides.
Oligosaccharides yield three to ten monosaccharides and
polysaccharides yield more than ten simple sugars, up to
10,000 or more.

Carbohydrates ofall kinds (sugars and starches) provide
a protein-sparing effect. If little or no sugar or carbohydrate is
in a meal, the body, will breakdown protein into glucose via a
process known as gluconeogenesis.

===== Screenshot (40) =====

Monosaccharides

Glucose: (dextrose, grape sugar) is found in abundance
in fruit, sweet corn, corn syrup, sugar beets and honey.
Glucose is the principal sugar produced by the breakdown of
the more complex carbohydrates in the process of digestion.
Glucose is the “blood sugar” found in the blood stream (10
gm in an average size adult).

Glucose is burned in the cells as fuel to produce energy
and is stored in the liver and muscles as glycogen, a complex
carbohydrate called “animal starch.”

Approximately 110 gm of glycogen is stored in the
liver and 225 gm is stored in the skeletal muscles. Typically
the brain uses glucose as its primary energy fuel.

Fructose: (levulose, fruit sugar) is found together with
glucose and sucrose in honey and fruit. It is the sweetest of the
natural sugars. Sweeteners containing glucose and levulose
can be made from grains (corn) as well as from the sugar beet
and sugar cane to make high-fructose corn syrup.

Sorbitol: a hexahydric alcohol derived from glucose,
it has the sweetening power similar to glucose. Sorbitol is
absorbed slowly and it serves to keep blood sugar levels high
following a meal. It is commonly used in weight loss products
as an aid to delay the onset of hunger pangs. Sorbitol has the
same energy value as glucose and is naturally found in many
fruits, vegetables and diet aids.

Galactose: is not found by itself in nature but is part
of the lactose or milk sugar molecule. It is found naturally in

nerve tissue.

Mannitol: is a hexahydric alcohol derived from


 

mannose and is found in a wide variety of foods. It is poorly
digested and thus yields about half as many calories per gram
as glucose. Dried pineapple, olives, asparagus, sweet potatoes,
carrots and “sugarless” gum often contain mannitol.

Xylitol: a sugar alcohol of xylose with the sweetness of
sucrose, it is absorbed at only one fifth the rate of glucose; for
this reason xylitol is commonly used in sweeteners and foods
for diabetics; it is also used in “sugar free” chewing gum and
high quality weightloss chocolates. Xylitol is found naturally
in fruit and vegetables.

Disaccharides

Disaccharides, or double sugars, include sucrose (cane
or beet sugar), maltose (malt sugar) and lactose (milk sugar):

Sucrose = glucose + Fructose

Maltose = glucose + glucose
Lactose = glucose + galactose

Disaccharides are broken apart into the single
monosaccharides before being absorbed through the intestine.

Polysaccharides

The primary polysaccharides commonly found in
human nutrition including starch, dextrin, cellulose and
glycogen are simply chains of glucose molecules.

===== Screenshot (41) =====

Dietarv fiber is different than simple crude fiber.
In addition to lignin and cellulose, dietary fiber contains
hemicellulose, gums, pectin, and other carbohydrates that are
indigestible by humans.

Mucopolysaccha rides occur mixed with protein in body
secretions and physical structural units and are necessary for
the natural viscosity of body mucus secretions.

Mucopolysaccharidesa refound insignificant quantities
in food. Some of the more common mucopolysaccharides
include hyaluronic acids (HA) found in intercellular tissues
including cartilage; chondroitin sulfate, typically found in the
cornea of the eye, cartilage, tendons, ligaments, intervertebral
discs, skin, aorta and heart valves; heparin, a naturally
occurring anticoagulant found in blood; keratosulfates witch
are associated with blood groups; and dermatan sulfate found

in skin.
Proteins

Protein, is derived from the Greek, “ of first importance”
was isolated almost 200 years ago. Proteins, the key organic
compounds of all living tissue and organisms are nitrogen
containing carbon compounds that will yield amino acids
when broken down into the basic building blocks.

Proteins are the fundamental structural compounds
in the cell; they are essential components of the nucleus and
protoplasm of every cell. Proteins are the most abundant of
the organic compounds in the body.

Most of the protein in the human body is found in
skeletal muscle; the balance is distributed in soft tissue,
internal organs, bones, teeth, blood and other body fluids.

Hormones and enzymes are proteins that do work.
As proteins are required for essential functions in the body,


 

and since many indispensable protein components can’t be
manufactured by the body and must be obtained solely through
dietary sources, it is obvious that the amounts and quality of
the protein sources are matters of considerable importance.

Composition and functions of Protein

Proteins, like fats and carbohydrates, contain carbon,
hydrogen and oxygen, however, they also contain 16%
nitrogen along with sulfur, and can contain phosphorus, iron
and cobalt. The building blocks of proteins are the amino
acids. They are found in chains in a number of geometric and
chemical combinations to form unique proteins, all of which
are very large and complex molecules, each having its own
physiological function.

Even though they are structurally complex, proteins
are easily broken apart by enzymatic action or boiling in acid
or alkaline solutions.

Plants obtain their nitrogen from the nitrates and
ammonia in the soil, and with them are able to synthesize
protein. Animals and humans obtain their nitrogen by eating
plants and other animals. The byproduct of animal metabolism
(feces, urine), excretion and death returns the nitrogen to the
soil - this continuing cycle is termed the “nitrogen cycle.”

Essential Amino Acids

There are 12 amino acids that are required by the body
as protein building blocks, and because the body is unable to
manufacture them, they are termed “essential amino acids.”
If any of these “essential” amino acids are missing from the

===== Screenshot (42) =====
diet for any length of time, a specific, sometimes reversible
disease will occur.

Valine methionine’
Tyrosine histidine
Tryptophan Phenylalanine
Lysine arginine
Isoleucine Taurine
Threonine Leucine

Proteins can be broken down and used as a source of
heat and energy. Proteins supply four kcalories per gm, the
same as using carbohydrate for fuel; however, the process is
more biologically “ expensive” than burning carbohydrates for
fuel (five percent of calories required to burn carbohydrates
and fat versus 30% calories to burn an equal amount of
protein).

* Selenium researcher, Dr. Gerhard Schrauzer, considers selenomethionine,
the selenium analog of methionine the 13th essential amino acid.

Lipids

Lipids (fats) are a large heterogeneous group of
compounds made up of fatty acids. This group of organic
compounds includes ordinary fats and oils, waxes and related
compounds. They all have the common features of being
insoluble in water; soluble in organic solvents such as ether
and chloroform; and they are utilizable and required by all
living organisms.

The majority (98%) of the fats found in the human
body, are triglycerides, and the greater majority of these are
long chain triglycerides. The balance of lipids found in the
body, are comprised of monoglycerides and diglycerides, free
fatty acids, phospholipids and sterols.


 

Fatty acids are described by three characteristics:

1) chain length; 2) degree of “saturation” with hydrogen;
and 3) the location of the first “double bond” on the carbon
chain.

The length of a fatty acid is determined by the number
of carbon atoms in the chain - C16 refers to 16 carbons in the
chain. The chains can be further described by “short” (six or
fewer carbons); “medium” (seven to 11 carbons); and “long”
(12 or more carbons).

The degree of hydrogen “saturation” is defined by the
number of double bonds between the carbon atoms in the
chains. A chain may contain all of the hydrogen it can hold
and have no double bonds, in this instance it is referred to as
a “saturated fatty acid.” The chain may contain one double
bond and be called a monounsaturated fatty acid, or it can
be a polyunsaturated fatty acid and contain several double
bonds. The location of the first double bond as counted from
the tail of the fatty acid is the omega number (i.e. - omega-3,
omega-4, etc.).

Fats supply a concentrated source of energy. Each gram
of fat supplies 9 kcalories, whichis more than twice the amount
of energy supplied by each gram of carbohydrate. Because of
the high energy density and low solubility of fats, they are
used as a storage form of energy. Up to two thirds of the total
energy of the cells may be supplied by triglycerides rather
than carbohydrate. Fat spares protein for tissue synthesis.

Fats aid in the transport and absorption of the fat-soluble vitamins A, D, E and K. Fats spare thiamin since they
can be metabolized for energy without the need for thiamin,
whereas, the metabolism of carbohydrate requires thiamine.

Triglycerides: (the primary component of fats and
oils) are similar to carbohydrates in that they are composed
of carbon, hydrogen and oxygen. One hundred grams of fat
from triglycerides will contain 95 grams of fatty acids.

===== Screenshot (43) =====

Cholesterol: Cholesterol is a member of a large group
of compounds known as sterols. They all have the same
complex ring structure. The “ol” ending of the cholesterol
indicates that it is an organic alcohol.

Cholesterol is an essential nutrient and an essential
component of the structural membranes of all cells, all steroid
hormones and is a major component of brain (myelin) and
nerve cells.

Cholesterol is found only in animal tissues, however,
some similar sterols are found in plants. Ergosterol, a yeast
sterol, is converted to vitamin D2 when exposed to ultraviolet
light. Cholesterol is converted by the intestinal mucosa
to 7-dehydrocholesterol, the provitamin of vitamin D3,
cholecalciferol. This process is also carried out by the skin and
other tissues, when exposed to ultraviolet light and sunlight.

Essential Fatty Acids (EFA): Three polyunsaturated
fatty acids, linoleic, linolenic and arachidonic acids, have
essential fatty acid activity. Only linoleic and linolenic
fatty acids have been designated as essential fatty acids, as
arachidonic acid can be synthesized from linoleic acid.

The essential fatty acids have important roles in fat
transport and metabolism and in maintaining the function
and integrity of cellular membranes.

The essential fatty acids are the building blocks and
raw materials for a group of hormone-like compounds
including prostaglandins, thromboxanes and prostacyclins,
that participate in the regulation of blood pressure, heart rate,
vascular dilation, blood clotting, lipolysis, the central nervous
system and airway dilation.

The daily requirement for the essential fatty acids is
two to three percent of the total calories consumed. A daily
diet containing 1,500 calories would dictate an essential fatty
acid requirement of 45 calories or five grams of EFA.


 

The EFA Health Claim Story

Ithad been known for more than 65 years that there were
in fact essential fatty acids that were required in the human diet
for optimal health, disease prevention and longevity, however,
because the FDA ruled that the information was “inconclusive”
it was deemed illegal to inform people that they could reduce
their risk of stroke and coronary thrombosis sudden death by
supplementing with omega-3 essential fatty acids.

To make a long story short, Wellness Lifestyles,
Inc (Wallach) filed a petition for an Amended Health
Claim: Omega-3 Fatty Acids and Coronary Heart Disease
(Co-Petitioner); Docket No. 03Q-0401; filed on 6/23/2003;
qualified claim allowed by FDA on 9/8/2004. Claim approval
from the FDA was hard fought and won so that the world
would have access to the benefits of supplementing with
omega-3 essential fatty acids to reduce their risks of stroke
and sudden death from heart attacks.

Vitamins

Vitamins are an essential group of unrelated organic
carbon compounds needed only in minute quantities in the
diet. They are essential for metabolic processes within the
cell and necessary for normal growth, maintenance and
longevity. Deficiencies of many vitamins during pregnancy
can result in catastrophic birth defects (neural tube defects,
mental retardation, muscular dystrophy, cystic fibrosis, cleft
lip, cleft palate, heart defects, etc.).

Many vitamins act as coenzymes or a prosthetic group
of enzymes responsible for facilitating essential physiological
reactions.

===== Screenshot (44) =====

Vitamins are often called “accessory food factors”
in view of the fact that they do not in of themselves supply
calories or contribute to building body mass.

Vitamins regulate metabolism, participate in the citric
acid cycle and converting fat, sugar, carbohydrates and
proteins into energy.

There are three categories of vitamins:

1) Water soluble vitamins: B complex and vitamin C

The B complex consists of 10 separate water soluble
vitamins. In general they function as essential nutrients in the
metabolic processes of all living cells by acting as cofactors
in multiple enzyme systems that drive the oxidation or
“burning” of food and the production of energy.

Thiamine or B, is essential throughout life for tissue
respiration and energy production. Thiamine combines with
phosphorus to form the coenzyme thiamine pyrophosphate
(TPP), which functions as a cocarboxylase enzyme. TPP is
required for the oxidative decarboxylation of pyruvate to form
active acetate and acetyl coenzyme A, the central compound
of the Krebs cycle.

Clinical thiamine
primarily involves the nervous system and cardiovascular

signs of deficiency (beri-beri),
systems.

; Mild deficiencies produce mental confusion, muscular
weakness, peripheral paralysis, calf muscle tenderness,
muscle fatigue, emotional instability, loss of appetite, loss of
interest in daily tasks and general lethargy.

Chronic deficiencies of thiamine result in a polyneuritis
and congestive heart failure with edema and life-threatening
pulmonary edema.

Central nervous manifestations include
stiffness while walking and Wernicke-Korsakoff syndrome,
an encephalopathy that is expressed as a loss of short term

system


 

memory (looks like early Alzheimer’s disease), disorientation,
nystagmus (rhythmic side to side movements of the eyes) and
ataxia (a type of staggering gait).

Simple consumption of thiamine and elimination of
sugar from the diet oftentimes will produce a rapid cure.

Riboflavin or vitamin B, was recognized in 1879 as a
yellow-green fluorescent pigment in milk whey. The biological
significance of this yellow pigment was not understood
until 1932 when a team of German investigators isolated
“Warburg’s yellow enzyme” from yeast and demonstrated
that the substance was necessary for the functioning of an
intracellular enzyme. The substance was synthesized in 1935
by Kuhn and named riboflavin.

Riboflavin is present in small amounts in milk, cheddar
and cottage cheese, organ meats (liver, heart, kidney, etc.),
eggs and green leafy vegetables.

Deficiency symptoms begin with soreness and burning
of the lips, mouth and tongue (glossitis); photophobia;
lacrimation; burning and itching of the eyes; and loss of visual
acuity.

Chronic deficiency of riboflavin results in the
development of cheilosis (fissuring of the lips) and angular
stomatitis (cracks in the skin at the corner of the mouth).

Niacin (nicotinic acid) or vitamin B,, its deficiency or
pellagra has been recognized for centuries where people used
corn as a staple diet - it was described by Casal of Spain in the
early 18th century and in Italy soon afterwards.

Pellagra was first described in the United States in the
early 1900s. It was initially thought to be an infectious disease
and the federal government built “retardation centers” across
the old Confederate states and treated pellagra patients in
much the same manner as tuberculosis patients. The United
States Bureau of Public Health eventually identified the

===== Screenshot (45) =====

root cause of pellagra to malnutrition and a corn-based diet
resulting in a niacin deficiency.

Niacin functions in the body as a component of the
coenzymes nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) and
nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate (NADP),
known as the pyridine nucleotides. The coenzymes are
necessary for the function of subcellular respiratory enzymes.
NAD is also used in glycogen synthesis.

The early stages of niacin deficiency show up as
muscular weakness, anorexia, indigestion and skin eruptions.
Severe deficiency of niacin produces classic pellagra which is
characterized by the “3 D’s” of pellagra (dermatitis, dementia
and diarrhea), tremors and sore tongue or “ beef tongue.”

The role of corn based diets in the precipitation of
pellagra is well known. There is very little niacin in corn
and the tryptophan in the corn is unavailable and can’t be
absorbed from the intestine, as a result there is no available
tryptophan to be converted into niacin.

In successful corn consuming
Mexico, Central America and South
soaked in lye and wood ashes overnight before it is consumed
- the alkali in the lye and wood ashes allows the tryptophan
to be absorbed and pellagra is rare; in India where sorghum
or millet is a common food, high levels of leucine in the

societies such as in
America the corn is

grains produce an increased requirement for vitamin B, and
several of the enzymes in the tryptophan-niacin pathway are
B, dependent, therefore a diet high in sorghum or millet can
produce pellagra.

Pantothenic acid or vitamin B. is part of coenzyme A,
which functions in two-carbon unit metabolism. Pantothenic
acid is required for the metabolism of carbohydrates, lipids
and proteins.

Deficiencies of pantothenic acid appear as dermatitis,
burning sensations of the feet, pain in the arms and legs, loss of
appetite, nausea and indigestion -many become quarrelsome,


 

sullen and depressed, fainting attacks and tachycardia (rapid
pulse rate) are common.

Pyridoxine or vitamin B, was identified in 1938 as a
fraction or separate entity of the vitamin “B-complex.” Vitamin
B, is a functional complex of three closely related chemical
compounds - pyridoxine, pyridoxamine and pyridoxal.

Deficiency of B, produces depression, nausea, vomiting,
seborrheic dermatitis, mucus membrane lesions, peripheral
neuritis, ataxia, hyperacusis, hyperirritability, altered mobility
and alertness, abnormal head movements and convulsions.

Treatment of tuberculosis patients with Isoniazid
produces an antagonistic reaction against pyridoxine function
which then results in the classical symptoms of deficiency.

“Morning sickness” commonly observed in the first
trimester of pregnancy is thought to be due to pyridoxine
deficiency.

Fifteen to 20 percent of women taking oral contraceptives
show the symptoms of pyridoxine deficiency manifested by
malaise, depression and glucose intolerance.

A deficiency syndrome for pyridoxine has been
identified in mentally retarded children that also have
convulsions due to an inborn error of B, metabolism. It is
thought that these children are unable to synthesize GABA;
correction of this syndrome requires daily ingestion of large
amounts of B, to prevent permanent retardation.

Children with cryptogenic epilepsy that appears at
several years of age will require large oral doses of vitamin B,
to improve the EEG and control the seizures.

Folacin or folic acid was identified as one of many
growth factors in bacteria and laboratory animals and in
the prevention and treatment of anemia. It was synthesized
in 1946 and quickly established as an essential nutrient for
humans.

Folic acid deficiencies may be the most common

===== Screenshot (46) =====

vitamin deficiency in humans. The deficiency of folic acid
produces poor growth, megablastic anemia, multiple blood
disorders, glossitis and gastrointestinal tract disturbances.

Protein malnutrition can impair the utilization and
function of folicin and conditions in which the requirements
are unusually great, such as pregnancy, hemolytic anemia,
leukemia, I lodgkin’s disease and drugs (methotrexate).

In pernicious anemia (B,, deficiency), folic acid will
produce a marked improvement in the anemia, however,
the gastrointestinal symptoms and neurologic lesions will
continue to progress - this is referred to as the “masking
effect” of folic acid.

Untreatedandunmanaged gluten-sensitive enteropathy
(celiac disease) can result in folic acid deficiency.

Neural tube defects (hyd roencephaloceole, spina bifida,
etc.) are extremely common in babies born to women who have
folic acid deficiency during the first trimester of pregnancy.

Cobalamin or vitamin B,, was isolated from a liver
extract in 1948 and shown to prevent and reverse pernicious
anemia. The vitamin B,, structure contains the heavy metal
cobalt, chelated in a large tetrapyrrole ring very similar in
structure to the porphyrin ring structure of hemoglobin and
chlorophyll.

The form of vitamin B,, originally isolated contained
cyanide (cyanocobalamin). Several cobalamin compounds
have vitamin B,, activity including cyanocobalamin and
hydroxycobalamin.

Cobalamin is poorly absorbed from the intestinal tract
unless the “intrinsic factor” (a mucoprotein enzyme called
“Castle's intrinsic factor”) is present in the gastric secretions.

The presence of hydrochloric acid is necessary to
split vitamin B,, from its peptide bonds. The intrinsic factor
combines with vitamin B,, in the food and in the bound form
becomes adsorbed to a receptor in the membranes of the


 

ileum, through which it is actively transported to the cells in
pinocytic vesicles and calcium is a required cofactor for this
transfer to take place.

There is an enterohepatic circulation of B,, that recycles
the vitamin from the bile and other intestinal secretions - this
conservation pathway is the reason why vitamin B,, deficiency
can take so long to develop in vegans. 7 ‘

Vitamin B,, is present in significant levels in animal
proteins. Vitamin B,, is found in liver, kidney, fresh whole milk,
eggs, cheese and muscle meats are rich sources. Pasteurized
and evaporated milk have lost 40 to 90% of vitamin B,,. While
a small amount of bacterial synthesis of vitamin B,, occurs in
the colon, distal to the terminal ileum, it can’t be absorbed.

Deficiencies of vitamin B,, can occur when the stomach
pH (acid level) rises toward neutral or alkaline levels and/or
when insufficient amounts of intrinsic factor are produced.
Surgical resection of or the by-passing of the intrinsic factor-secreting portions of the stomach (fundus and cardia) or of
the ileum (celiac disease, Crohn’s disease, etc.) can produce
vitamin B,, deficiency.

Vegans (vegetarians who consume only grains, fruit,
vegetables and nuts to the complete exclusion of animal products
and supplements) have an extremely low intake of vitamin B,,
and are very likely to develop a vitamin B,, deficiency and a
classic megaloblastic anemia and a classic and progressive
demyelinating neuropathy unless they supplement.

Biotin or vitamin H (coenzyme R) was first isolated in
1936 and synthesized in 1943. Originally biotin deficiency was
observed in chicks and rats that were fed raw egg whites, which
it was learned later, contained an “egg-white-injury” factor.

Avidin, a material found in egg white, combines with
biotin in the intestine making it unavailable for absorption.
It takes 24 raw egg whites to contribute enough avidin to
create a biotin deficiency in humans. Avidin is denatured and

===== Screenshot (47) =====

rendered harmless by normal cooking temperatures.
Symptoms of biotin deficiency in humans include skin
lesions over the nose and mouth, depression, hyperesthesia
and _ paresthesia particularly over the extremities, muscle
pain, conjunctivitis, blepharitis and a progressive loss of hair

and hair color.

Choline has been known for more than 100 years as
being essential and it has a vitamin-like coenzyme function.
Man can synthesize choline from the amino acids methionine
or serine in the presence of vitamin B,, and folacin. The rate at
which choline can be synthesized is insufficient to meet daily
requirements and for this reason it is considered an essential
nutrient.

The function of choline in humans is part of the
metabolism of and in the transport of fat from the liver. A
deficiency of choline can result ina fatty liver. Asa component
of phospholipids, choline functions in triglyceride transport
and in cell membrane structure. In the liver, choline forms
lecithin (phosphatidyl choline). During this process, fatty
acids are removed from the glycerides of the liver, thus
reducing the triglyceride level.

Choline is also a component of another phospholipid,
sphingomyelin, which is an important component of the
brain and peripheral nerves. As a precursor for acetylcholine,
choline is involved in the transmission of nerve impulses.

Deficiencies of choline result in a “fatty liver,” which
ina severe, form can land you ona liver transplant list. Large
doses of choline have proved to be beneficial for managing
and alleviating the symptoms of tardive dyskinesia and
Huntington’s disease in humans.

Inositol was identified as a vitamin in 1940. It
occurs abundantly in diets containing whole grains and
raw vegetables as inositol phospholipids and as phytic acid
(inositol hexaphosphate or “phytates”).


 

Phytic acid interferes with the absorption of calcium,
iron, zinc and other nutrients - on one hand a required nutrient
and on the other a negative in the diet.

Myoinositol, “muscle sugar,” has a chemical structure
that resembles glucose and is concentrated in the brain,
cerebrospinal fluid, skeletal muscle, heart muscle and other
tissues. Free inositol is found in especially high levels in the
organs of the male reproductive tract, particularly in semen.

Inositol has been shown to have a therapeutic role in
diabetic neuropathy.

Deficiencies of inositol will produce pathological fatty
liver disease.

Ascorbic acid or vitamin C is known to prevent and
cure scurvy. Scurvy was first described during the Crusades
and was common among soldiers and sailors until the Dutch
discovered that the consumption of citrus fruit and fresh
vegetables could prevent and cure the disease. British sailors
were oftentimes referred to as “limeys” because they carried
lemons (not limes) on their ships to prevent and cure scurvy.

The identification of ascorbic acid as the specific agent
that prevented and cured scurvy did not occur until the 20th
century. Pure ascorbic acid was isolated in 1928 by Albert
Szent-Gyorgyi, who discovered it in adrenal tissue, orange
and cabbage and identified it as hexuronic acid. It was not
until 1932 that C. Glenn King at the University of Pittsburgh
reisolated ascorbic acid from lemons that it was identified as
vitamin C and had the properties of preventing and curing
scurvy in guinea pigs.

After much fanfare, vitamin C supplementation has
been shown to reduce the rate, severity and duration of a cold
on the average by 20%.

A deficiency of vitamin C is characterized by general
weakness, poor appetite and growth, anemia, tenderness,
swollen and inflamed gums, bleeding gums, loose teeth,
osteoporosis, swollen wrist and ankle joints, shortness of

===== Screenshot (48) =====

breath, small pin-head hemorrhages (petechial), fractures,
wounds heal slowly, scars break open, secondary infections
are common, depression and neurotic disturbances including
hysteria.

Cigarette smoking increases the need for ascorbic acid
to about twice the normal requirement.

2) Fat soluble vitamins: A, D, E,and K

Fat soluble vitamins are related primarily as a result of
their being soluble in lipids and insoluble in water and they
are stored primarily in the bodies fat stores - this simple fact
is where their similarities end.

The fat soluble vitamins are absorbed along with other
common and essential dietary lipids and any health challenge
or health practice that interferes with the absorption of fats
(antibiotic use, gall bladder disease, celiac disease, dietary
fat deficiencies, high fiber diets, mineral oil
consumption during meals and overt deficiencies) interferes
with fat soluble vitamin absorption and function.

extremely

Retinol or vitamin A was the first fat soluble vitamin
be recognized. McCollum and Davis at the University
f Wisconsin and Osborne and Mendel at Yale University
re te ohte sd their discoveries almost simultaneously in 1913. They
observed that young weanling animals became unhealthy,
failed to thrive and grow when fed fat free diets.

Investigators also noted that those animals that lived
longer on fat free diets developed inflammation and infections
of the eyes - these conditions were quickly rever sed when fats
from butter or cod liver oil were added to the diet.

In 1924, Bloch, showed that
xerophthalmia in children was the same disease described in
1913 in laboratory rats, and that the disease could be prevented
or cured by adding liver, butter or cod liver oil to their diet.

a Danish investigator,


 

Vegetables were later found to contain vitamin A
activity in relation to their carotenoid content - carotene,
cryptoxanthin and other yellow, red or orange pigments that
were oftentimes hidden by the green pigment of chlorophyll.

Vitamin A Content of Food*

 

 

Food WE
Liver, beef, 100 gm 43,900
Carrots, raw, 1 medium 11,000
Sweet potato, baked, 1 sm 8,100
Spinach, cooked, 1/2 cup 7,300
Apricots, dried, 8 halves 5,500
Squash, winter, 1/2 cup 4,200
Cantaloupe, 1/4 melon 3,400
Broccoli, 1 stalk 2,500
Crab, 100 gm 2,170
Peach, 1 medium 1,330
Halibut, 125 gm 850
Egg yolk, 1 medium 580
Milk, whole, 1 cup 370
Cheese, cheddar, 1 oz. 370
Orange, 1 medium 300
Butter, 1 tsp 165
Margarine, fortified, 1 tsp 165
Apple, 1 medium 140
Peanuts, raw, 100 gm 16

*USDA 1984

===== Screenshot (49) =====
Vitamin A Functions:

Vision

Growth and bone development

Epithelial tissue development and maintenance

Immune system support

Anti-cancer function

Calciferol or vitamin D was recognized, in the Middle
Ages, as a prevention and cure for rickets, however, it was not
until WW I that the cause and effect of vitamin D deficiency
was recognized as the spec ific cause of rickets.

Vitamin D was separated from vitamin A in
by McCullum. In 1924 Steenbock and Hess discovered that

irradiationwithultravioletlightproducedantirachitic properties
to certain foods. In 1936, Windaus demonstrated that the natural

1922

prehormone found in the skin which converts to calciferol
when irradiated by UV light was 7-dehydrocholesterol.

In 1968, Blunt, De Luca and Schnoes discovered that
the metabolically active form of vitamin D was not calciferol
but rather 25-hydroxycholecalciferol (vitamin D,), which was
synthesized in the body from calciferol when the skin was
exposed to ultraviolet light or sun light.

In 2006 Dr. Michael Holick, a professor of medicine,
physiology and biophysics at Boston University said, “The
bottom line is, we now recognize that vitamin D, is important
for health for both children and adults and may help prevent
many serious chronic diseases.”
Holick’s studies have shown that deficiencies of
vitamin D, in adults results in an increase in risk of heart

attacks, increased mortality in breast and colon cancer


 

victims, increased risk of mortality in dialysis patients and an
increased risk of developing type II diabetes in children.

A large study reported in the June 8, 2007 issue of the
American Journal of Clinical Nutrition, is the first study in which
researchers significantly boosted - and measured - blood levels
of vitamin D, and then followed identical groups of patients
from start to finish.

“The findings, whichshow areductionin the risk of several
types of cancer by 60%, are a breakthrough of great medical and
public health importance,” said Cedric Garland, a prominent
vitamin D researcher at the University of California, San Diego.
“No other method to prevent cancer has been identified that has
such a powerful impact,” Garland continued.

The danger of vitamin D, deficiency is very high in the
21st century as people have been directed by their doctor and
the government to avoid the sun, spend little or no time in the
sun and when they do they are instructed cover themselves
with sun blockers, long sleeves, gloves and hats.

Vitamin D Functions:

Stimulates the active, intestinal

absorption of calcium.

energy requiring

Stimulates the active phosphate-transport system in
the intestine.

With the parathyroid hormone, it mobilizes calcium
from bone to maintain normal blood levels of calcium.

It mobilizes phosphate from the bone to maintain
proper serum phosphate levels.

It supports reabsorption of calcium from urine by the
kidney.

===== Screenshot (50) =====

It increases reabsorption of phosphate from urine by

the kidney.

Tocopherol or vitamin E was first identified by Evans
and Bishop in 1922, when they observed infertility in rats
could be reversed when they were fed a substance isolated
from vegetable oils. Vitamin E was chemically identified in
1938 and named tocopherol after tokos from the Greek which
translates to “offspring.”

Deficiency of vitamin E can produce a hemolytic
anemia (rupture of red blood cells), especially when diets are
too high in unsaturated fatty acids and iron. Deficiency also
produces muscle weakness, accumulation of ceroid lipofuscin
in smooth muscle, liver spots in the skin and creatinuria as
seen in muscular dystrophy and patients with celiac disease,
cystic fibrosis, sprue, etc.

Additional symptoms of vitamin E deficiency include
miscarriage, fetal reabsorption, testicular atrophy, birth
defects, muscular dystrophy, hemolytic anemia, myocardial
degeneration, encephalomalacia and liver necrosis.

Vitamin E Function:

Antioxidant activity which prevents the formation of

peroxides.

Prevents oxidation damage of polyunsaturated fatty

acids.

Enhances the activity of vitamin A by preventing its
oxidation.

Protects cellular and mitochondrial membranes from
oxidation.


 

The ability of vitamin E to protect membrane lipids from
peroxidation has been related to its anti-aging properties.

A relationship between vitamin E, selenium,
glutathione peroxidase, cystine and polyunsaturated fats in
the cell membrane has been clearly demonstrated.

Selenium, which activates glutathione peroxidase, destroys
peroxides after they are produced but before they can cause
cell membrane damage. f

Sulfur-containing amino acids, such as _ cystine,

maintain optimal tissue glutathione levels. ;

Phylloquinone or vitamin K is the naturally occurring
form of the synthetic fat soluble vitamin menadione (K).
In 1935, Dam in Copenhagen observed a fatal hemorrhagic
disease in newly hatched chickens fed a laboratory diet that
contained all of the known essential nutrients. When hog liver
fat extract or alfalfa was added to the diet normal clotting time
was restored.

In the liver, vitamin K is required as an essential cofactor
for an enzyme (carboxylase) that converts specific glutamic
acid residues of certain proteins to a new amino acid, alpha-carboxyglutamic acid (Gla) in the completed proteins. These
proteins include the vitamin K-dependent blood clotting
factors prothrombin (factor II) and factors VII, IX and X.

Several Gla-containing proteins are found as well.
The vitamin K-dependent Gla-containing protein called
“osteocalcin” is now known to modulate calcium deposition
into bone matrix - vitamin K is as essential to healthy bone
maintenance as vitamin D. It is this calcium-binding action of
Gla that gives prothrombin its unique place in coagulation.

The coumarin anticoagulant drugs (warfarin and
dicumarol) act to prevent coagulation by antagonizing the
action of vitamin K.

The deficiency of vitamin K is uncommon except when
an individuals diet is low in green leafy vegetables and the

===== Screenshot (51) =====

growth of intestinal flora has been inhibited by the use of
antibiotics or there is a fat absorption problem.

3) Flavanols (Bioflavonoids): Epicatechins and polyphenols.

Flavonoids or vitamin P commonly found in cocoa,
tea and wine are now considered to be the third category of
vitamins and are officially added to the water soluble and fat
soluble groups by Harvard Medical School.

Norman Hollenberg from Harvard Medical School
and Brigham and Women’s Hospital reports, “that the island-dwelling Kuna people who drink the flavanol-rich cocoa,
have a 10% lower risk of four of the five most common killer
diseases: stroke, heart failure, cancer and diabetes.”

“If these observations predict the future, then we can
say without blushing that they are among the most important
observations in the history of medicine,” said Hollenberg.

Flavonoids were first used clinically in 1936 by Szent-Gyorgyi to treat patients with diseases characterized by
increased permeability and fragility of the capillary wall that
resulted in hemorrhages.

The flavonoids found in “dark chocolate have been
found to lower blood pressure,” says Dr. Dirk Taubert from
the University of Cologne, Germany - an extensive report was
published in the August 27, 2003 issue of The Journal of the
American Medical Association.

Minerals

Minerals refer to elements in their simple inorganic
form. Unlike the carbon-based essential nutrients, which
plants can manufacture, plants can not manufacture elemental
and mineral nutrients and therefore man and animals must


either serendipitously or consciously consume them.

The Hunzas are legendary for long healthful lives. Their
health and longevity has been attributed to several things
including the minerals found in the “glacial milk” produced
by the Ultar Glacier grinding up rock and the resultant rock
silt being placed in their terraces through irrigation and the
compost (wood ashes, manure, kitchen wastes, etc.) regularly
used to fertilize their gardens.

After much consideration we realized that the people of
Hunza had a very unique combination of sources of minerals
and that only 0.00001% of humans on earth live near glaciers
and only 0.0001% of humans on earth live on flood plains that
are inundated with flood water every year with the resultant
silt (mineral dust) deposits revitalizing the soil - these facts
begged the question, “Where and how were the greater masses
of humans on earth getting their daily source of minerals.”

A determined search revealed that humans universally
used wood ashes (plant minerals - not carbon), peat moss ash,
rice straw ash, manure ash, kelp ash and kelp ash and sea salt
mixes as their basic and daily source of minerals. World wide,
humans used plant minerals from various and oftentimes
multiple sources (Hunzas - glacial milk and wood ashes;
Okinawa - wood ashes, rice straw ashes, kelp ash; etc.) for
fertilizing their gardens, thereby getting minerals indirectly that
were taken up by the fruits, vegetables and grains and adding
plant minerals directly into their food as “culinary ashes.”

There are three major categories of minerals known in
human and animal nutrition:

Major minerals
Trace minerals

Rare earths

===== Screenshot (52) =====

 

Chapter 5

Minerals - The Staff of Life

Minerals were used proactively as nutritional
supplements some 50,000 to 200,000 years ago. Originally the
source of minerals were the minerals in plant and animal food
sources and then at the start of “the Great Leap Forward”

humans began to proactively put plant minerals derived from
wood, grass, kelp and manure ashes onto and into their food
(“culinary ashes”).

The ancient civilizations of China, India and Egypt
learned to use pure elements and ground up jewel dust
(minerals) as medicines 6,000 to 10,000 B.C. to treat and cure
specific deficiency diseases.

Nutritional minerals never occurred in a uniform
blanket over the crust of the earth. These essential elements
occurred in veins like chocolate in chocolate ripple ice cream
or veins of gold and silver. Neighboring farms will often
have different varieties and amounts of minerals in their soil
- therefore the farmers and their families on one property
containing many minerals in large quantities could have few
diseases and live to the age of 103 years, while their neighbor
might have few minerals on their property with the result
they would be sickly and only lived to be 48 years of age - not
genetics, but rather a mineral deficient microenvironment.

As a result of the wide regional variation in mineral


content of the soil, diseases of deficiency appeared in
regional patterns. Iodine deficiency (goiter) occurred in
communities living at a distance from the sea; Keshan disease
(cardiomyopathy) caused by a selenium deficiency occurred
in Keshan Province, China; phosphate deficiency (pica) was
common in South Africa; copper deficiency (enzootic ataxia)
was common in Australia, etc.

Dr. Willhelm Heinrich Schuessler (1821 - 1898) of
Oldenburg, Germany, cremated the remains of indigent
patients in his hospital. He performed an analysis of the
resulting ashes using the limited techniques of the day. He
was able to identify 12 mineral elements which he called
“Tissue Salts”(“cell salts”) in the human ashes, and by
relating the mineral content of each body to the disease the
patient had suffered and died from he identified and created
12 “Biochemic Tissue Salts” or “cell salts” with which he then
successfully treated live patients who suffered from the same
diseases.

Schuessler published his findings in his classic book,
Shortened Therapeutics, in 1873.

Only when one looks at a USDA data base that
compares the level of vitamins and minerals in certain common
foods between 1975 and 2004, do we truly understand how
depleted our foods have become since we gave up the back
yard gardens and wood ashes (plant minerals).

===== Screenshot (53) =====


USDA Nutrient Data Base — vitamin & mineral levels in common foods, 1975 vs. 2004 (per 100 grams)

Vitamin A (International units per 100 grams)
Food              1975     2004  % change
Apples              90       54      -40%
Blueberries        100       54      -46%
Onions              40        2      -95%
Tomatoes           900      623      -31%
Corn               400      1.0     -400%
Broccoli         2,500    660.0      -74%
Strawberries        60     12.0      -80%

Iron (mg per 100 grams)
Food              1975     2004  % change
Apples             0.3     0.12      -60%
Blueberries        1.0     0.28      -72%
Onions             0.5     0.19      -62%
Tomatoes           0.5     0.45      -10%
Carrots            0.7     0.30      -57%
Spinach            3.1     2.71      -13%
Corn               0.7     0.52      -26%
Peas               1.9     1.47      -23%
Broccoli           1.1     0.73      -33%
Kale               2.7     1.70      -37%
Strawberries       1.0     0.42      -58%

Calcium (mg per 100 grams)
Food              1975     2004  % change
Apples             7.0      6.0      -14%
Blueberries       15.0      6.0      -60%
Onions            27.0     22.0      -18%
Tomatoes          37.0     33.0      -11%
Green beans       56.0     37.0      -33%
Corn               3.0      2.0      -33%
Peas              26.0     25.0       -4%
Broccoli         103.0     47.0      -54%
Kale             249.0    135.0      -46%
Strawberries      21.0     16.0      -24%

Vitamin C (mg per 100 grams)
Food              1975     2004  % change
Blueberries       14.0      9.7      -31%
Onions            10.0      6.4      -36%
Carrots            8.0      5.9      -26%
Potatoes          20.0     11.4      -43%
Green beans       19.0     16.3      -14%
Spinach           51.0     28.1      -45%
Corn              12.0      6.8      -44%
Broccoli         113.0     89.2      -21%
Kale             186.0    120.0      -35%
Strawberries      59.0     59.0       -0%

A simple barometer of the nutritional value of our diet
is to look at the health of immigrants. We can look at what
happens to people who leave their third world birth place
and come to the U.S. for a new life. In a study published in
the Journal of the American Medical Association, December 15,
2004, it was reported that, “The longer you live in America,
the more likely you are to be obese.” (Remember - obesity is a
mineral deficiency disease - not a disease of excess)
The study examined the obesity rates among

===== Screenshot (54) =====

immigrants compared with native born Americans. It found
that immigrants, regardless of race or country of origin, living
in the USA for more than 15 years resulted in an average of
a 10 pound weight gain. These events are the result of being
placed in the mineral deficient “Feedlot Syndrome” fostered
by the American “four food group” mentality, combined with
the loss of their historical “culinary” and garden ashes (plant
minerals) without any conscious effort to take responsibility
and supplement with plant minerals to replace the loss.

The most significant development in the trace element
field of study in the last 50 years of the 20th century was the
recognition that trace mineral elements have a fundamental
role in health maintenance for humans and that optimal intakes
from food sources can no longer be taken for granted.

Linus Pauling, two time Nobel laureate, and author of the
great work, The Nature of the Chemical Bond, relegated minerals
to secondary importance to vitamins, recommending only eight
to eleven minerals (calcium, magnesium, phosphorous, iron,
zinc, copper, manganese, chromium, molybdenum, iodine and
selenium) and then only at minimal doses - an example was
selenium for which he insisted the upper safe limit was 15 mcg
(today the recommended safe limit for selenium is 200 to 1,000
mcg for an adult). Pauling died of prostate cancer at age 94 - a
common result of a selenium deficiency.

The essential role of trace elements in the support and
maintenance of the human immune system in its fight against
bacteria, viruses, fungi and cancer, degenerative diseases and
birth defects are well documented. The mode of action and
the tissue concentrations of trace elements vary considerably.
The only common denominator of trace minerals is that they
are all found in exceedingly low levels in healthy tissue.
They are usually present in levels of parts per million (ppm);
micrograms/ gram (u/g); or as low as parts per billion (ppb)
or nanograms per gram (ng/g).

The concentration of trace elements in tissue or
requirement levels does not represent their relative importance


as an essential nutrient. The concentration of trace elements
and their functional concentration must be continuously
maintained within narrow physiological limits if the functional
and structural fabric of the tissues and organs of the animal
and human body are to be maintained for optimal fertility,
development, growth, health, energy and longevity.

Higher species such as birds, mammals, and humans
have a “homeostatic” mechanism that maintains tissue
concentrations of trace minerals at optimal levels at their
physiological sites at the cost of trace mineral reservoirs.

Almost all trace elements function as catalysts for a
cellular or sub-cellular enzyme system. Enzymes are simply
proteins that do work and in their role as catalysts their function
ranges from that of a weak ionic (pH affects) modulator to
highly specific metalloenzyme (“metallic finger”) functions
for DNA and RNA.

In metalloenzymes, the metal atom cannot normally
be substituted by any other trace element. Although Vallee
demonstrated that cobalt and cadmium can replace zinc in
certain enzymes with some change in substrate specificity but
the enzyme is not deactivated!

Because of the frequent wide disparity between
the absolute and the dietary requirements (results from
different intestinal absorption efficiencies for individuals and
individual elements) the most efficient form of trace mineral
supplement, such as plant derived colloidal minerals should
be consciously and proactively consumed.

For the metallic form of iodine the ratio of absorption
is almost 1:1; for iron its 1:10 and for chromium its 1:100.

The RDA (Recommended Daily Allowance) and
RDI (Recommended Daily Intake) and other dietary
recommendations for trace elements are conceived by the
National Science Foundation to “meet the needs of practically
all healthy people” - they are in reality not applicable for people
with increased energy requirements, “health challenges” or
full blown disease states.

===== Screenshot (55) =====
 


More than 79 elements and minerals have been detected
in animal and human tissue (i.e. - blood, liver, muscle, brain,
bones, connective tissue, etc.) in the 20th and 21st centuries. Their
presence in human tissue fulfills the first criteria for designating
an element or mineral an “essential nutrient.” Literally thousands
of additional studies provide support for designating 60 of these
79 elemental nutrients to be essential nutrients.

These studies were performed on animals at every stage
of life: pregnant, newborn, suckling, weanling, mature and
aged. These studies were carried out on animals of virtually
every description: laboratory mice, rats, rabbits, hamsters,
guinea pigs, dogs cats, pigs, sheep, cattle, horses, primates,
chickens, turkeys, ducks, hundreds of species of captive wild
animals, etc.

Minerals are required by humans for building and
maintaining structural components and enzymatic and
biochemical cofactors that facilitate the physiological workings
of the human cell, tissue, organ, system and body - nothing in
the body can function without mineral cofactors.

On the average there are ten deficiency diseases that
can occur in the absence of each essential mineral, others, like
calcium can produce as many as 147 different diseases when
the body is deficient.

Initial Depletion Phase

Initial depletion of trace elements in animals and
humans is characterized by changes only in the metabolism
of the element itself in response to a suboptimal intake, the
individual target tissue compensating so that no disturbance
of biological structure or function are detectable by means of
a test. However, the individual usually complains of “lack of

energy.”


Increased intestinal absorption efficiency, and/or
reduction in excretion; and gradual diminishment of body
reserves occur. Pica, or the “munchies” appear in a mild form
in this early stage of deficiency. This phase of trace mineral
deficiency returns to normal (including the elimination of
the “munchies”) quickly following the return of an optimal
intake.

Compensated Metabolic Phase

The compensated metabolic phase is characterized by
a reduction of certain specific biochemical functions, such
as trace mineral dependent enzyme reactions or receptor
sites. The “homeostatic” mechanism becomes ineffective
in maintaining the normal trace mineral concentrations at
receptor sites causing a reduction in biochemical function
(i.e. - low blood sugar, irregular heart beat, loss of hair color,
weight gain, mild obesity, etc.). The “munchies” become
consciously evident in the individuals everyday life - they
become “chocoholics” or “cola addicts.” Supplementation
with minerals will, quickly reverse the symptoms, behavior
changes, including pica, and the more extreme “munchies.”

Decompensated Metabolic Phase

The decompensated phase of trace element deficiency is
characterized by the appearance of serious clinical symptoms
or defects in the metabolic (i.e. - pre-diabetes, significant weight
gain, obesity), cognitive (i.e. - learning disabilities, ADD,
ADHD, autism, etc.), emotional (i.e. - DR. Jekyll/Mr. Hyde,
“Bad Seeds,” depression, manic depression, bipolar, anger,

===== Screenshot (56) =====
 


rage, anxiety attacks, panic attacks, etc.), developmental (i.e.
- dyslexia, gay orientation, spina bifida, neural tube defects,
cleft lip, cleft palate, heart defects, cerebral palsy, Downs
Syndrome, etc.), structural (i.e. - muscular dystrophy, morbid
obesity, etc.), fatigue and loss of work stamina and reduction
of the longevity of a species (i.e. - average lifespan of an M.D.
in the U.S. is 56 years of age).

Obsessive pica and the “munchies” are obvious, even
to the casual observer - the affected individual is aware that
they can not help themselves in curbing their cravings and
appetites by means of conscious will alone.

Clinical Phase

The clinical phase of trace mineral deficiency is
characterized by the onset of full blown disease states and
even death (i.e. - cardiomyopathy, diabetes, aneurysm,
arthritis, periodontal disease, degenerative disc disease,
cataracts, goiter, morbid obesity, etc.). For most trace
mineral deficiencies in the clinical phase, correct diagnosis
by the “orthodox” physician is almost nonexistent; the cure,
however, is accomplished simply by the replacement of the
specific trace element.

A correct diagnosis can lead to a remarkably rapid
positive clinical response ranging from 48 hours to 30 days for
recognizable results; including the loss of one pound of excess
weight per day on a proper mineral supplement program;
others do not reach full return to normal after permanent
biochemical (i.e. - gout), chromosomal (Downs Syndrome) or
gross physical damage (i.e. - cataracts) has occurred.


Metallic Minerals

Metallic minerals include egg shell, oyster shell,
calcium carbonate, limestone, coral calcium, dolomite,
bentinite, inorganic mineral salts, sea water, Great Salt Lake
minerals, mineral oxides (i.e. - iron oxide, copper oxide, zinc
oxide, etc.), vortex waters, sea bed minerals, “soils” (which
are usually clay), sea bed clay, clay, “rock flour,” and various
antacids such as Rollaids and Tums.

Typically, metallic minerals are found in tablets,
powders, capsules and a few are found as liquids (i.e. - calcium
gluconate solutions, zinc gluconate solutions, etc.), lactates,
sulphates, carbonates, oxides, sea water, etc.

Metallic minerals, despite wild claims to the contrary
are only 8 to 12% biologically available to younger animals
and humans; after attaining the age of 35 to 40 years, the
availability of metallic minerals for humans plummets to 3 to
5%.

A typical metallic mineral supplement, either alone or
part of a multiple is calcium carbonate. Calcium carbonate can
be purchased in 1,000 mg tablets or capsules, which breaks
down to 400 mg of metallic calcium and 600 mg of carbonate.
Two 1,000 mg calcium carbonate capsules or tablets do not
give you 2,000 mg of calcium - they only supply 800 mg of
elemental calcium and at a 10% availability rate you will net
only 80 mg of available calcium. Therefore, to get 2,000 mg of
usable calcium from a 1,000 mg capsule or tablet of calcium
carbonate, you would have to take 25 capsules each day! A
100 capsule bottle of calcium carbonate will therefore only
last 4 days.

===== Screenshot (57) =====
 


 

Amounts of Metallic Calcium in a 1,000 mg Tablet

Calcium Source Mg Available

Calcium gluconate 90
Calcium carbonate 400
Calcium acetate 230
Calcium citrate 210
Calcium lactate 140
Cow’s milk (1,000 mg fluid) 10

Chelated Minerals

Chelated (Key-lay-ted) minerals were an invention of
the livestock industry. In the 1940s, the livestock industry, to
ensure maximum availability of dietary and supplemental
minerals fed to livestock being fattened for market, created a
new form of minerals.

The original chelating agent use was calcium EDTA, a
man-made amino acid that was created by the Germans just
prior to WWI to antidote arsenic and lead exposure in chemical
warfare attacks (calcium EDTA is used today for intravenous
chelation therapy to open up obstructed arteries).

The term chelated, from the Latin, literally means “claw,”
but in more modern times it is used to describe the process by
which an amino acid, protein or enzyme (enzymes are proteins
that do work) is wrapped around the mineral molecule which
enhances the bioavailability of the metallic mineral.

Chelated minerals are approximately 40 to 65%
bioavailable, a 400% increase over the availability of metallic
minerals - certainly, a significant improvement over the


amounts elemental minerals that are absorbed.

Chelated minerals are easily recognized on the label
of a multiple vitamin/ mineral supplements or free standing
single supplement such as selenomethionine, chromium
picolinate, or sometimes as an “amino acid chelate.”

Colloidal Minerals

Colloidal (Koal-oid-ul) chemistry, while not a new
concept, is not widely known about or understood by the
general public. Simply s said, a colloid refers to a substance
that exists as ultra fine particles (Angstrom unit) that are
suspended in a medium of different matter. The colloidal
state is the state of a solute (mineral or other substance such
as a paint pigment) in a solution when its molecules do not
separate into atoms as with a true solution (sodium chloride
or salt separates into separate sodium and chloride atoms
while in solution), but rather the colloidal particle remains
grouped together to form solute particles.

The presence of these inorganic colloidal particles,
which are approximately one hundred-thousandth to one ten-millionth of a centimeter in diameter (about 400 thousandths
to four millionths of an inch), can often be detected by means
of an electron microscope. As a result of the grouping of the
molecules, a solute in the colloidal state cannot passively pass
through a suitable semi-permeable membrane and gives rise
to a negligible osmotic pressure (they will pass through filter
paper), depression of freezing point and elevation of boiling
point effects.

These ultra-fine particles of the colloid are just barely
larger than most molecules and are so small that they cannot
be seen with the naked eye-about one billion of these colloid
particles would fit into 0.01 cubic inch.

===== Screenshot (58) =====
 


The “solution” part of a colloid provides a solid, gas or
liquid medium in which the colloid particles are suspended.
The suspended particles in a colloid can also be a solid, gas or
liquid.
In 1925,

categories:

H. Freudlich classified solutions into three

1. True solutions



2. Colloidal solutions

3. Emulsions and suspensions

The four part method of classifying solutions is as
follows:

1. Identify particle size
2. Determine the presence of Brownian movement
(random movement of particles suspended in liquids or
gases resulting from the impact of molecules of the fluid
surrounding the particles).

3. Ability to pass through filter paper
4. Level of solubility

In 1975, S.S. Voyutsky (a Russian) wrote the classic
text on colloidal chemistry. Voyutsky referred to solutions as
“molecular dispersion systems” and “heterogeneous highly
dispersed colloid systems.” pn

The exact point between molecular and the colloidal
degrees of dispersion cannot be established because the
transition from molecularly dispersed systems to coarsely
dispersed systems is a continuum.


 

A colloidal system must have three basic characteristics:

1. It must be heterogeneous (consists of dissimilar
ingredients or constituents).

2. The system must be multi-phasic (i.e. - solid/liquid,
gas/ liquid, etc.)

3. The particles must be insoluble (do not dissolve in
the solution).

Each one of these classifications interacts with the
others to give colloids their unique qualities. The interesting
thing about colloids is that they remain heterogeneous, multiphasic and insoluble at different concentrations as long as a
larger number if not all of the particles are within a range of
sizes of colloids (1nm to 100nm) known as “nano-technology.”

The molecular groups or particles of the colloid solute
carry a resultant electrical charge, generally the same sign
(negative) for all of the particles. A small percentage of these
inorganic colloids will pass through the intestine of a living
animal or human because a natural chelating process takes
place in the gut in the presence of protein-containing food.

Inorganic colloidal material which readily passes
through filter paper may be separated from dissolved
substances, such as starch, sugar or salt, by placing the
mixture of mineral colloid and non-colloid in a parchment
shell surrounded by distilled water. The inorganic colloids are
“too large” to pass through the membrane, but the molecules
of salt, starch and sugar or any other dissolved substances
pass readily through the semi-permeable membrane (they
separate into individual atoms or very small molecules). This
kind of separation process is referred to as “dialysis.”

In the process of digestion, the inorganic minerals in
food or supplements soon become inorganic colloids and as an
inorganic colloid they cannot penetrate the intestinal wall to

===== Screenshot (59) =====
 


enter the blood stream. In the presence of amino acids, a small
percentage of the inorganic colloids form chelated minerals
and organic colloids which are able to be dialyzed through the
mucus membranes of the intestinal walls into the blood stream
- this bio-available mineral state is known as a “crystalloid.”

Crystalloids or organic colloids readily pass
through cell walls, while inorganic colloids are “too large.”
Additionally, we must remember that in the living organism
there are other physiological forces at work, notably “active
transport,” which interferes with or modifies the expected
osmotic phenomenon.

Active-transport, refers to the physical act of the
intestinal mucosal cell reaching out with a pseudopodium,
engulfing and transporting the particle into itself and then
transported into the adjacent blood stream. In fact almost all
absorbed food and nutrients are absorbed into the human
body by active transport rather than by a passive trip through
a semi-permeable membrane.

Colloidal mineral supplements and commercial colloids are found in four different forms:

1. Unprotected colloids are made of bare “rock flour,”
this is the form of inorganic colloids found in the sea bed
minerals, clays, “soils,” and “glacial milk.” This form of
inorganic colloid is in fact a metallic mineral and is only
efficiently available to plants when there is a healthy soil
population of bacteria and fungi.

2. The second type of mineral colloid is found in living
systems of bacteria, fungi, green plants (food crops), animals
and humans and is coated with a water-loving (hydrophilic)
substance such as gelatin, albuminoids or collagen. This
coating protects the now “organic mineral colloid” and allows
it to be a crystalloid for absorption, storage and physiological
uses and thus maximizing its bioavailability up to 98%.

3. The third type of organic mineral colloids has a protective coating of carbon with a molecular chain length
of 10 to 12 carbon atoms. This type of colloid is also found
in bacteria, fungi, plants (including some forms of petrified
wood), animals and humans and is thought to be the most
stable form of natural organic mineral colloid.

4. The fourth type of mineral colloid is not found in
nature, but rather is manufactured industrially by coating the
metallic colloid with sulfated castor oil (lipophilic or fat or
oil loving) to form commercial detergents.

The following list of elements and minerals is presented
in alphabetical order according to the chemical symbols of
each:

Ac- Actinium originates in igneous rocks and is usually
found at extremely low concentrations of 5.5 x 10% ppm.
Actinium is readily absorbed by plant roots, however, very
little is transported to the stem, leaves, and shoots of the plant.

Actinium is a metal and like radium it glows in the
dark. Its name is taken from the Greek word aktinos, which
translates to “ray” or “beam.”

There are 26 known isotopes of actinium and all are
radioactive to some degree. Its chemical properties resemble
those of the rare earth element lanthanum.

Actinium accumulates in and presumably has metabolic
functions in the bones and liver.

Ag-Silver originates from igneous rocks and
sedimentary rocks. It’s found at the rate of 0.07 ppm in rocks,
0.01 ppm in soils, 0.00013 ppm in fresh water and 0.0003
ppm in sea water. It is present in marine algae at 0.25 ppm,
land plants from 0.06 ppm to 1.4 ppm in accumulator plants
growing near silver ore. Epiogonum ovalifolium is a silver
accumulator and silver indicator plant.

===== Screenshot (60) =====
 


Silver is found at 3.0 to 11.0 ppm in marine animals,
0.05 to 0.7 ppm in terrestrial mammals and at 0.16 to 0.8 ppm
in muscle tissue. Even tortoise shell contains silver at 0.05 to
0.7 ppm.

Silver is one of the few metals found in its free state
in nature and was known in ancient times and derives its
chemical symbol, Ag, from the Latin word argentums, which
translates to silver.

Silver has been used for money since biblical times and
so it is often referred to as a “coinage” metal.

Silver has been employed in human health care and the
search for immortality, since the time of the Chinese alchemist
8,000 B.C. Many feel that silver is in fact an essential element,
not because it is required by an enzyme system, but rather
because it serves as a systemic disinfectant and immune
system stimulator.

Sir Malcom Morris reported in the British Medical Journal
(May 12, 1917) that colloidal silver is free from the drawbacks of
other preparations of silver, viz. pain caused and discoloration
of the skin. Instead of producing irritation, it has a distinctly
soothing effect. It rapidly subdues inflammation and promotes
healing of the lesions. It can be used with remarkable results
in enlarged prostate with irritation of the bladder, in pruritus
ani and perineal eczema, and in hemorrhoids.

J. Mark Hovell reported in the British Medical Journal
(December 15, 1917) that, “colloidal silver has been found to
be beneficial for permanently restoring the patentcy of the
Eustachian tubes and for reducing nasopharyngeal catarrh.
Colloidal silver has also been used successfully in septic
conditions of the mouth (including pyorrhea alveolysis -
Rigg’s disease), throat (including tonsillitis and quincies),
ear (including Menier’s symptoms and closure to Valsalva’s
inflation), and generalized septicemia, leucorrhea, cystitis,
whooping-cough and shingles.”

Taken internally, the particles of colloidal silver are
resistant to the action of dilute acids and alkalis of the stomach


 

and intestine. Consequently they continue their catalytic
action and pass into the intestine unchanged.

T.H. Anderson Wells reported in Lancet (February
16, 1918) that a preparation of colloidal silver was “used
intravenously in a case of puerperal septicemia without any
irritation of the kidneys and with no pigmentation of the
skin.”

Silver sulfadiazine (Silvadene, Marion Laboratories) is
used in 70% of the burn centers in America. Discovered by
D. Charles Fox, Columbia University, silver sulfadiazine has
been used successfully to treat syphilis, cholera, and malaria;
it also stops the Herpes simplex virus responsible for cold sores
and fever blisters.

Silver is an anti-bacterial, anti-viral, anti-fungal, anti-metabolite that disables specific enzymes that microorganisms
use for respiration. Silver is such an efficient bactericide that
our great-grandmothers put silver dollars into fresh milk to
keep bacterial counts down and to keep it from spoiling at
room temperature.

One of the most common uses of silver in orthodox
medicine is in “silver fillings” in dentistry. A typical “filling”
is a mix of silver powder and mercury. The silver dissolves in
the mercury to form an “amalgam.”

The mercury portion of the amalgam has been the
subjects of many law suites because of its known toxic effects
on the brain (selenium is the specific antidote for mercury
poisoning).

Humans can consume 400 mcg of silver per day. A
silver “deficiency” results in an impaired immune system. In
The Body Electric, Dr. Robert Becker identified a relationship
between low levels of tissue and dietary silver and the rate
of illness. He stated, “Silver deficiency was responsible for
the improper functioning of the immune system” and “silver
does more than just kill disease causing organisms, It was
also causing major growth stimulation (another criteria for
essentiality) of injured tissue.”

===== Screenshot (61) =====
 


Human fibroblast (stem) cells were able to multiply at a
greater rate, producing large numbers of primitive, embryonic
cells in wounds. These stem cells are able to differentiate into
whatever cell types that are necessary to heal the wound or
replace tissue mass.

Dr. Bjorn Nordstrom of the Carolinska Institute, Sweden
has used silver in his alternative cancer therapy programs.
According to Science Digest (Silver: Our Mightiest Germ
Fighter. March, 1978) silver is an antibiotic. Silver kills over 650
disease-causing organisms. Resistant strains fail to develop as
they do with prescribed antibiotics. Silver is absolutely non-toxic to humans at standard rates of consumption. CAUTION:
chronic overdoses can cause a whole body tattoo that produces
a permanent dusky blue discoloration of the skin.

Al-Aluminum is found in igneous rocks at 5,000 ppm,
82,000 ppm in shales, 25,000 ppm in sandstone, 4,200 ppm in
limestone, and 71,000 ppm in clay. Aluminum represents 12%
of the earth’s crust and is the third most abundant element in the
earth’s crust and the most abundant metal in the earth’s crust.
Aluminum is nontoxic and is found in high concentrations in
all plants grown in the soil, including common organically
grown food crops such as beans, tomatoes, squash, apples,
bananas, tea, wine, buckwheat and wheat.
Aluminum is found in large biological quantities in every
plant grown in the soil. You can’t eat any grain, vegetable,
fruit, or nut or drink any natural water source or juice without
taking in large quantities of aluminum.

The aluminum found in plants is organically bound
colloidal aluminum and appears not to have any negative or
toxic affect and in fact appears to meet all of the requirements
to be designated an essential nutrient.

rice, oats,

Acid soils yield the highest amounts of soil aluminum
to plants. Aluminum is found in marine plants at 60 ppm and
is especially high in plankton and red algae. Aluminum is


 

found in terrestrial plants at an average of 500 ppm, with a
range of 0.5 to 4,000 ppm. It is found in marine mammals at
19 to 50 ppm. In mammals, the highest levels are found in hair
and lungs.

Aluminum is found naturally in significant levels in
all healthy plant based foods grown in soil including grains,
vegetables, nuts and fruit. The amount of aluminum in infant
formulas averages 0.9 mg/kg of body weight per week for
milk based formulas and 1.1 mg/kg of body weight per
week for soy-based infant formulas. Some soy-based infant
formulas contain four times the average levels found in the
survey which was conducted and reported July 16, 2008 by
European scientists who were rerunning a 2007 report that
had been published by WHO.

Aluminum’s known biological function is to activate
the enzyme succinic dehydrogenase. Deficiencies of aluminum
created in laboratory diets results in congenital limb defects
(non-genetic birth defects) in laboratory animals and cirrhosis
of the liver in mature animals. Aluminum supplementation
increases the survival rates of newborns, and according to
professor Gerhard Schrauzer, former professor and chairman
of the department of chemistry at UCSD, is “probably an
essential mineral for human nutrition.”

A single faulty study over 35 years ago suggested a link
between chronic aluminum exposure and Alzheimer’s disease.
In a subsequent study that appeared November 5, 1992 in the
journal Nature, Frank Watt, et al (Oxford University) used a
highly accurate technique to quantify the levels of aluminum
in the brains of Alzheimer’s patients. To their surprise, they
found the same levels of aluminum in the brains of the non-Alzheimer’s controls as they did in their Alzheimer’s patients.
The June 1997 issue of the Berkley Newsletter reported that
there is no link between Alzheimer’s disease and aluminum.

In November 2007, the Federal Institute for Risk
Assessment issued an updated opinion on the risk of
developing Alzheimer’s through consuming food with

===== Screenshot (62) =====
 


aluminum in it, and they maintained that there is no scientific
proof of any risk of developing Alzheimer’s disease from the
consumption of aluminum found in consumer products.

Am-Americum is a radioactive isotope and has a half
life of 7,950 years. Americum is a transition element, one
of the elements that follows uranium in the periodic chart.
Like all of the transition elements, it is a man made element.
Americum was discovered in 1944 by Glenn T. Seaborg at
the Metallurgical Laboratory at the University of Chicago, a
laboratory that became the Argonne National Laboratory.

Americum-241 emits both alpha particles (helium
nuclei) and gamma rays (similar to X rays) and has a half-life
of 470 years. It is used in home smoke detectors, in which
alpha particles emitted by this isotope ionize the surrounding
air by stripping electrons from gas molecules. Ionized air is a
relatively good conductor of electricity; smoke particles in the
air reduce its electrical conductivity and generate a signal that
sets off the alarm.

Americum accumulates in mammalian bone.

Ar-Argon is found in igneous rocks at 3.0 to 5.0 ppm
and can be used to date ancient rocks using the potassium/
argon dating system. It is found in fresh water and sea water at
0.06 ppm and mammalian blood at 0.75 ppm and constitutes
about one percent of the earth’s atmosphere making it the
third most abundant gas in the air. Argon is a “noble” gas
that is chemically inert, is colorless and odorless.

In the year 2000, a group of Finnish researchers
demonstrated that in spite of its lack of chemical reactivity it
was possible to combine argon with fluorine and hydrogen
and form fluorohydride, or HArF.

Argon, discovered in 1894 by the English physicist
Lord Rayleigh and the Scottish chemist William Ramsay, was
the first noble gas to be identified. Rayleigh was awarded the
1904 Nobel Prize in physics for the discovery. They identified


 

the new element by means of the light it gave off when an
electrical discharge was passed through the gas. They called it
argon, translated from the Greek word argos, meaning “lazy”
or “inactive.”

Argon gas is used to fill incandescent bulbs to prevent
corrosion of the tungsten filament; it is used in the detector
probe of Geiger counters to detect radiation; and it is the
decay product of an important radioisotope used for dating
rock samples. The isotope is potassium-40, a naturally
occurring radioactive isotope with an extremely long half-life
of 1.25 billion years. Argon is formed as the product of the
disintegration of the radioactive potassium - the potassium-argon dating system. Because potassium is present in many
rocks, an analysis of the amount of argon present in the rock
will effectively reveal the date at which the rock solidified.

As-Arsenic is found in igneous rock at 0.0 to 8.0 ppm,
shale at 13.0 ppm, sandstone and limestone at 1.0 ppm, fresh
water at 0.0004 ppm, seawater at 0.003 ppm, and soils at 6.0
ppm. Argentina and New Zealand actually have toxic levels
of arsenic in some soil regions. Arsenic also accumulates in
marine plants at the rate of 30.0 ppm, terrestrial plants at 0.02
ppm, marine animals at 0.005 to 0.3 ppmand terrestrial animals
at a rate of less than 0.2 ppm with the arsenic concentrating in
the hair and nails.

Arsenic is often thought of as a semimetal or metalloid.
Although a small quantity of arsenic does occur in nature in
its free form, most arsenic is found in a number of mineral
compounds such as realgar and orpiment - both compounds
are mixes of arsenic and sulfur. The history of arsenic dates
back to ancient China, the Greeks and Romans. Its name is
thought to have been derived from the Latin arsenicum for
orpiment, a common, widely used gold-like yellow pigment.

Arsenic was determined to be an essential nutrient
in 1947; the French Academy first identified arsenic in
dead human bodies in 1834. Arsenic normally appears in

===== Screenshot (63) =====
 


human female blood at 0.64 ppm. Levels rise to 0.93 ppm
during menstruation and 2.20 ppm during months five and
six of pregnancy. At 90 to 120 ppm, arsenic promotes and
enhances the growth rate of chicks. The rate of growth and
metamorphosis of tadpoles is enhanced by the presence of
arsenic as well.

Compound “606,” an arsenic containing compound
(arsphenamine) was developed in 1910 by Paul Ehrlich, the
German scientist, for the successful treatment and cure of
syphilis.

Arsenic in combination with the B-vitamin choline
prevents 100% of perosis (“slipped tendon”) in poultry. Arsenic
deficiency in humans results in a “carpal tunnel syndrome,”
“TMJ,” and other “repetitive motion” type degenerative joint
diseases and minute traces stimulate the production of red
blood cells.

According to the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer
Center in New York, “infusions of arsenic works better than
any other drug for the treatment of certain types of leukemia.”
Their study involved 12 seriously ill patients suffering from
acute promyelocytic leukemia (APL).

In the November 5, 1998 issue of The New England Journal
of Medicine, Dr. Raymond Worrel Jr. stated, “We now know
that arsenic can safely bring patients with APL into remission,
which may ultimately give them a second chance at life.”

Eleven of the 12 patients went into remission within
12 to 39 days after starting the arsenic therapy - eight, of the
original APL test group, were still in “remission” ten years
after the therapy began. “ Based on highly sensitive test results,
treatment with arsenic appears to exceed the effectiveness of
any single drug to treat APL,” said Dr. Steven Soignet, lead
author of the study.

Arsenic metabolism is affected by tissue and blood
levels of zinc, selenium, arginine, choline, methionine,
taurine and quaniacetic acid, all of which affect methyl-group
metabolism and polyamine synthesis which is the site of


 

arsenic function in human physiology.

At-Astatine has 20 known radioactive isotopes with an
extremely short half-life of 7.2 to 8.0 hours. The isotope with
the shortest half-life is astatine-210 with a half-life of 8.3 hours.

Astatine was first made in 1940 by a team of
radiochemists from the University of California at Berkeley.
They produced astatine by bombarding bismuth with alpha
particles. They named the element from the Greek word
astatos, which translates to “unstable.”

Astatine is a member of the halogen family so that it
is not surprising that its chemical character is similar to that
of iodine; its physical characteristics are more metallic than
those of iodine.

Small quantities of astatine are produced naturally as
the decay products of isotopes of uranium and thorium. The
total amount of astatine estimated to be present in the earth’s
crust at any one time is estimated to be one ounce.

Astatine is accumulated by the mammalian and human
thyroid following ingestion, however, little is retained and it
is rapidly excreted.

Au-Gold is found in igneous and sedimentary rocks at
0.004 ppm, fresh water at 0.00006 ppm, sea water at 0.000011
ppm, marine plants at 0.012 ppm, terrestrial plants 0.005 to
0.002 ppm, marine animals at 0.0003 to 0.008 ppm, terrestrial
animals at 0.00023 ppm, and in mammalian liver gold forms a
colloid.

Gold is considered the most precious of all metals and
was used in conjunction with silver and mercury by the ancient
Chinese alchemist 8,000 B.C. to provide “immortality”. In its
pure state, gold is one of the most beautiful of elements. With
its bright yellow color and its resistance to corrosion, it has
been highly prized since ancient times. Its chemical symbol,
Au, comes from the Latin word aurum, which translates to
“shining dawn.” It has even older origins, coming from the
Sanskrit word jval and the Anglo-Saxon word gold, both

===== Screenshot (64) =====
 


 

meaning “gold.”

In nature, gold is usually found as a pure metal, most
often in the form of nuggets, flakes or “dust.” It also occurs in
veins of pure gold or in deposits of a class of minerals called
tellurides. It is widely distributed around the world and is
always found near deposits of quartz and pyrite.

Gold dissolves in mercury to form an amalgam, or
alloy of mercury and gold - this gold-mercury amalgam is
used by dentist to fill teeth. A radioactive isotope of gold
with a short half-life of 2.7 days is used to treat some forms of
cancer. Known as gold-198, it is easily produced by exposing
natural gold to a beam of neutrons in a nuclear reactor.

Gold will dissolve very slowly in the solution of
hydrochloric and nitric acids that was called “aqua regia”
by the alchemists because of its ability to dissolve the king of
metals.

Gold concentrates in the horsetail plant (Equisetum
arvense). Gold compounds (gold sodium thiomalate, gold
thioglucose also known as aurothioglucose) are frequently
administered by orthodox physicians as an add-on therapy
with salicylates (aspirin) for arthritis when added pain relief
is required. Gold has been reported only to be effective
against active joint inflammation and is not usually helpful
for treating advanced destructive rheumatoid arthritis.

B-Boron is found in igneous rocks at 10 ppm, shale at
100 ppm, sandstone at 35 ppm, limestone at 20 ppm, fresh
water at 0.013 ppm, seawater at 4.0 to 6.0 ppm, soil from 2.0
to 100 ppm (highest levels are found in saline and alkaline
soils), marine plants 120 ppm (highest levels found in brown
algae), terrestrial plants at 150 ppm (chenopodiaceae and
plumboginaceae are indicator plant families), marine animals
at 20 to 50 ppm, and terrestrial animals at 0.5 ppm.

Boron is a scarce element, making up only 0.0003% of
the earth’s crust. In its pure state, it is a brownish crystal that is
almostas hard a diamond. Boron was first isolated in 1808 by the


 

English chemist Sir Humphry Davy and two French chemists,
Joseph Louis Gay-Lussac and Louis-Jacques Thenard.

Boron is never found in its pure form in nature. Boron
is commonly found in combination with oxygen, water and
sodium in a compound called borax. Boric acid is another
important boron compound. It is made by heating borax with
either hydrochloric or sulfuric acid. Boric acid is a weak acid
that has an antiseptic property and is commonly used as a
wound disinfectant and an eye wash.

Boron is essential for bone metabolism including the
efficient use of calcium and magnesium and proper function
of endocrine glands (i.e. - ovaries, testes and adrenals).

Pure boron is hard and gray and melts at over 4,000
degrees F. Boron is a non-metallic mineral, occurs as a
combination in nature (i.e. - borax, boric acid or sassolite,
ulexite, colemanite, boracite, and tourmaline).

Prior to 1981, boron was not considered an essential
nutrient. Boron was first shown to be an essential mineral for
growing chicks. It was not until 1990 that boron was accepted
as an essential nutrient for humans.

Boron is required for the maintenance of bone density
and normal blood levels of estrogen and testosterone. Within
eight days of supplementing boron, women lost 40% less
calcium, 33% less magnesium, and less phosphorus through
their urine. Women receiving boron supplements had blood
levels of estradiol 17B doubled to “levels found in women
on estrogen replacement therapy.” Levels of testosterone
also double in both men and women following boron
supplementation.

Industrially, boron is used to make a special heat-resistant type of glass, known as borosilicate glass, which
usually carries the commercial name of Pyrex™. The most
common use of Pyrex™ is in the kitchen, where Pyrex™ glass
baking dishes and measuring cups are used because they can
withstand rapid changes in temperature without cracking.

===== Screenshot (65) =====
 


Ba-Barium is found in igneous rocks at 425 ppm, shale
at 580 ppm, sandstone at 50 ppm, limestone at 120 ppm, fresh
water at 0.054 ppm, sea water at 0.03 ppm, soil at 500 ppm,
marine plants at 30 ppm (highest levels in brown algae),
terrestrial plants at 14 ppm (the fruit of Bertholletia excelea can
have up to 4,000 ppm), marine animals 0.2 to 3.0 pm (highest
levels in hard tissues such as bone and shell), and terrestrial
animals at up to 75 ppm (highest levels found in bone, lung
and eyes).

Barium is an abundant element, ranking sixth in
abundance of the elements making up the earth’s crust. It is
found in the minerals witherite, a barium carbonate (BaCO.,),
and barite, a barium sulfate (BaSO,). Barium was discovered
by Sir Humphry Davy, the English chemist in 1808.

Radiologists use barium sulfate to facilitate the
examination of a patient’s gastrointestinal tract with X-rays.
Barium sulfate is a very dense salt that is opaque to X-rays.
When a patient drinks a suspension of barium sulfate in
water or is given a barium enema, consisting of a similar
suspension, the barium sulfate particles temporarily fill all of
the hollow organs of the gastrointestinal tract. As the barium
sulfate absorbs X-rays and blocks their transmission, the
gastrointestinal organs will be clearly outlined in white in an
X-ray film.

Barium was considered essential for mammals in 1949.

Be-Beryllium is found in igneous rocks at 2.0 to 8.0 ppm,
in shale at 3.0 ppm, sandstone and limestone at < 0.1 ppm, fresh
water at 0.001 ppm, sea water at 0.0000006 ppm, soil at 0.001
ppm, marine plants (highest levels in brown algae), terrestrial
plants at < 0.1 ppm (highest in plants grown in volcanic soils),
and terrestrial animals at 0.0003 to 0.002 ppm in soft tissue.

Beryllium heads the group of elements known as the
“alkaline-earth” metals. The most abundant elements in this
group are calcium and magnesium, but they all share common
chemical and physical properties. Even though several forms


 

of beryllium are found in the earth’s crust, it is a relatively
rare element, ranking only 32nd in order of the abundance of
the elements.

Beryllium in its pure state is a fairly hard, gray-white
metal. It is one of the lightest of the metals, however, it is hard
enough to scratch glass. As with all the alkaline-earth group,
beryllium is much too chemically reactive to be found in its free
state. It readily reacts with oxygen and many other elements.

The mineral known as beryl is actually a complex
compound of beryllium, silicon, aluminum and oxygen. Its
scientific name is beryllium aluminum silicate. Beryllium
was discovered in 1798 by the French chemist Louis-Nicolas
Vauquelin, while comparing the structures of beryl and
emerald

The mineral beryl is the most common source of
beryllium. Beryllium was formerly known as “glucinium”
because beryllium, like many of its compounds, has a sweet
taste.

Crystals of this valuable mineral have been collected
and used for jewelry for thousands of years. Both emerald
(green) and aquamarine (blue) gemstones are naturally
occurring forms of beryl. Gemstones, including emeralds,
have been used as sources of exotic minerals in Ayurvedic
and Egyptian medicine for thousands of years.

Inhalation of beryllium oxide dust (mining and
industrial contaminants) can lead to “berylliosis,” a painful
and sometimes fatal lung disease.

Bi-Bismuth is found in igneous rocks at 0.17 ppm, shale
at 1.0 ppm, sea water at 0.000017 ppm, terrestrial plants at
0.06 ppm, marine animals at 0.09 ppm, and terrestrial animals
at 0.004 ppm.

Bismuth is a white, heavy, brittle metal that has a slight
yellow cast. Bismuth has been known in the West since the
early 15th century; it was often confused with tin or lead.

===== Screenshot (66) =====
 


 

Claude Geoffroy the Younger, a French Nobleman is credited
with its identification in 1753.

Bismuth has been used by the Chinese alchemist to
treat gastric ulcers and gastroenteritis for more than 8,000
years; today it is used for over-the-counter GI remedies (Pepto
Bismol™) and as a filler, “glitter” and “shimmer” in many
cosmetics.

Stress has historically been blamed as the boogy-man
as the cause of gastric, peptic, and duodenal ulcers. Animal
and human studies have in fact demonstrated that the true
cause of ulcers is an infection with a bacterium known as
Helicobacter pylori.

Australian gastroenterologist Barry Marshall, M.D.
and pathologist J. Robin Warren proposed their theory for the
bacterial cause of gastric ulcers in 1983. The bacterial cause
(H. pylori) for gastric ulcers was known in pigs in 1952.

The treatment of choice for gastric ulcers is a course of
tetracycline antibiotics, antacids, and bismuth subsalicylate for
two to four weeks. You've heard of bismuth used for treating
stomach and intestinal disorders if you have ever heard of a
pink liquid with the name of Pepto Bismol™.

Br-Bromine is a “halogen” related to iodine. It is found
in igneous rocks at 3.0 to 5.0 ppm, shale at 4.0 ppm, sandstone
at 1.0 ppm, limestone at 0.2 ppm, fresh water at 0.2 ppm, sea
water at 65 ppm, soil at 5.0 ppm, marine plants at 740 ppm
(highest levels in brown algae), terrestrial plants at 15 ppm,
marine animals at 60 to 1,000 ppm, and terrestrial animals at
6.0 ppm.

Bromine functions in its active form as brominated
amino acids. In its pure form, bromine is a diatomic molecule
(two bromine atoms) that is a reddish liquid. Bromine and
mercury are the only two elements that are liquids at room
temperature.

Bromine was discovered by a young French student,
Antoine-Jerome Balard, in 1826. He first isolated the element


 

by adding chlorinated water to the brackish water found in
the salt marshes near Montpellier, a city in southern France.
The addition of the chlorine turned the water brownish. The
cause of the color change was found to be a new element that
the French Academy named bromine, taken from the Greek
word bromos, which translates to “stench.”

Sodium bromide, a salt of bromine, is a mild sedative
that was commonly used in the late 19th and early 20th
centuries. People still speak of taking a “bromide” to calm
down and ease stress and tension.

There is strong evidence for Bromine’s essentiality in
mammals and humans.

C-Carbon is found in igneous rocks at 200 ppm, shale
at 15,300 ppm, sandstone at 13,800 ppm, limestone at 113,500
ppm, fresh water at 11 ppm, sea water at 28 ppm, soils at
20,000 ppm (up to 90% of the carbon in soil is bound in the
humus), marine plants at 345,000 ppm, terrestrial plants at
454,000 ppm, marine animals at 400,000 ppm, and in terrestrial
animals at 465,000 (280,000 ppm in bone).

Carbon comprises only 0.09% of the earth’s crust by
mass, however, it is the element most essential for life on our
planet. When we examine the molecules that make up the cells,
tissues, organs and bodies of animals and tissues of plants
we see that almost all contain carbon. Organic chemistry is
the chemistry of organic compounds. Carbon is the center
of the “organic” world because of its ability link with other
carbon atoms to form long chains that are straight and linear
or branched. These carbon chains act as a spine to which other
elements are attached, producing an almost endless number
of possible carbon-containing molecules.

An example of a well known long-chain carbon
molecule is deoxyribonucleic acid, or DNA, found in the
genetic material of all living organisms, plant and animal.
DNA stores information for the construction of an immense

===== Screenshot (67) =====
 


 

number of proteins manufactured by plant and animal cells,
and it can replicate or copy itself. Found in the nuclei of all
plant and animal cells, DNA is essential for the reproduction
of living organisms.

In addition to its occurrence in organic compounds,
carbon also exists in its free state in nature, where it is found
in several different physical forms. When an element exists
in several different physical forms it is referred to as an
allotrope.

In the case of carbon allotropes, it is found as diamond
- the hardest of all materials. Carbon is also found as graphite
and coal. The atoms of carbon in graphite are arranged in
layers, like the pages of a book. Because the bonds between
these layers are weak, the layers easily slide over one another,
causing graphite to be soft and slippery which makes graphite
useful as a lubricant and as a marking material in pencils.

In 1985, a new allotrope form of carbon was created
in the laboratory of Harold W. Kroto at the University of
Sussex in Brighton, England, and Richard E. Smalley at Rice
University in Houston, Texas, using laser beams to vaporize
graphite. They named the new allotrope carbon molecule
buckminsterfullerene after the Americanarchitect Buckminster
Fuller, who became famous for designing geodesic dome
structures that resembled soccer balls (“buckyballs”).

Coal, primarily a mixture of carbon and more than 77
minerals, contains carbon ina noncrystalline form. It is a major
source of “solar income” energy for industry and domestic
use. Like oil and natural gas, coal is considered a “fossil fuel”
because it is the product of the decay of plants and animals
over hundreds of millions of years. Hard or anthracite coal is
the older form of coal and is thought to be approximately 250
million years old - it contains 80% carbon. Bituminous or soft
coal contains only about 40 to 50% carbon, and is the younger
form of coal.

The 1991 data from the United States Department of
Energy shows that 23.2% of the energy used in the United

States comes from coal, approximately 40% from petroleum,
and 24% from natural gas. Fossil fuels provide 90% of the total
energy consumed in the U.S.

Industrial, automotive and home use of carbon fuels and
respiration of vertebrates and many microorganisms produce
large amounts of carbon dioxide (CO,) as a byproduct.

Carbon dioxide has, since the beginning of time,
influenced the temperature of the earth by a process called
the “greenhouse effect.” Like the glass roof of the green house
carbon dioxide allows the “solar income” to pass through the
atmosphere and reach the earth’s surface - this is essentially a
one way event that traps heat in the earth’s crust.

While many individuals and organizations, want to
blame man’s activities and pitifully small biomass for “global
warming,” we must look to the past for the cycles of Ice Ages and
“global warming” that have taken place over and over through
the millennia to understand the cyclic nature of these events.
The proven method of delaying and/or reducing the “global
warming” effects of our times is to simply plant more trees and
let the trees convert the CO, into oxygen (O,) and water (H,O)!

Carbon functions as an essential structural element for
all living organisms and organic molecules (i.e.- carbohydrates,
fats, amino acids, vitamins, enzymes, etc.).

Carbohydrates & Sugars

In modern times, carbohydrates commonly furnish
most of the energy required to move, perform work and
for all of the basic biochemical functions of life itself. While
carbohydrates and sugars are convenient sources of fuel for
energy, they are not essential nutrients as all living organisms
can make them by reconfiguring proteins and fats.

The chief sources of dietary carbohydrates include

===== Screenshot (68) =====
 


 

grains, vegetables, fruits and sugars (i.e. - honey, molasses).
Carbohydrates in their simplest form have the formula CH,O.

Hy droge n and oxygen are present in the same ratio that is
found in water with one carbon for each molecule of water.

By using the sun’s light energy, the carbon dioxide
from the air and the chlorophyll dependent process known as
photosynthesis, plants are able to manufacture carbohydrates
(sugar and starch), vitamins, amino acids, and fatty acids.

To manufacture carbohydrates, plants take CO, and
H,O and subject them to a photochemical process known as
photosynthesis. In the presence of chlorophyll, a magnesium/
carbon ring structure, carbohydrate is produced using the
energy from sunlight - O, is released to the atmosphere as a
by-product of the reaction.

Carbohydrates
(glucose or

monosaccharides
fructose, etc.), disaccharides (sucrose
glucose and fructose; maltose = glucose and glucose; lactose =

are classified as

‘grape sugar,”

glucose and galactose), oligosac <charides, and polysaccharides
(starch, dextrin, fiber, and glycogen or “animal
starch” are all complexes of glucose units).

cellulose,

Lipids & Fats

Lipids or fats, like carbohydrates, are composed of
carbon, hydrogenand oxygen. Fats have the common property
of being insoluble in water, soluble in organic solvents such as
ether and chloroform, and can be utilized as energy by living
organisms.

Fats, as a group of carbon compounds, include ordinary
fats, oils, waxes, and unrelated compounds. The primary food
sources of lipids are butter, flax seed oil, olive oil, animal fat,
nuts, seeds, whole grains, olives, avocados, egg yolks, dairy,
etc. Fats serve as a source of immediate or stored energy. A


gram of fat contains nine calories per gram compared with 4.5
calories per gram of carbohydrate or protein.

Triglycerides (the primary component of fats and oils)
are composed of carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen. Structurally,
they are esters of a trihydric alcohol (glycerol) and fatty acids.
The fatty acids can have from four to 30 carbon atoms and
constitute the bulk of the triglyceride mass. One hundred
grams of fat or oil will contain 95 grams of fatty acids.

A fatty acid or hydrocarbon chain is described with
regard to three characteristics: chain length, degree of
“saturation” with hydrogen, and location of the first “double
bond.”

The length is a reference to the number of carbon
atoms in the chain (i.e. - C:16 has 16 carbons in the chain). The
terms “short chain” (less than 6 carbons), “medium chain”
(7 to 11 carbons), and “long chain” (12 or more carbons) are
used to describe the chains of fatty acids in the structure of
triglycerides.

The degree of hydrogen “saturation” in fatty acids is
defined by the number of “double bonds” between carbon
atoms in the fatty acid chains. A fatty acid chain can ae
all the hydrogen it can hold and have no double bonds, i
which case, it is referred to as a “saturated” fatty acid. It can
contain one double bond (monounsaturated fatty acid) or it
may contain several double bonds (polyunsaturated fatty
acids).

The location of the first double bond as counted from
the “tail” or the methyl end of the fatty acid is referred to as
the “omega” number (i.e. - omega-3, omega-6, etc.).

Three polyunsaturated fatty acids (linoleic, linolenic,
and arachidonic acids) are essential fatty acids (EFA). Three
percent of the total daily calorie intake must be from the EFA

- as essential fatty acids, they are required for life but cannot
be manufactured. However, only two of the EFA (linoleic and
linolenic) are truly regarded as essential because arachidonic
acid can be synthesized by humans from linolenic acid when

===== Screenshot (69) =====
 


 

it is present in optimal amounts.

Essential Fatty Acids have essential vitamin-like
functions in fat transport and metabolism, and in maintaining
the integrity of cell walls (bilipid layer membranes). They
are also part of the fatty acids of cholesterol esters and
phospholipids in plasma lipoproteins and mitochondrial
lipoproteins.

Serum cholesterol can be lowered by the consumption
of EFA. EFAs are also the raw material for the human body to
manufacture prostaglandins that help regulate blood pressure,
heart rate, vascular dilation, blood clotting, bronchial dilation,
and central nervous system (brain and spinal cord) function.
EFA deficiency in human infants results in a poor growth rate,
lowered IQ, seizures, learning disabilities, eczema, asthma,
and a lowered resistance to infectious diseases.

Cholesterol is a member of a large group of fats known
as sterols. They all have a complex carbon ring structure.
Cholesterol is an essential part of the structure of cell walls,
brain and spinal cord (myelin), the raw material for the
production of vitamin D in the human body, bile acids, adrenal
cortical hormones, estrogens (a cholesterol deficiency makes
menopause a living hell), progesterone, and testosterone (a
cholesterol deficiency will turn hubby into a TV watching
steer who is totally disinterested in sex).

Proteins

Proteins, like carbohydrates and fats, contain carbon,
hydrogen and oxygen. In addition they also contain 16%
nitrogen (the amine group) sometimes in conjunction with
other elements such as phosphorus, iron, sulfur and cobalt.
The basic structural unit of a protein is the amino acid. Amino
acids are united by “peptide bonds” into long chains of various


 

geometric structures to form specific protein. Digestion of
proteins breaks the peptide bonds to release individual amino
acids.

Classically there are nine essential amino acids that are
required in the daily diet as they cannot be manufactured by
the human body. Forty-three percent of the dietary protein
for human infants must contain the essential amino acids.
Growing children require 36% essential amino acids and
adults require 19% for maintenance.

To the classic list of essential amino acids, we would
add arginine, taurine, and tyrosine. Over the long haul, these
three amino acids help prevent certain specific diseases,
respectively, these diseases are cancer and PAD, macular
degeneration and goiter.

Essential Amino Acids

 

Amino Acid Function

 

Valine Protein synthesis

Lysine Protein synthesis

Threonine Protein synthesis

Leucine Protein synthesis

Isoleucine Protein synthesis

Tryptophane Precursor of niacin and serotonin

Phenylalanine Precursor of thyroxin and epinephrine

Methionine Synthesis of choline and creatine
phosphate

Histidine Synthesis of histamine

Arginine Cancer risk, PAD

Taurine Macular degeneration

Tyrosine Synthesis of thyroxin

===== Screenshot (70) =====
 


 

Use of protein for fuel to provide energy in place of
carbohydrate provides 4.5 calories per gram.

An individual consuming protein at even 300 gm per
day (almost 3/4 of a pound of meat a day) will have no adverse
effects as long as they do not have kidney or liver disease and
supplement properly with vitamins and minerals.

Proteins are the fundamental structural components
of the living cell (cytoplasm). They are essential parts of the
cell nucleus and protoplasm. Proteins are the most abundant
of all carbon containing organic compounds in the human
body. The greatest mass of body protein is found in the
skeletal muscle, the remainder is found in other organs (liver,
kidney, hear, stomach, etc.), bones, teeth, blood, and other
body fluids (lymph). Enzymes are proteins that do work to
facilitate chemical reactions in the body (energy production
and utilization, hormone production, nerve impulses, etc.)

Vitamins

Vitamins are a major carbon group of unrelated
essential organic carbon compounds needed by the human
body in minute quantities each day. They are essential for
specific metabolic reactions of the cell and are required for
normal growth, development, maintenance, health, longevity
and life itself.

Vitamins function as coenzymes or activating side
groups for essential subcellular enzyme systems. Vitamins
regulate metabolism, facilitate the conversion of carbohydrate,
fat and protein to energy, and are required for the formation
and repair of tissues in embryos, children, teens, adults, and
seniors. Vitamins are essential nutrients in that, they can not
be manufactured by humans; they do not supply calories or
contribute to body mass.


 

There are three classifications of vitamins:

1) Fat soluble - A, D, E, and K - Fat soluble vitamins,
as the name implies, function in fat (lipid) metabolism in
human cells. Fat soluble vitamins can not be absorbed from
the intestine when we eat low fat diets. People who have
their gall bladders removed should supplement with ox bile
to increase the availability of bile salts which are required
for the efficient absorption of essential fatty acids, good fats
(triglycerides, cholesterol, etc.) and fat soluble vitamins.

2) Water soluble - B-complex, biotin, choline and
vitamin C - Water soluble vitamins consists of 10 separate
water soluble B vitamins and vitamin C. In general they
function as essential nutrients in the metabolic processes of all
living cells by acting as cofactors in multiple enzyme systems
that drive the oxidation of food and production of energy.

3) Flavanols - Epicatechins and polyphenols - Flavanols
and bioflavonoids (polyphenols/epicatechins) are part of a
large family of compounds that are generally regarded as a
third category of vitamins - fat soluble vitamins, water soluble
vitamins and flavanol vitamins.

Flavanols found in dark chocolate, participate in
maintaining the strength of capillaries, lower blood pressure,
improve blood flow via increased production of nitric oxide
(a molecule used by the vascular endothelium to signal
the surrounding muscle to relax) and have vitamin C-like
functions.

Taking optimal levels of essential vitamins goes a long
way to preventing birth defects and solving the problems
of reduced physical effectiveness and many debilitating
degenerative diseases.

===== Screenshot (71) =====
 


 

Ca-Calcium is found in igneous rocks at 41,500 ppm,
shale at 22,100 ppm, sandstone at 39,100, limestone at 302,000
ppm, fresh water at 15 ppm, sea water at 400 ppm, soils at
7,000 to 500,000 ppm (lowest in acid soils and highest in
limestone or alkaline soils), marine plants at 10,000 to 300,000
ppm (highest in calcarious tissue, - red, blue-green and green
algae and diatoms), terrestrial plants at 18,000 ppm, marine
animals at 1,500 to 20,000 ppm (350,000 ppm in calcarious
tissue - sponges, coral, mollusks and echinoderms), terrestrial
animals at 200 to 85,000 ppm (260,000 ppm in mammalian
bone, 200 to 500 ppm in soft tissue and 5 ppm or less in red
blood cells). The metal, calcium, was isolated in 1808 by Sir
Humphry Davy.

Calcium is an extremely active element and is not found
in a pure form in nature. It reacts with water to form calcium
hydroxide (Ca(OH),) and with the atmospheric oxygen to
form calcium oxide (CaO). Pure calcium metal is hard and has
the characteristic silvery-white color of all the alkaline-earth
metals.

In the 1st century, the Romans used a compound of
calcium they called calx (lime) in Latin.

Calcium is essential for all living organisms and is
found in the cell walls of plants, in all calcareous tissues, and
mammalian bones and teeth. Calcium also helps to regulate
electrochemical functions in cells and is a required cofactor
necessary to activate several enzymes.

Calcium is the fifth most abundant mineral element in
the earth’s crust and biosphere. There is evidence that clearly
shows humans are designed to consume and use high calcium
diets. The late Paleolithic period of 35,000 to 10,000 years ago
was the most recent time that our human forebears lived
in the environment for which they had been biochemically
designed.

The agricultural revolution occurred 10,000 years ago
and it reduced the wide variety of wild foods in the human
food chain while increasing food energy (calories). These


 

dietary changes universally and forever decreased man’s
dietary intake of minerals, trace minerals and rare earths. The
uncultivated food plants and wild game commonly available
to Stone Age humans would supply 1600 mg of calcium at
basal energy intakes and between 2,000 and 3,000 mg of
calcium at the energy levels required to support hunting and
work.

During the 20th century, American adults had acalcium
intake of only one-fifth to one-third as much as did Stone
Age humans. The National Health & Nutrition Examination
Survey II reported a median calcium intake for American
women of between 300 and 508 mg per day and only 680 mg
for men.

Common Calcium Deficiency Diseases

 

Osteoporosis (osteopenia)
Peripheral neuropathies
Kyphosis

Dowager’s hump
Lordosis

Legg-Perthe’s disease
Compression fractures
Spontaneous fractures
Receding gums
Periodontal disease
Osteomalacia
Osteoarthritis
Degenerative arthritis
Ankylosing spondylitis
Hypertension (glaucoma)
Insomnia

Kidney stones

===== Screenshot (72) =====
 




Bone spurs (heel spurs)

Calcium deposits

Cramps and twitches

PMS

Sciatica

Low back pain

Bell’s palsy

Tinnitis

Wallach’s vertigo (Meneire’s disease)

Trigeminal neuralgia

Spinal stenosis

Nutritional secondary hyperparathyroidism (elevated blood
calcium)

Osteofibrosis

Myelofibrosis (myelosclerosis)

Tetany

Panic attacks

Elevated blood calcium (hypercalcemia /
hyperparathyroidism)

Anemia

Prolonged clotting time

Restless leg syndrome

Other nutrients that are commonly found in the
American diet can aggravate the national calcium deficiency
crisis. Diets rich with an overabundance of fiber, salt and
phosphates (soft drinks) result in an increased calcium “cost.”
In effect, these foods increase the dietary requirements for
calcium. Urinary calcium loss increased from 96 mg per day
to 148 mg per day when food was excessively salted. As


 

phosphate intake is doubled, the output of urinary calcium
increases by 50%.

There are no less than 147 deficiency diseases that can
be attributed to calcium deficiencies or imbalances. The most
recent clinical research clearly points out that the entire scope
of American diets are critically deficient in calcium. The only
practical way to obtain enough sufficient amounts of calcium
is through supplementation. Interestingly, the allopathic
physicians who did the study failed in their duty. Instead of
simply recommending effective calcium supplementation,
they recommended eating five cups of broccoli per day as a
valuable source of calcium. Try and get a kid to eat five cups
of broccoli each day.

The most common calcium deficiency diseases are
easy to recognize and range from poor clotting time of the
blood when you nick yourself shaving (calcium is a cofactor
in the clotting mechanism), arthritis (which physicians treat
with pain killers, anti-inflammatory drugs and surgery), to
the dozens of variations of osteoporosis.

Famous people who have suffered from an advanced
degree of calcium deficiency include Pope John Paul II
(fractured hip/ osteoporosis), Elizabeth Taylor (osteoporosis/
multiple hip replacement surgeries), “Bo” Jackson (fractured
hip/osteoporosis), Bill Walton, a vegan of professional
basketball fame (osteoporosis, arthritis, fractures), etc.

Calcium is the most abundant mineral in the human
body. The average male has 1,200 grams and the average
female has 1,000 grams. Calcium makes up two percent of the
adult body weight (water makes up 65 to 75%). Calcium also
composes up to 39% of the total mineral reserves (ash after
cremation). Ninety-nine percent of body calcium is found in
bones and teeth. The other one percent is found in the blood,
extracellular fluids, and within cells where it is a cofactor and
activator for numerous enzyme systems.

Calcium, inbones, is found in the form of hydroxyapatite
salts composed of calcium phosphate and calcium carbonate

===== Screenshot (73) =====
 


in a classic crystal structure bound to a protein framework
called “bone matrix.”

To extract the calcium from a bone and reveal the
protein matrix, put a chicken “drumstick” bone in a quart of
vinegar for two weeks and the calcium will be leached out of
the bone leaving the protein matrix.

Hydroxyapatite crystals are found in the enamel and
dentine of teeth; however, little calcium is readily available
from teeth to contribute to rapidly available Ca to maintain
blood levels.

In addition to being a major structural mineral, Ca is also
required as a cofactor for the release of energy from ATP for
muscular contraction, and blood clotting. In the blood clotting
process, ionized Ca stimulates the release of thromboplastin
from platelets and converts prothrombin to thrombin. Thrombin
helps to convert fibrinogen to fibrin, and fibrin is the protein
web that traps red blood cells to create blood clots.

Calcium mediates the transport function of cell
and organelle membranes. Calcium affects the release of
neurotransmitters at synaptic junctions. It also mediates the
synthesis, secretion, and metabolic effects of hormones and
enzymes. Calcium helps to regulate the rate and strength of
the heart rate, muscle tone and muscle receptivity to nerve
stimulation.

Calcium is primarily absorbed in the duodenum, where
the environment is still acid. Once the food in the intestine
converts to an alkaline pH, the absorption rate of calcium will
decline. Calcium is absorbed from the small intestine by active
cellular transport and by simple diffusion. Metallic calcium
absorption may be limited to one to three percent or less and
can be affected by many substances in the gut. Under ideal
circumstances calcium is highly absorbable, up to 98% in the
organically bound plant derived colloidal mineral and water
soluble chelated form.

Causes of a calcium deficiency can include, a
deficiency or lack of vitamin D; the lack of stomach acid
or hypochlorhydria can result from a restricted NaCl (salt)
intake; lactose intolerance; celiac disease; high fat diet; low
protein diet; and a high fiber and phytate consumption.

Phytic acid is a phosphorus containing acid compound
found in the bran of grains, seeds, as well as the stems and
roots of many plants. Oatmeal and whole wheat especially
contain phytic acid. When phytic acid combines with calcium
it forms an insoluble product called calcium phytate which
cannot be absorbed by the body.

Oxalic acid in rhubarb, spinach, chard, and mustard
greens combines with calcium to form an insoluble calcium
oxalate, which is not absorbed. Fiber itself, besides the phytate
content, prevents calcium absorption. Alkaline intestinal
environment, gut hypermobility (too rapid transit time
brought on by too much fiber, fruit, etc.), and pharmaceuticals
(anti-seizure drugs, diuretics, etc.) result in decreased
absorption and retention. Excesses of sugar, carbonation and
caffeine from coffee, tea, colas, etc. will reduce the efficiency
of absorption and will leach stored calcium from the bones.

Under optimal conditions, parathormone secreted by
the parathyroid gland and calcitonin secreted by the thyroid
gland, maintain a serum calcium of 8.5 to 10.5 mg% by drawing
on calcium reserves from the bones. The parathormone can
also affect the kidney so that it retains more calcium. The same
hormone can cause the gut to be more efficient in absorption.
When blood calcium begins to rise above 10.5 mg% from too
much parathyroid activity, the calcitonin produced by the
thyroid gland reduces the availability of calcium from the
bones.

In 1980, McCarron et al theorized that chronic calcium
deficiency probably led to hypertension. More than 30
subsequent studies supported the original theory of calcium
deficiency as the cause of hypertension. In addition, recent
studies have shown that serum ionized calcium is consistently
lower in humans with untreated hypertension. In a recent
review article, Sower and others noted that the association of

===== Screenshot (74) =====
 


calcium intake and high blood pressure is most clear in people
with daily calcium intakes of less than 500 mg per day.

The phenomenon of salt sensitive hypertension consists
of a rise in blood pressure and a sustained increase in urinary
loss of calcium in response to excess salt consumption and a
coexisting calcium deficiency. Among black and elderly whites
with essential hypertension, restricted intakes and deficiencies of
calcium and potassium, rather than elevated salt consumption is

responsible for “salt sensitivity.” In a four-year study of 58,218
nurses, hypertension was more likely to develop in females who
took in less than 800 mg of calcium per day.

Up to 75% of ingested elemental calcium is lost in the
feces. Two percent is lost in the urine and sweat (15 mg per
day is lost in normal sweating - this can double or triple in
active athletes or individuals engaged in physical labor). In
cases of excess urine loss of calcium (osteoporosis, hyperactive
parathyroid glands, excess dietary phosphorus and phytates,
etc.), kidney stones, bone spurs and calcium deposits will
develop.

Bone and heel spurs and calcium deposits always
develop at the sites of insertions of tendons and ligaments
during a raging
and progressive osteoporosis. Bone spurs,
heel spurs, calcium deposits and the elevated blood calcium
of hyperparathyroidism can be reversed and eliminated by
supplementing with significant amounts of chelated and
colloidal chelates of calcium.

Nutritional secondary hyperparathyroidism, resulting
from a raging calcium deficiency, produces a significant
elevation in blood calcium levels. The parathyroid glands
will attempt to compensate and will enlarge in an attempt
to absorb more calcium from the gut. This scenario will
almost always result in the surgeon calling the enlarged or
hypertrophied parathyroid glands a “tumor” and they will
recommend surgery. Supplementation with the appropriate
amounts of usable calcium will result in a rapid and complete
resolution of the problem - DO NOT GET SURGERY!


 

Not only are most of our soils and foods deficient in
calcium, additionally the diet of the industrialized world is
rich in phosphorous, which is found in just about everything
we eat. Ideally, the calcium to phosphorous (Ca:P) ratio in
our daily diet should be 2:1. The ideal ratio is not possible
by simply eating food. You would have to eat 25 pounds of
broccoli every time you ate a 16 oz. T-bone steak! The only
possible way to approach the 2:1 ideal is to avoid as much as
possible the food items containing high levels of phosphorous
(i.e. - raw vegetables (phytates), colas, etc.) and supplement
with plant derived colloidal and chelated calcium.

Cd-Cadmium is found in igneous rocks at 0.2 ppm,
shale at 0.3 ppm, sandstone at 0.05 ppm, limestone at 0.035
ppm, fresh water at 0.08 ppm, sea water at 0.00011 ppm, soils
at 0.06 ppm, marine plants at 0.4 ppm, terrestrial plants at 0.6
ppm, marine animals at 0.15 to 3.0 ppm and in land animals
at 0.5 ppm (accumulates in kidney tissue).

Cadmium is a silver-colored metal that is soft enough
to cut with a knife. Its chemical properties are similar to those
of zinc. It is a rare metal with an abundance level of only one-thousandth of that of zinc in the earth’s crust. It is generally
collected as a byproduct of zinc refining.

Cadmium was isolated and recognized as a separate
element in 1817 by Friedrich Strohmeyer, a pharmaceutical
chemist who was investigating the compound zinc oxide,
known as calamine.

A cadmium alloy, Wood's metal, consists of bismuth
with 12.5% cadmium. It has an extremely low boiling point of
70 degrees C and is used to seal overhead sprinkler systems.
A fire will melt the Wood’s metal seal before it becomes too
hot, releasing water to snuff out the fire.

Cadmium is used to make nickel-cadmium, or “nicad,”
batteries. The “nicad” battery can be recharged an infinite
number of times.

Tobacco accumulates cadmium, as

a result, both

===== Screenshot (75) =====
 

smokers and victims of second hand smoke inhale dangerous
cadmium ashes.

Cadmium functions in nature by stimulating the
hatching of nematode (round worm) cysts. Cadmium-bound
proteins have been isolated from molluscs and horse kidneys
- cadmium is known for its ability to replace zinc in zinc
dependent enzyme reactions.

Ce-Cerium, a rare earth, is found in igneous rock at
60 ppm, shale at 59 ppm, sandstone at 92 ppm, limestone at
12 ppm, sea water at 0.0004 ppm, soil at 50 ppm, terrestrial
plants accumulates cerium at 320 ppm, and terrestrial animals
at 0.003 ppm (accumulates in bone).

Cerium is the most abundant of the rare earth minerals.
It was simultaneously isolated and identified as a new element
in 1803 by the Swedish chemist Jons Jakob Berzelius and the
German chemists Wilhelm Hisinger and Martin Klaproth, as
an impurity in the mineral bastnasite. It was named for the
asteroid Ceres, which was discovered in 1801.

Cerium is found in the mineral ores called monazite
and bastnasite. Monazite sand contains all of the rare earth
elements and is found in Florida beach sand, and in river sand
from India and Brazil. Large deposits of bastnasite are found
in Southern California.

Cerium nitrate is used as a topical disinfectant for
severe 4th degree burn patients.

Cl-Chlorine is found in igneous rocks at 130 ppm,
shale at 180 ppm, sandstone at 10 ppm, limestone at 150 ppm,
fresh water at 7-8 ppm, sea water at 19,000 ppm, soil at 100
ppm (higher in alkaline soils, near the sea and in deserts -
a major exchangeable anion in many soils), marine plants at
4,700 ppm, terrestrial plants at 2,000 ppm, marine animals
at 5,000 to 90,000 ppm (highest in soft coelenterates), and
in land animals at 2,800 ppm. In land animals, Cl’s highest
concentration is found in mammalian hair and skin. Chlorine


 

is essential for all living species’ electrochemical and catalytic
functions, activates numerous enzymes, and is the basic
raw material for our stomachs to make stomach acid (HCl)
required to activate protein digestion by the enzyme pepsin,
B12 absorption (intrinsic factor activation), and for absorption
of minerals. Salt (NaCl) is the universal source of chloride ions
for all living things.

Cm-Curium is found in igneous rocks at 0.0001 ppm.
All isotopes are radioactive with a 2.5 x 108 years half-life.
Curium is a man-made element.

It was isolated in 1944 by Glenn T. Seaborg, Ralph A.
James and Albert Ghiorso, when they bombarded plutonium-
239 with alpha particles. They named the new element after
Pierre and Marie Curie, who themselves discovered radium
and polonium. Curium exists in some molybdenites.

The radiation these isotopes emit are easily converted
into electricity with compact units that are useful for powering
pacemakers, remote navigational buoys, and instruments
employed in space missions.

The element curium accumulates in mammalian bone.

Co-Cobalt is found in igneous rock at 25 ppm, shale
at 19 ppm, sandstone at 0.3 ppm, limestone at 0.1 ppm, fresh
water at 0.0009 ppm, sea water at 0.00027 ppm, soils at 8 ppm
(higher in soils derived from basalt or serpentine; vast areas
of the earth are known to be totally devoid of cobalt), marine
mammals at 0.5 ppm and terrestrial animals at 0.03 (greatest
concentrations in bone and liver).

Cobalt is a rare element, making up only 0.003 percent
of the earth’s crust. Cobalite is one of its common ores, a
compound made up of cobalt, arsenic and sulfur. The pure
metal, which has a characteristic bright bluish-white color,
is obtained by roasting this ore in air. Cobalt metal was first
isolated by the Swedish chemist Georg Brandt in 1739.

Many thousands of years ago the ancient Egyptians

===== Screenshot (76) =====
 


 

manufactured a form of blue glass that was made with traces
of cobalt. The name cobalt was derived in the 18th century
from the German word “kobald” that refers to an evil gnome
or spirit. Cobalt miners commonly blamed mining accidents
on the evil “kobald” or cobalt.

Cobalt is well known for its ability to be magnetized. It
is easily magnetized and retains its magnetism at temperatures
far higher than those that demagnetize iron. Twenty five
percent of all of the cobalt produced in the world is used to
make a super magnetic substance called “alnico.” Alnico is an
alloy of aluminum, nickel and cobalt and is used for making
industrial magnets.

Cobalt is essential for all forms of life including blue-green algae, some bacteria and fungi, some plants, insects,
birds, reptiles, amphibians and mammals including man.
Cobalt functions as a cofactor and an activator for enzymes,
“fixes” nitrogen during amino acid production, and a single
cobalt atom is the central metal component of vitamin B12,
which itself is a cofactor and activator (cobamide coenzymes)
for several essential enzymes.

B12 cobalt is chelated in a large tetrapyrrole ring
similar to the porphyrin ring found in hemoglobin (iron) and
chlorophyll (magnesium). The original B12 molecule isolated
in the laboratory contained a cyanide group, thus the name
cyanocobalamine. There are several different cobalamine
compounds that have B12 activity, with cyanocobalamine and
hydroxycobalamine being the most active.

Vitamin B12 is a red crystalline substance that is water
soluble. The red color is due to the cobalt atom in the molecule.
Vitamin B12 is slowly deactivated by exposure to acid, alkali,
light, and oxidizing or reducing substances. About 30% of
B12 activity is lost during cooking (electric, gas, microwave,
wood, charcoal, etc.).

In 1948 B12 was isolated from liver extracts and
demonstrated anti-pernicious anemia activity. The essentiality
of cobalt is unusual in that the requirement is for a cobalt

complex known as cyanocobalamine or vitamin B12. A pure
cobalt requirement is only found in some bacteria and algae
and the need for B12 cobalt is thought by some to represent a
symbiotic relationship between microbes which generate and
manufacture B12 from elemental cobalt and vertebrates that
require B12.

Ruminants (i.e. cows, sheep, goats, deer, antelope,
buffalo, giraffe, etc.) can use elemental cobalt because the
microbes fermenting and digesting plant material in their first
stomach (rumen) convert elemental cobalt into vitamin B12,
which the animal then uses.

Carnivores can get their B12 from their ruminant prey
by consuming stomach contents, liver, bone, and muscle from
their kills.

Poultry, lagomorphs (rabbits and hares), and rodents
actively eat feces during the night (coprophagy) and in the
process obtain vitamin B12 that has been manufactured by
intestinal microorganisms.

Metallic cobalt itself is absorbed at the rate of 20 to
26.2% by mice and in humans if intrinsic factor is present
in the stomach and the stomach pH is 2.0 or less. Intrinsic
factor is a mucoprotein enzyme known as Castle’s intrinsic
factor and is part of normal stomach secretions. If a person
has hypochlorhydria (low stomach acid- usually a NaCl
deficiency) the intrinsic factor will not work and B12 cobalt is
not absorbed - this is why doctors frequently give B12 shots
to older people on salt restricted diets. Sublingual (under the
tongue) and oral spray B12 is available. Plant derived cobalt is
very bioavailable; however, because of low salt diets and cobalt
depleted soils, vegetarians frequently have B12 deficiencies.

The B12 intrinsic factor complex is primarily absorbed in
the terminal small intestine or ileum. Calcium is required for
the B12 to cross from the intestine into the blood stream as well
as an active participation (active transport) by intestinal cells.
Simple diffusion can account for only one to three percent of
the vitamin’s absorption. There is an enterohepatic (intestine

===== Screenshot (77) =====
 

direct to the liver) circulation of vitamin B12 that recycles B12
from bile and other intestinal secretions which explains why
B12 deficiency in vegans may not appear for five to ten years
after giving up meat.

The maximum storage level of B12 is 2 mg which is slowly
released to the bone marrow as needed. Excess intake of B12
above the body’s storage capacity is shed in the urine (expensive
urine). Vitamin B12/cobalt joins with folic acid, choline, and
the amino acid methionine to transfer single carbon groups
(methyl groups) in the synthesis of the raw material to make
RNA and the synthesis of DNA from RNA. DNA and RNA
are directly involved in gene function; remember the concept
of preconception nutrition to prevent birth defects. Growth,
myelin formation (converts cholesterol into the insulating
material myelin found around nerves in the brain, spinal
cord, and large nerve trunks), and red blood cell synthesis are
dependent on B12. Cobalt is also required as a necessary cofactor
for the production of the thyroid hormone thyroxin.

The discovery of the essentiality of cobalt came from
observing a fatal disease (“bush sickness”) in cattle and
sheep from Australia and New Zealand. It was observed that
“bush sickness” could be successfully treated and prevented
by cobalt supplements. Bush sickness was characterized by
emaciation (unsupplemented vegans), dull stare, listless
and starved look, pale mucus membranes, anorexia, and
pernicious anemia (macrocytic/hypochromic).

In humans, a failure to absorb B12/cobalt results in a
deficiency disease. This can result from a surgical removal
of parts of the stomach (eliminates zones of intrinsic factor
production), or surgical removal of the ileum portion of
the small bowel, small intestinal diverticulae, parasites
(tapeworm), celiac disease (allergies to wheat gluten, barley,
rye, oats and cows milk albumen), and other malabsorption
diseases. Pernicious anemia and demyelination of the spinal
cord and large nerve trunks are classic diseases that are the
result of B12/cobalt deficiency.


 

Less than 0.07 ppm Co in the soil results in cobalt
deficiency in animals and people who eat crops grown from
those soils; 0.11 ppm Co in the soil prevents and cures Co
deficiency.

The human RDA for B12/cobalt is 3 to 4 mcg per day,
however 250 to 400 mcg gives a respectable safety margin.
Pregnant and nursing mothers should especially take care
to supplement with the optimum levels of B12. A baby being
nursed by a deficient mother has their congenital deficiency
extended over a longer period of time, which can result in a
serious and permanent form of nerve damage.

Cobalt excess in man (20 to 30 mg/day) may create an
accelerated erythropoiesis (RBC -red blood cell- production)
by stimulating an increased production of the kidney hormone
erythropoietin.

Cr-Chromium is found in igneous rocks at 100 ppm,
shale at 90 ppm, sandstone at 35 ppm, limestone at 11 ppm,
fresh water at 0.00018 ppm, sea water at 0.00005 ppm, soils
at 5 to 3,000 ppm (highest in soils derived from basalt and
serpentine), marine plants at 1 ppm, terrestrial plants at 0.23
ppm, marine animals at 0.2 to 1.0 ppmand in terrestrial animals
at 0.075 ppm, where it accumulates in RNA and insulin.

Chromium was discovered by French chemist Louis-Nicolas Vauquelin in 1797 and named from the Greek word
chroma, which translates to “color.”

This word chromium was chosen because all of the
chromium compounds display a color; however, the pure
metal is a silver-white color. Although brittle, chromium is
quite hard.

Chromium metal is commonly extracted from chromite,
an oxide of chromium. Chromium oxide (Cr,O,) is among the
10 most abundant compounds in the crust of the earth. When
exposed to air, chromium forms an almost invisible oxide
that makes it extremely resistant to corrosion and very useful
for decorative and protective coatings over other metals

===== Screenshot (78) =====
 



including brass (bathroom fixtures), bronze (jewelry) and
steel (car bumpers). Chromium added to steel at the rate of
18% produces “stainless steel.”

The beautiful and radiant colors, of many precious gems,
are also due to the presence of trace amounts of chromium.
The red color of rubies is produced by small amounts of
chromium in the form of corundum. The characteristic green
color of emeralds is produced by the presence of the chromium
bearing mineral beryl.

One of the more exotic precious stones that contain
chromium is alexandrite, which contains a small amount
of chromium in the base mineral chrysoberyl. Alexandrite
changes color depending on the light source - when seen in
firelight it is a bright red, when seen in daylight it is a brilliant
blue.

Chromium activates phosphoglucomutase and other
enzymes and is closely associated with glucose tolerance factor
(GTF). Glucose tolerance factor is a combination of chromium
III, dinicotinic acid and glutathione. The reported plasma
levels of chromium in humans over the past 20 years has
ranged from 0.075 to 13 ng/ml. Concentrations of chromium
in human hair are ten times greater than in blood, making
hair analysis a much more accurate view of chromium tissue
stores and function in the human. There is an average of 1.5
mg of chromium in the human body.

Very little inorganic chromium is stored in the body.
Once inorganic chromium is absorbed, it is almost entirely
excreted in the urine (therefore urine chromium levels can
be used to estimate dietary chromium status). Dietary sugar
loads (i.e. colas, apple juice, grape juice, honey, candy, table
sugar, fructose, etc.) increase the natural rate of urinary Cr loss
by 300% for 12 hours. The average intake of 50 to 100 ug of
inorganic chromium from food and water supplies only 0.25
to 5 ug of usable and retainable chromium. By contrast, 25%
of chelated chromium is absorbed and up to 98% of colloidal


 

chromium is absorbed. The chromium RDA for humans is a
range of 50 to 200 ug of usable chromium per day for adults.

The concentration of chromium found in newborn
animals and humans is higher per pound of body weight
than it is in older individuals. In fact, the chromium levels of
unsupplemented human tissue, steadily decreases throughout
life. Of greater concern has been the steady decline in the
average American serum chromium since 1948.

Mean Chromium Blood Levels (ug/l) Year
28 (city) 1000 (rural) 1948
13 1971
10 1972
4.7-5.1 1973
0.73 - 1.6 1974
0.16 1978
0.43 1980
0.13 1985

 

The fasting level of plasma chromium is lower in
pregnant women than in non-pregnant women. Increasing
impairment of glucose tolerance in “normal” pregnancy is
well documented and reflects a chromium deficiency that
oftentimes results in pregnancy onset diabetes. One study
demonstrated abnormal glucose tolerance in 77% of clinically
“normal” adults over the age of 70. According to Richard
Anderson of the USDA, “Ninety percent of all Americans are
deficient in chromium.”

===== Screenshot (79) =====
 



Gary Evans, Bemidji State University, Minnesota, very
clearly showed an increased lifespan in laboratory animals
by 33.3%, when they were supplemented, with chromium.
Prior to this study, gerontologist, led by Dr. Roy Walford,
felt a Calorie Restricted diet was the only way to extend life
past the expected average age. Deficiencies of chromium in
humans are characterized by a wide variety of clinical diseases
as well as a shortened life expectancy. The clinical diseases of
chromium deficiency are aggravated by concurrent vanadium
deficiencies and increased sugar or alcohol intakes.

Diseases and Symptoms of Chromium Deficiency

Hypoglycemia (low blood sugar)
Prediabetes (Metabolic Syndrome)
Diabetes (adult onset, type II)
Hyperinsulinemia (narcolepsy)
Hyperactivity

Learning disabilities
ADD/ADHD

Autism

Hyperirritability

Depression

Manic depression

Bi-polar disease

Anxiety attacks

Panic attacks

Dr. Jekyll/ Mr. Hyde rages (“Bad Seeds”)
Impaired growth

Peripheral neuropathy


 

Negative nitrogen balance - protein loss

Elevated blood triglycerides (Metabolic Syndrome)
Elevated cholesterol (Metabolic Syndrome)
Coronary blood vessel disease

Aortic cholesterol plaque

Infertility

Decreased sperm count

Shortened life span

Obesity

 

Cs-Cesium is found in igneous rocks at 1 ppm, shale at 5
ppm, sandstone and limestone at 0.5 ppm, fresh water at 0.0002
ppm, sea water at 0.00005 ppm, soils at 0.3 to 25 ppm, marine
plants at 0.07 ppm, terrestrial plants at 0.2 ppm, terrestrial
animals at 0.064 ppm (highest concentrations in muscle).

As an alkaline mineral, cesium behaves chemically in a
similar manner as sodium, potassium and rubidium. Cesium
and potassium enter into a solute complex, which participates
in ion antagonism, osmosis, permeability regulation, and
maintenance of the colloidal state in the living cell. The increase
in supplemental potassium increases the rate of excretion or
loss of cesium.

Cesium was discovered in 1860 by the German chemists
Robert Bunsen and Gustav Kirchhoff. They isolated cesium by
observing colors or spectral emission lines, that cesium emits
when it is heated. The color lines were bright blue, which
prompted them to name the element cesium after the Latin
coesius (“sky blue”).

Cesium chloride is used as part of alternative cancer
therapy programs. Cesium provides “high pH therapy” for
cancer by entering the cancer cell and producing an alkaline
environment. It has been recommended for all cancers including
sarcomas, bronchiogenic carcinoma and colon cancer.

===== Screenshot (80) =====
 

 



Cu-Copper is found in igneous rocks at 55 ppm, shale
at 45 ppm, sandstone at 5 ppm, limestone at 4 ppm, fresh water
at 0.01 ppm, sea water at 0.003 ppm, soils at 2 to 100 ppm
(copper is strongly bound and retained by humus, but there
are known areas in the world with extreme copper deficiency),
marine plants at 11 ppm, terrestrial plants at 14 ppm, marine
animals at 4 to 50 ppm (accumulates in the blood of annelid
worms, crustaceans and mollusks, especially cephalopods),
and in terrestrial animals at 2 to 4 ppm with highest levels
being found in the liver.

Despite the common use of copper, it makes up only
0.007% of the earth’s crust. Copper gets its name from the
Latin word, cuprum, which translates to “from Cyprus,” a
reference to the fact that the Romans mined their copper from
the island of Cyprus.

Copper is easily refined from many different ores and
was known and employed by many ancient civilizations,
copper jewelry dating back to 9000 B.C. was discovered in
Iraq. Copper is soft and had to be mixed with tin (bronze),
zinc (brass) or nickel (monel) to make harder alloys for tools
and weapons.

Copper is an essential nutrient for all living organisms
and is a universally important cofactor for many hundreds
of metalloenzymes. Copper deficiency is widespread and
common and copper deficiency diseases have an important
impact on human populations.

Copper deficiency Symptoms and Diseases
White, grey and “silver” hair

Vitiligo (loss of skin pigment)

Dry brittle hair (“steely wool” in sheep)

Ptosis (sagging tissue - eye lids, “crows feet,” skin, arm


 

flappers, breasts, belly)

Hernias (congenital and acquired)

Varicose veins (including hemorrhoids)

Spider veins

Aneurysms (cerebral artery, coronary artery, aorta and large
artery “blowouts”)

Kawasaki disease (congenital aneurysms with streptococcal
infections)

Anemia (especially common in high milk and vegan diets)

Hypo and hyperthyroid dysfunction

Arthritis (especially where immature bone growth plates are
involved)

Disc disease (ruptured, bulging, degenerative)

Liver cirrhosis

Violent behavior, blind rage, explosive outbursts and
“criminal” behavior

Learning disabilities (ADD, ADHD, some forms of autism)

Cerebral palsy, aplasia and hypoplasia of the cerebellum

Enzootic ataxia in sheep

Mad Cow Disease in cattle (same disease as enzootic
ataxia-sheep)

Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease (Humans-madcow disease)

Elevated blood cholesterol (above 350)

Iron storage disease (hemosiderosis)

Reduced carbohydrate tolerance

Neutropenia (low neutrophil count)

===== Screenshot (81) =====
 


Copper is required for many subcellular and
physiological functions: RNA, DNA, Lysyl oxidase (elastic
fiber cofactor), melanin production (skin and hair), electron
transport for subcellular respiration, tensile strength of elastic
fibers in skin, hair, wool (“steely wool”), cartilage, tendons,
ligaments, vertebral discs, blood vessels, etc.

Neonatal “enzootic ataxia” (sway back, lamkruis) was
recognized as a clinical and disease entity in 1937 as a copper
deficiency in pregnant sheep. Copper supplements prevented
the syndrome, which was characterized by demyelination of
the cerebellum and spinal cord.

“Mad Cow Disease” and Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease in
humans, while thought by many, to be an infectious disease of
cattle and humans that is transmitted by “prions,” a needle-like
protein crystalloid that is neither a bacteria, fungus or virus,
has not been experimentally transmitted to any laboratory
animal, livestock or humans.

Efforts to transmit Mad Cow Disease have been a failure.
The brain lesions of Bovine Spongiform Encephalopathy
(BSE) appear to be similar to those of Enzootic Ataxia in sheep
- a copper deficiency.

Cavitation or gelatinous lesions of the cerebral white
matter, chromatolysis, nerve cell death and myelin aplasia
(failure to form during embryonic development) were also
identified as a copper deficiency disease in sheep - these
congenital lesions are identical to those of the classical changes
of human cerebral palsy.

Famous people affected or dying of an obvious copper
deficiency include: Albert Einstein (ruptured aortic aneurysm),
Franklin D. Roosevelt (ruptured cerebral aneurysm), Paavo
Airola (ruptured cerebral aneurysm), Conway Twitty
(ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm), John Ritter (ruptured
abdominal aortic aneurysm), George and Barbara Bush
(thyroid disease and white hair). Four to six out of every 100
Americans autopsied have died of a ruptured aneurysm; an
additional 40% of Americans autopsied have aneurysms that


 

have not ruptured.

The average well-nourished adult human body contains
between 80 to 120 mg of copper. Concentrations are higher
in the brain, liver, heart and kidneys. Bone and muscle have
lower percentages of copper but contain 50% of the body’s total
copper reserves because of their mass. It is of interest that the
greatest concentrations of copper are found in the newborn.

The daily copper requirement for the newborn is 0.08
mg/kg; toddlers require 0.04 mg/kg; and adults only 0.03
mg/kg.

The average plasma copper levels of women ranges
from 87 to 153 mg/dl; for men the range is 89 to 137 mg/dl.
About 90% of the plasma copper is bound in a protein called
ceruloplasmin.

Copper functions as a cofactor and activator of numerous
cupro-enzymes that are involved with the development and
maintenance of the cardiovascular system. Deficiency of
copper in the pregnant female results in congenital defects of
the heart and vascular system (Kawasaki disease) and brain
(cerebral palsy, atresia and hypoplasia of the cerebellum).
Deficiency of copper also results in reduced lysyl oxidase
activity causing a reduction in conversion of proelastin to
elastin causing a decrease in the tensile strength of venous
and arterial walls (spider veins, varicose veins, hemorrhoids
and aneurysms).

Deficiency of copper also results in a reduced skeletal,
connective tissue and muscular integrity which can produce
a specific type of arthritis in children that forms bone spurs in
the bone growth plates.

Lack of copper can result in myelin defects, anemia,
poor hair keratinization and loss of hair color. Neutropenia
(reduced numbers of neutrophilic WBCs or white blood cells)
and leucopenia (reduced total WBC count) are the earliest
indications of a copper deficiency in an infant. Infants whose
diets are primarily cow’s milk frequently develop copper
deficiency anemia and/or iron storage disease.

===== Screenshot (82) =====
 

ee ————————————E————

Menkes’ Kinky Hair Syndrome is thought to be a sex-linked recessive genetic defect of copper absorption. The affected
infants exhibit retarded growth, defective keratin formation
of the hair, loss of hair pigment, low body temperature (low
thyroid function, anemia), degeneration and fractures of aortic
elastin (aneurysms), arthritis in the growth plates of long bones,
and a progressive mental deterioration. Mental deterioration
results from brain tissue being totally devoid of the essential
copper dependent enzyme cytochrome oxidase.

Because of the absorption problems of elemental copper,
injections of copper and liver extracts and the employment of
a diet program designed for celiac patients will be useful for
children with the Menkes’ Kinky Hair Syndrome.

Serum and plasma copper increases 100% in pregnant
women and women using oral contraceptives. Serum copper
levels are also elevated during acute infections, liver disease,
and pellagra (niacin deficiency).

Accumulations of copper in the cornea form Kayser-Fleischer Rings.

Dy-Dysprosium, a rare earth, is found in igneous rocks
at 3.0 ppm, in shale at 4 to 6 ppm, sandstone at 7.2 ppm and
limestone at 0.9 ppm. and in terrestrial animals at 0.01 ppm
(accumulates in the bones).

Of the rare earths, dysprosium is a metal that ranks
ninth in abundance. It was discovered in 1886 by the French
chemist Paul-Emile Lecoq de Boisbaudran who was working
with a sample of erbium oxide. It was named for the Greek
word dysprositos, which translates to “hard to get at.”

Dysprosium is a metal that is soft enough to be cut
with a knife; it is a shiny, silvery element that is fairly stable
in air. Dysprosium forms alloys whose magnetic features are
employed to help compact discs function efficiently.

Er-Erbium, a rare earth, is found in igneous rock at 2.8
ppm, shale at 1.9 ppm, sandstone at 1 ppm, limestone at 0.36


 

ppm, terrestrial plants accumulate erbium (up to 46 ppm in
Carya spp.), marine animals at 0.02 to 0.04 ppm and terrestrial
animals primarily in bone.

Erbium is a scarce rare earth metal that was discovered
in 1843 by Carl Gustaf Mosander. The main sources of erbium
are the minerals xenotime and euxerite. Erbium, along with
other rare earths is considered an impurity in these ores.

Erbium is employed in special alloys with metals such
as vanadium to improve their workability characteristics.
Erbium is frequently added to glass and enamel to tint them
pink, this glass is commonly used for sunglasses and costume
jewelry.

Eu-Europium is a “light” rare earth found in igneous
rocks at 1 to 2 ppm, shale at 1.1 ppm, sandstone at 0.55
ppm, limestone at 0.2 ppm, terrestrial plants at 0.021 ppm
(accumulates up to 16 ppm in Carya spp.), marine animals at
0.01 to 0.06 ppm, and terrestrial animals at 0.00012 ppm in
soft tissue and 0.2 ppm in bone.

Europium is one of the most-rare of the rare earth
elements. It was isolated in 1901 by the French chemist
Eugene-Anatole Demarcay, who named the new element for
the continent of Europe.

Europium is found mixed in ores containing monazite
and bastnasite. Monazite contains all of the rare earths along
with thorium and calcium. Monazite is found in river sands
from India and Brazil and in beach sand in Florida. Large
deposits of bastnasite are located in Southern California.

Europium is the most soft of all of the rare earths and
will ignite spontaneously in air at temperatures above 150
degrees C.

Europium supplementation has extended the life
expectancy of laboratory species over their expected lifespan
by 100%. Europium is found in higher concentrations in breast
milk from women in third world countries than in American
women.

===== Screenshot (83) =====
 




F-Fluorine is found in igneous rocks at 625 ppm, in
shale at 740 ppm, sandstone at 270 ppm, limestone at 330 ppm,
fresh water at 0.09 ppm, sea water at 1.3 ppm, and soils at
200 ppm (fluoride can be “fixed” or tightly bonded in several
types of clay).

Fluorine is a member of the halogen family or “salt
formers.” The other members are chlorine, bromine, iodine
and astatine. All halogen atoms react chemically by accepting
electrons from other atoms and easily combine with metals
to form compounds known as salts. Fluorine is the smallest,
lightest and most reactive member of the halogen family.

Fluorine is a pale yellow gas whose molecules contain
two atoms. Fluorine is far too reactive to be found in nature
in its diatomic form. Fairly large quantities of fluorine occur
in the minerals fluorite or calcium fluoride (oftentimes called
fluorspar).

The French chemist Henri Moissan won the Nobel
Prize in 1906 for being the first to produce fluorine in its pure
elemental form. The name fluorine is derived from the Latin
word fluere, which translates to “to flow.” It took 75 years of
continuous effort on the part of many chemists before fluorine
was finally isolated by Moissan in 1886.

Certain types of fluorine rich soils in Madras, Spain
South America are toxic to grazing livestock. Fluorine is found
in marine plants at 4.5 ppm, terrestrial plants at 0.5 to 40.0
ppm (accumulates in Dichapetolum cymosum), marine animals
at 2.0 ppm (accumulates in fish bones), and terrestrial animals
at 150 to 500 ppm in mammalian soft tissue and 1,500 ppm in
teeth and bones.

Teeth are protected by a hard “enamel” that is composed
of a mineral called hydroxyapatite. This mineral is not soluble
under normal circumstances, however, in the presence of
weak acids that oral bacteria produce from high sugar foods
and drinks, some dissolving of the hydroxyapatite structure
occurs.

The resulting loss of the hydroxyapatite enamel


promotes the initiation of tooth decay or “caries.” One of the
body’s defenses against the breakdown of hydroxyapatite is
to generate new enamel continuously (remineralization).

In the presence of sodium fluoride, the remineralization
process manufactures a form of enamel referred to as
fluorapatite. Fluorapatite is considerably more resistant to
damage from acid than the natural enamel. It is this process
that has motivated the producers of toothpaste to add sodium
fluoride to their products.

Prior to 1972, fluoride was considered essential in
animals because of its apparent benefit for tooth enamel in
warding off dental caries (“cavities”). In 1972, Schwarz proved
that fluoride was in fact an essential mineral for animals and
humans.

The skeletal reserves of fluoride in an adult man can
reach 2.6 gm (2,600 mg); the average daily intake by Americans
is 4.4 mg from combined sources of food, water, toothpaste
and nutritional supplements.

The universal fluoridation of drinking water is still
highly controversial. Some studies show that fluoridated
water helps reduce fractures from osteoporosis, while other
studies showed an increase in hip fractures. Clinical toxicity
is observed as dental fluorosis at fluoride concentrations of 2
to 7 ppm and osteosclerosis at 8 to 20 ppm. Chronic systemic
toxicity appears when the daily fluoride intake levels are
above 20 to 80 ppm over several years.

Approximately 10,000 American towns and cities
serving a total of 100 million people have added fluoride to
their municipal drinking water at the rate of 1 mg/L, which
has reportedly reduced dental caries by 60 to 70%. In certain
western states in the U.S., there is an excess of fluoride,
reaching levels of 10 to 45 ppm with a resultant mottling of
teeth in children.

As a result of epidemiological studies by Yiamouyiannis
and Burk in 1977, full scale congressional hearings were held
to examine the charge that 10,000 excess cancer deaths were

===== Screenshot (84) =====
 


peer. Uae eye
caused by fluoridation of certain public water systems. As
a result of those hearings, the committee mandated that the
U.S. Public Health Service conduct animal studies to confirm
or refute the theory that fluoridated water increased the rate
of cancer deaths. The studies were carried out by the National
Toxicology Program under the supervision of the U.S. National
Public Health Service with a special focus on oral, liver and
skeletal cancers.

In 1990, the results of the fluoride study showed an
increase in rat precancerous lesions in mucus membrane cells.
There was an increase in cancers of the oral mucus membranes
(squamous cell carcinoma). A rare form of osteosarcoma
appeared at double the rate in males as females, and there was
an increase in thyroid follicular cell tumors and liver cancer
(hepatocholangiocarcinoma).

Fe-Iron is found in igneous rocks at 56,000 ppm, shale
at 47,200 ppm, sandstone at 9,800 ppm, limestone at 3,800
ppm, fresh water at 0.67 ppm, sea water at 0.01 ppm, and
soils at 38,000 ppm (iron content is responsible for most soil
color). Iron is most available in acid soil and availability is
greatly determined by bacterial activity in the soil. It’s found
in marine plants at 700 ppm (very high in plankton), terrestrial
plants at 140 ppm, marine animals at 400 ppm (high in the
blood of annelid worms, echinoderms, fish, and in the eggs of
cephalopod molluscs).

Iron is the fourth most abundant element in the earth’s
crust and is second only to aluminum as the most abundant
metal. The “core” or interior of the earth is theorized to be
made up of magnetized, molten iron.

Iron is rarely found in its pure form in nature, most iron
ores are iron mixed with oxygen; two of the most important
iron-containing minerals are hematite and magnetite.

Iron was identified, as a useful metal, thousands of years
ago. The ability to extract iron from the red-brown ores was
a milestone in human development - known as the Iron Age


 

(1100 B.C.). The discovery of iron and man’s understanding
of it allowed the production of tools and weapons that were
harder and more durable than those of the Stone Age and
the Bronze Age (3000 B.C.). Today, iron makes up 90% of all
metals that are extracted from ore.

Today, iron is one of the most commonly used metals in
all human cultures. Iron and its alloys (steel) play a universal
role in every aspect of daily life. Whenever we use a tool or
appliance, vehicle (car, truck, train, boat, airplane, etc.) or build
something (frame, nails, screws, bolts, pipe, etc.), the importance
and utility of iron as a structural material is obvious.

Iron is an essential nutrient for all terrestrial species
of animals. It is the four iron atoms in each hemoglobin
molecule that are central to its structure and physiological
function. Oxygen actually bonds to the iron atoms in the lung
capillaries, and then are transported via the circulation to
distant cells.

Carbon monoxide, a byproduct of imperfect
combustion, is bound to the hemoglobin iron 200 times more
tightly than oxygen - this phenomenon can lead to “carbon
monoxide poisoning!”

In the 1860's, Boussingault, was the first to regard iron
as an essential nutrient for animals. During the 1920s, feeding
rats on an exclusive milk diet created an animal model for
iron deficiency research.

In a healthy adult human there is three to five grams
of iron, the newborn infant has nearly double the amount of
iron per kg than adults. Sixty to 70% of tissue iron is used as
essential or functional iron, and 30 to 40% as storage iron.

Essential iron is found as an integral part of hemoglobin,
myoglobin (muscle oxygen storing pigments - particularly
rich in deep diving animals such as whales, dolphins, walrus,
seals, etc.), and subcellular respiratory enzymes involved
with oxidation and electron transfer processes.

Functions of iron include cofactor and activator of
enzymes and metallo enzymes, respiratory pigments (iron

===== Screenshot (85) =====
 


is to hemoglobin what magnesium is to chlorophyll), and
electron transfer for the subcellular utilization of oxygen.

Iron is stored in bone marrow and liver (i.e. hemosiderin
and ferritin). Heme iron from meat is 10% available for
absorption, while iron from fresh plant sources are only one
percent available because of the endogenous phytates in the
plant. Iron absorption takes place primarily in the duodenum
where the intestinal environment is still acid.

Experimental evidence shows very clearly that
“pica” is a specific sign of iron deficiency. The pica behavior
can drive children and adults to eat ice (pagophagia), dirt
(geophagia), lead paint, excess food (“munchies,” obesity),
alcohol (alcoholism) and sugar (sweet tooth).

Iron deficiency can be the result of unsupplemented
pregnancy, dysmenorrhea, chronic infections, hypochlorhydria
(low stomach acid from a salt-restricted diet), chronic diarrhea,
chronic bleeding (i.e. cancer, ulcers, parasites, blood thinners,
nutritional deficiencies, etc.) and impaired absorption (i.e.
high fat diets, high fiber diets, celiac disease, etc.).

Symptoms of iron deficiency include listlessness,
fatigue, heart palpitations on exertion, reduced cognition,
memory deficits, sore tongue, angular stomatitis, dysphagia
(poor appetite, pica, etc.), obesity and hypochromic microcytic
anemia.

Stomach hydrochloric acid is required for optimal
absorption of iron. Ascorbic acid increases the absorption of
iron; clays and dietary fiber (phytates) decrease the absorption
of iron. The RDA of 18 mg per day as metallic iron is too low
for those individuals consuming high fiber, high phytate diets
(vegans, vegetarians, etc.).

“Excesses of iron can result in cirrhosis of the liver,
fibrosis of the pancreas, diabetes and heart failure. These
diseases are not the direct result of toxic effects of iron, but
rather, the increased iron consumption produces an increased
need for selenium, chromium, vanadium, copper, zinc, etc.


Fr-Francium is found only as radioactive isotopes. The
longest lived of its isotopes has a half life of 22 minutes. Of its
30 known isotopes, only francium-223 exists in nature. It is
estimated that the earth’s crust contains less than one ounce
of francium.

The element was discovered in 1939 by Marguerite
Perey, when she worked at the Curie Institute in Paris.
Francium was named for France where it was discovered.

Ga-Gallium is found in igneous rocks at 15 ppm, shale
at 19 ppm, sandstone at 12 ppm, limestone at 4.0 ppm, fresh
water at 0.001 ppm, sea water at 0.00003 ppm, soils at 0.4 to
30.0 ppm, marine plants at 0.5 ppm, terrestrial plants at 0.06
ppm, marine animals at 0.5 ppm, and in terrestrial animals at
0.006 ppm.

Gallium belongs to the same family of elements as
aluminum and shares many of the same chemical properties.
It is an extremely soft metal that can easily be cut with a knife.
It also has an extremely low melting point of 29.8 degrees C,
allowing gallium to liquefy when it is held in the hand. Gallium
has an extremely high boiling point of 2,403 degrees C, allowing
gallium to be in its liquid form in a range greater than that of
any known metal.

The history of gallium is unique as it is one of the
elements that was predicted to exist by Mendeleyev (creator of
the periodic chart) in 1871. Paul-Emile Lecoq de Boisbaudran
identified gallium in 1875 and named it for Gallia, the Latin
word for France.

Gallium was claimed to be an essential element in 1938
and again in 1958. Gallium has specific areas of metalloenzyme
activity in the human brain and has been reported to specifically
reduce the rate of brain cancer in laboratory animals. British
research has shown that diets, of pregnant women that are
supplemented with gallium, significantly reduces the rate of
brain cancer in children.

Gallium-67 was one of the first artificially produced

===== Screenshot (86) =====
 


radioactive isotopes to be used in medicine. Because of its
short half-life (78 hours), it rapidly loses its radioactivity and
its destructive properties. This isotope has the property of
accumulating in certain cancers (melanoma) and is used to
treat these cancers without damage to surrounding tissues.

Gd-Gadolinium, a rare earth, is found in igneous rocks
at 5.4 ppm, shale at 4.3 ppm, sandstone at 2.6 ppm, limestone
at 0.7 ppm, terrestrial plants (Carya spp.) can concentrate
gadolinium up to 70 ppm, and in marine animals at 0.06 ppm.
Terrestrial animals accumulate gadolinium in bone and liver
almost immediately after absorption.

Ge-Germanium is found in igneous rocks at 5.4 ppm,
shale at 1.6 ppm, sandstone at 0.8 ppm, limestone at 0.2 ppm,
sea water at 0.00007 ppm, soil at 1.0 ppm in humus in alkaline
soils and in marine animals at 0.3 ppm.

The existence of the “metalloid” element germanium or
eka-silicon, had been predicted by Mendeleyev in his periodic
table in 1871, however, it was not until 1886 that Clemens
Winkler, a German scientist, isolated the silicon-like element
germanium. Germanium is a poor conductor of electricity
and therefore is relegated to a semi-conductor status.

The addition of small amounts of other elements such
as arsenic, gallium, or antimony is called “doping” - this
process greatly increases its ability to conduct electricity.
Doped germanium is used to manufacture transistors, which
essentially become micro-computers.

Symptoms of a typical germanium deficiency include
reduced immune status, arthritis, osteoporosis, low energy,
fatigue and cancer.

Twenty to 30 mg per day is the recommended
maintenance dose for germanium. Fifty to 100 mg per day
doses are commonly used when an individual has a serious
germanium deficiency.

Radio-do-it-yourself kits from the 40s and 50s utilized


the germanium diode crystal to attract the radio signal to the
radio. The germanium atom is structured so it accepts and
transmits electrons effectively acting as a semiconductor. It is
not too surprising that germanium is closely related to silica
and carbon. Biologically, germanium is a highly effective
electrical impulse initiator intracellularly and acts as a metallic
cofactor for oxygen utilization.

In 1950, Dr. Kazuhiko Asai, a Japanese chemist, found
traces of germanium in fossilized plantlife. Russian researchers
quickly attributed anti-cancer activity to germanium.

Dr. Asai was able to connect the healing properties of
certain herbs to relatively high levels of germanium. Many of
these herbs are germanium accumulator plants. Germanium
is known to enhance the effectiveness of the immune
system by stimulating the production of natural killer cells,
lymphokines, such as IFN(γ) interferon, macrophages, and T-suppressor cells.

Asai synthesized Ge-132, carboxyethyl germanium
sesquioxide, in 1967 by a hydrolysis reaction. This organic
germanium structure forms a cubic structure with three
negative oxygen ions at the base of a cubic triangle. As an
organic or chelated form of germanium, Ge-132 is absorbed
at the rate of 30% efficiency and the total intake is completely
excreted in one week.

Food plants and animals contain small amounts of
germanium (i.e. beans - 4.67 ppm, tuna - 2.3 ppm). Healing
herbs such as garlic, aloe, comfrey, chlorella, ginseng,
watercress, Shiitake mushroom, pearl barley, sanzukon,
sushi, waternut, boxthorn seed and wisteria knob contain
germanium in amounts ranging from 100 to 2,000 ppm.

The “Holy Waters” at Lourdes, France, known world
wide for their healing properties, contains large amounts of
germanium and lithium.

H-Hydrogen is found in igneous rocks at 1,000 ppm,
shale at 5,600 ppm, sandstone at 1,800 ppm, limestone at 860
ppm, fresh water at 111,000 ppm, sea water at 108,000 ppm,

===== Screenshot (87) =====
 



soil at 600 to 24,000 ppm (in very acid soils it can become the
major exchangeable cation), marine plants at 41,000 ppm,
terrestrial plants at 55,000 ppm, marine animals at 52,000
ppm, and in terrestrial animals at 70,000 ppm.

Hydrogen is the most simple of all atoms, consisting
of a single proton, its nucleus, which is circled by a single
electron. Its simple and basic structure partially explains
why hydrogen is the most abundant element in the universe.
Enormous quantities of hydrogen gas is found in interstellar
space, and is by far the most dominant element found in the
stars. Hydrogen atoms make up a whopping 93% of all the
atoms in the universe.

It is surprising, with the great and diverse role played
by hydrogen in the universe, that there is only a small quantity
of hydrogen gas in the earth’s atmosphere. Out of 100 million
liters of atmospheric air, hydrogen would only make up 5
liters!

Hydrogen gas is typically a diatomic molecule, meaning
that a hydrogen molecule is made up of two hydrogen atoms
(H2). Hydrogen gas is colorless, odorless and tasteless;
however, hydrogen is extremely flammable.

When hydrogen burns in air, it reacts violently with
oxygen to form large amounts of heat and water. It is this
reaction with oxygen that gave hydrogen its name, which
is translated from the Greek words hydro (water) and genes
(creator).

The identification of hydrogen as an element is credited
to the English chemist Henry Cavendish (1731-1810) after
whom the Cambridge University’s Cavendish Laboratory
was named.

Cavendish, a frugal, shy, stuttering and eccentric
scientist, was the son of an extremely wealthy English
aristocrat. Cavendish never spoke directly to women; he gave
instructions to his female servants by handwritten letters,
and would summarily fire them if they came into his line of
sight as he walked through his laboratory or house. He spent


little of his great fortune and spent his entire life buried in his
laboratory “in the pursuit of knowledge.”

In 1766, Cavendish was the first to produce hydrogen
gas in the laboratory by placing a piece of zinc in hydrochloric
acid. He deduced that the “inflammable air,” was a distinct
and separate substance and in fact a separate element.

Cavendish accurately calculated the mathematical
value for the gravitational force (G) and the mass of the
earth.

Hydrogen in its free form is a very light gas, weighing
so little, that the gravitational pull of the earth, was not strong
enough to keep the hydrogen gas from escaping into outer
space. Most of the hydrogen gas found on earth is bound in
the water of oceans and lakes.

By contrast, larger planets such as Saturn and Jupiter
have a greater gravitational force and their atmosphere has a
much higher percentage of hydrogen gas.

Hydrogen is widely known for being a gas that is
lighter than atmospheric “air.” A balloon of any size that
is filled with hydrogen gas will quickly rise, float and drift
away. The low density of hydrogen gives it its enormous
lifting power. Hydrogen was once the main lifting power for
manned balloons and “blimps.” A discharge spark from a
grounded docking line set the hydrogen containing German
blimp, Hindenburg, on fire in 1937, causing the “lighter than
air” airship industry to abandon the gas and switch to the
non-flammable helium.

Hydrogen makes up a small portion of the gaseous
atmosphere; hydrogen functions as a major constituent of
water and all organic molecules. Seventy percent of the human
body is water. The regulation of the acid-base balance in the
human body is in fact the regulation of the hydrogen ion (H+)
levels of cellular and extracellular fluids.

The acidity of the body is critically regulated within
a narrow range by numerous and complex homeostatic
mechanisms. The pH of healthy blood ranges from 7.36 to 7.44.

===== Screenshot (88) =====
 




When the pH falls below 7.30, the patient has acidosis; when
the blood pH rises above 7.44, the individual has alkalosis.

Blood pH below 6.8 and above 7.8 is rapidly fatal.
Intracellular pH ranges between 6.0 and 7.4. Rapid metabolism
(hyperthyroid, Graves' disease) or decreased blood flow
(heart attack) increases the carbon dioxide levels and therefore
decreases pH or acidifies the blood. In contrast to the internal
body, the pH of secretions and excretions can be more variable
and range from 1.0 (stomach acid) to 8.2 (pancreatic juice) and
alkaline urine in vegans.

Hydrogen ions circulate in the body in two forms,
volatile and non-volatile (metabolic hydrogen ions). Volatile
hydrogen ions are found as a weak acid (carbonic acid), which
must continuously be excreted from the lungs as carbon
dioxide and water.

Non-volatile (metabolic) hydrogen ions are produced
by the normal metabolic processes of the body or are taken in
as food. The largest amounts of hydrogen ions are produced
by normal and abnormal metabolism. Large amounts of
hydrogen ions may be generated and/or retained as part of a
disease activity (i.e. emphysema, diabetes, anxiety or loss of
chloride ions, NaCl [salt] deficiency, cystic fibrosis, Addison’s
Disease, etc.).

Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) is controlled by the
body by means of dilution, buffering respiratory control of
volatile hydrogen ion concentrations and kidney-control of
non-volatile hydrogen ions. Buffer systems react to hydrogen
ion concentrations in fractions of seconds, respiratory controls
react in minutes, and the kidneys may require as much as an
hour to several days to respond.

Metabolic hydrogen ions must be excreted by the
kidney in one of three forms: 60% as ammonium ions, 40% as
weak acids, or trace amounts as free hydrogen ions. It is the
amount of free hydrogen ions in the urine that determines the
urine’s pH.

Acidifying the urine with unsweetened cranberry juice


can often times control bladder infections (cystitis). Acidifying
the urine and saliva can also be accomplished by consuming
meat. Alkalinizing the urine and saliva can be accomplished
by consuming vegetables.

Hydrogen is found in an innumerable number of organic
or carbon-containing compounds, and biological compounds
found in living organisms. It is commonly combined directly
with carbon in organic molecules (hydrocarbons).

Hydrocarbons are long chain-like molecules that make
up natural gas and oil which are burned to produce the energy
that is used to drive industry, vehicles and provide raw
materials for the production of many commercial products
(i.e. plastics, pesticides, fertilizer, clothing, dyes, perfumes,
etc.).

Hydrogen is also a significant part of the molecules
that make up living organisms such as carbohydrate, sugar,
fats, proteins, enzymes, DNA, RNA, etc. In the commercial
preparation of “food,” enormous quantities of hydrogen are
used in the “hydrogenation” process and in the production of
“trans fatty acids.” This process is accomplished by adding
hydrogen gas to liquid vegetable oils (i.e. soy, corn, cotton
seed, rape seed, sunflower, sesame seed, olive, etc.) in order
to convert it to the solid “margarine.”

Hydrogenated and partially hydrogenated vegetable
oils, once touted by the medical trade as a safe substitute for
butter in the prevention of arteriosclerosis, atherosclerosis and
stroke, are now known to be the direct cause of these diseases.
The consumption of fried foods, super-heated carbohydrates
(breads, French fries, croutons, etc.), margarines, cooking
oils and trans fatty acids are now known to produce the
“inflammation” that damages the intima or arterial lining
that produces clogged and blocked arteries, blood clots,
thrombosis and stroke.

He-Helium is found in igneous rocks at 0.008 ppm and
sea water at 0.0000069 ppm. One only has to add a second
proton and two neutrons to the hydrogen nucleus to produce

===== Screenshot (89) =====
 


 

the helium molecule. Helium is found in the periodic table at
the head of the “noble gas” column - these “noble gases” are
inert and gave the “impression that they were keeping aloof
from the other elements.”

Helium was discovered on the sun before it was
discovered on earth. In 1868, the French astronomer Pierre
Janssen (1824-1907) observed an unusual and unexpected
spectral line during his analysis of the spectral emission of
the sun. Janssen reasoned quite correctly that the new spectral
line was the emission of an unknown element. He named the
new element helium, translated from the Greek word helios,
meaning sun. In 1895 the Scottish chemist William Ramsay
discovered helium gas in a sample of uranium ore.

Spectral emissions refer to the wavelengths of light
given off by each element when it is heated. Each element
gives off colors that are unique to its self. Scientists use these
color emissions to identify unknown elements much in the
same manner that finger prints are used to identify people.

Helium is colorless, odorless and is so inert that it will
not even react or combine with itself. It is so inert that it is
one of those few elements that are found in nature in its pure
elemental form. No stable compound of helium has ever been
manufactured.

Helium is second only to hydrogen as the most abundant
element in the universe. Helium makes up seven percent of
all the existing atoms. Together, helium and hydrogen make
up 99.9% of elements in the universe. Helium ranks sixth
amongst the gasses found in the earth’s atmosphere.

Almost all of the helium gas on earth is found in
“natural gas,” produced by the decay of uranium and radon
radioactive isotopes. The more common name for these
helium nuclei is “alpha particles,” named by their discoverer,
Sir Ernest Rutherford, a professor of physics at the Cavendish
Laboratory at Cambridge University.

Divers use helium/ oxygen “air” when working at great
depths; helium being less soluble than nitrogen dissolves


at a low percentage in blood, therefore reducing the risk of
“bends.”

The “bends” is a condition that is produced by a diver
coming to the surface too quickly, the lower pressure at the
water's surface results in the dissolved gasses to bubble out of
solution. The effect is like fizzing of an opened bottle or can of
carbonated soft drinks. In the human body these gas bubbles
become trapped in the joints, causing severe pain and causing
the diver to “bend” in a fetal position.

Inhaling pure helium produces a dramatic change in
the pitch and speed of vocalizations, producing a “Donald
Duck” speech.

A mixture of helium and neon gases was used to
produce the first gas “laser.” The term laser is an acronym for
“Light Amplification by Stimulated Emission of Radiation.”
A common application of the helium-neon laser is found in
retail outlets, where it is used to read bar codes on price tags
at the checkout line.

Hf-Hafnium is found in igneous rocks at 3 ppm, shale
at 2.8 ppm, sandstone at 3.4 ppm, limestone at 0.3 ppm, sea
water at 0.000008 ppm, soil at 3.0 ppm, marine plants at 0.4
ppm, terrestrial plants at 0.01 ppm and terrestrial animals at
0.04 ppm.

Hafnium is a common and abundant metal, however,
it was not discovered until 1923. Numerous investigators,
including the creator of the periodic table Mendeleyev,
predicted the existence of “element 72,” however, the ever
present diamond-like twin zirconium overshadowed the
existence of hafnium. Ultimately, Dirk Coster, a Dutch
physicist and George Karl von Hevesy, a Hungarian physicist
found the element. To honor Bohr, Coster and de Hevesy
named their new element for his native city, Copenhagen,
using the Latin translation, Hafnia.

Hafnium is a bright, silvery-white metal, its elemental
properties and history are joined with the element zirconium.

===== Screenshot (90) =====
 


 

Hafnium, is more dense than zirconium, however, the two
metals are chemically similar and it is almost impossible to
work with one without working with the other.

Hg-Mercury is found in igneous rocks at 0.08 ppm,
shale at 0.4 ppm, sandstone at 0.03 ppm, limestone at 0.04
ppm, fresh water at 0.00008 ppm, sea water at 0.00003 ppm,
soil at 0.03 to 0.8 ppm (lowest in the surface layers of the soil
because it leaches to the subsoil and it also volatilizes), marine
plants at 0.03 ppm, terrestrial plants at 0.015 ppm (Arenaria
setacia is an accumulator plant), terrestrial animals at 0.046
ppm (accumulates in the brain, kidney, liver and bone) and
marine animals at 0.0009 to 0.09 ppm. Mercury is the only
metal that is liquid at room temperatures. It is an extremely
dense metal, and therefore a heavy metal with a silvery-white
color that has resulted in the common name of “quicksilver.”

Mercury is rarely found as a pure metal in nature,
rather it is found bound in a bright red ore called cinnabar
or vermillion. Cinnabar is primarily mercury sulfide and is
found in large deposits in Spain and Italy. Spain has mercury
mines that have been operating continuously for more than
2,000 years. Metallic mercury is produced from cinnabar by
heating the ore and condensing the mercury vapor.

Like many heavy metals, mercury is an accumulative
poison that binds with enzymes in the body, producing
a reduction or loss of function as a catalyst of biological
functions. It is easily absorbed into the body through the
gastrointestinal tract and can enter the body via trans-dermal
routes. The vapor is considerably more dangerous than the
elemental metal. It has been estimated that the vapors from
the volume of mercury as small as a teaspoon can saturate a
large room within a week and make it unsafe to work in.

Mercury occurs universally in the bios and has long
been known as a potentially toxic element, even though the
early Chinese alchemists insisted that the regular consumption
of mercury or “potable gold” was the path to immortality.


Mercury was well known to the ancient Chinese and
Egyptians, samples of the metal have been found in tombs
dating back to 1500 B.C. Mercury takes its name from the
planet Mercury and chemical symbol, Hg, from the Latin
word hydragyrum, which translates to “liquid silver.”

The first Chinese Emperor (210 B.C.), Jing Shi Huang,
in a failed attempt to attain immortality, inadvertently killed
himself by drinking several doses of a mercury spiked elixir
over an extended period of time.

Prior to his death, Jing became paranoid (“mad as a
hatter”), had many of his loyal inner circle, advisors, scholars
and academics executed and had hundreds of life sized terra
cotta likenesses of his loyal palace guard constructed, painted
and dressed to be with him throughout a thousand year reign
(he knew that the average man only lived to be 45 to 60).

Mercury is concentrated in the environment by
industry, mining operations, agriculture, dental repairs
(amalgams), and microorganisms that methylate mercury
in the sediments at the bottoms of fresh water or salt water
rivers, lakes, oceans and seas. Mercury has been detected in all
tissues of accident victims, with no known mercury exposure
except dental mercury amalgam fillings.

Historically, the property of being able to dissolve
other metals and form alloys (amalgams) was used by dentists
to create silver-mercury and gold-mercury amalgams to fill
caries (cavities in teeth).

Mercury in fish is present as methyl mercury. People
who rarely eat fish have low levels of mercury (2-5ug/kg);
moderate fish consumers have 10 ug/kg; high fish consumers
(especially if they eat shark, tuna, or swordfish) have higher
values ranging up to 400 ug/kg.

Mercury mineworkers accumulate mercury, which can
reach tissue levels that produce clinical disease. The biological
half life of methyl mercury in humans is 70 days and only
four days for inorganic mercury. The placenta acts as a barrier
against the passage of inorganic mercury but not for methyl

===== Screenshot (91) =====
 


 

mercury. Methyl mercury transfers very easily to the fetus
(“congenital” Minamata Disease in Japanese infants).

The main industrial source of mercury is the chloralkali
industry. Additional sources of mercury that are associated
with human activity include the manufacture of electrical
appliances, paint, dental amalgams, pharmaceuticals, vaccines,
slimicides and algaecides (paper and pulp industries), seed
treatments as agricultural fungicides - especially dangerous
as methyl mercury, and burning of fossil fuels.

The metabolic antagonism between mercury and
selenium, results in the protection from selenium poisoning
by mercury and protection against mercury poisoning by
selenium supplements. Because a mutual antagonism between
Hg and Se exists, Se protects the human kidney from necrosis
(tissue death) by mercury poisoning and the placental transfer
of mercury. Mercury vapor off-gassing from dental amalgam
has been shown to increase the percent of antibiotic resistant
bacteria in the gut from nine percent to 70% in monkeys
given dental mercury fillings. The drug resistant bacterial
population dropped to 12% when the fillings were removed.

Mercury poisoning from inhalation of mercury vapors
was reported during the Victorian Age in “hatters” who used
mercuric nitrate paste to prevent molds from growing on felt
hats and as a result, commonly developed serious problems,
including hair loss, loss of teeth, loss of memory, bizarre
behavior and various forms of insanity, hence the expression

“mad as a hatter” from Alice in Wonderland. Goldsmiths and
mirror workers could also suffer from inhalation poisoning.

In modern times dentists and dental patients have
developed high rates of several diseases thought to be related
to mercury exposure including multiple sclerosis, ALS (Lou
Gehrig’s Disease) and Parkinson’s Disease depending on
what part of the brain was most severely affected. Annette
Funicello contracted multiple sclerosis, which is believed to
be caused by vapors from dental mercury amalgams.

The manifestations of direct mercury poisoning are


 

primarily neurological (i.e. tremors, vertigo, irritability,
moodiness (suicidal, depression, etc.), salivation, inflammation
of the mouth, stomatitis and diarrhea.

Poisoning with inorganic mercury targets the liver and
kidneys. Poisoning with the more toxic alkyl mercury results
in progressive lack of coordination, loss of vision, heart
palpitations, loss of hearing, and mental deterioration caused
by a toxic neuroencephalopathy in which the neuronal cells of
the cerebral and cerebellar cortex are selectively affected.

In 1962, in the small fishing village of Minamata, Japan,
mercury contaminated factory effluent (waste water) was
dumped directly into the bay, which in turn contaminated
aquatic plants (kelp and algae) and bacteria, which were then
eaten by fish. Subsequently it was learned that certain species
of bacteria and plants can metabolize mercury safely.

The contaminated fish were eaten by the bay
residents with disastrous results. The Minamata disaster was
characterized by a high incidence of “congenital” (damage
to the fetus) mental retardation, cerebral palsy, neural tube
defects and high rates of infant mortality.

The Minamata disaster was the eco-disaster event
that resulted in the creation of The Center for the Biology of
Natural Systems.

The cause of autism is thought by some to have a
relationship to the mercury preservatives in some vaccines.

It is of interest to note that none of the other countries (Third
World or Industrialized) using the same vaccines and vaccine
manufacturers have registered the same complaints, level
of diagnosis or law suites regarding a relationship between
autism and vaccinations.

The rate of autism in America in 1980 was 1/150,000 and
2008 it is claimed to be 1/150. A few autistic babies (10%) are
born with the disease, 90% are born normal and then develop
it somewhere between the ages of two and six years of age.

Since 2006 much of the mercury preservatives have
been removed from childhood vaccines because of universal

===== Screenshot (92) =====
 

concerns and class action law suites.

In Iraq, a large scale methyl mercury poisoning was
reported when large numbers of people were fed bread made
with mercurial fungicide treated seed grain and meat (liver
and kidneys) from animals fed the treated grain. The result of
consuming the mercury contaminated grains was thousands
of babies born retarded and having a high incidence of
congenital brain defects including neural tube defects and
cerebral palsy.

Ho-Holmium, a rare earth, is found in igneous rocks at
1.2 ppm, shale at 0.6 ppm, sandstone at 0.51 ppm, limestone
at 0.17 ppm, terrestrial plants at 16 ppm (Carya spp.), marine
animals at 0.005 to 0.01 ppm and terrestrial animals at 0.5 ppm
in bone.

In 1878, two Swiss chemists noticed holmium’s
characteristic spectral lines, but could not identify them, so
they referred to the unknown element as “element X.” In 1879,
a Swedish chemist, Per Teodor Cleve isolated and identified
the element and called it Holmia, Latin for his home town of
Stockholm.

I-Iodine is found in igneous rocks at 0.5 ppm, shale at
2.3 ppm, sandstone at 1.7 ppm, limestone at 1.2 ppm, fresh
water at 0.002 ppm, sea water at 0.06 ppm, soil at 5 ppm,
(strongly bound in humus- large areas of earth are known to be
devoid of iodine), marine plants at 30 to 1,500 ppm; terrestrial
plants at 0.42 ppm, marine animals at 1.0 to 150 ppm, and in
terrestrial animals at 0.43 ppm (concentrates in the thyroid
gland and hair).

Iodine is a violet-black solid that vaporizes to give a
violet gas. It is found in sea weed and brine wells, in the sea,
in the form of inorganic salts and organic iodides. It is the
heaviest element in the halogen family and is highly reactive.
Iodine was discovered in 1811 by Bernard Courtois, who
noticed a purple vapor emanating from a sample of kelp


to which he had added sulfuric acid. The color of the gas
determined its name, translated from the Greek word iodes,
meaning “violet-colored.” A drop of iodine will turn starch a
deep blue (potato, flour, etc.).

Commercial quantities of iodine are extracted from
sodium iodate, which is found in “saltpeter” or potassium
nitrate, mined in Chile. At one time Chile was one of the
largest producers of iodine. Historically iodine was extracted
from the ashes of burnt seaweed. The ocean contains large
quantities of iodine which concentrates in various kinds of
seaweed, including the giant kelp that grows off the coast of
California. Iodine can also be recovered from the natural brines
found in underground wells in Arkansas and Oklahoma.

Historically, one of the most common uses of iodine
was in the form of an alcohol tincture, which was used as a
wound antiseptic for treating minor lacerations and scrapes
of the skin.

Because iodine kills bacteria, the military, campers and
scouts use iodine tablets to “purify” water.

Iodine-131 is used by the medical trade to treat thyroid
cancer and hyperthyroidism and iodine-125 along with an
isotope of palladium is used to treat prostate cancer.

Iodine is known to be essential to red and brown
algae and all vertebrates. In combination with the amino acid
tyrosine, iodine is manufactured into the thyroid hormone
thyroxin. Iodine intake is typically low to begin with, but since
Americans have been restricting their salt intake at the advice
of their doctors, hypothyroidism and goiter have become
epidemic diseases.

The average American takes in 170-250 mcg/day of
elemental iodine. Humans lose considerable amounts of
iodine in their sweat - a loss, of as much as 146 mcg/day, with
only moderate exercise. Metallic iodine is not toxic with long
term intakes of up to 2,000 mcg/day.

Goiter develops in Japanese living along the sea coast
despite high daily iodine consumption. Japanese subjects

===== Screenshot (93) =====
 


 

being fed Chinese cabbage (bok choi), turnips, buckwheat,
noodles, 2.0 mcg iodine, soybean or sea weed developed
goiter in all groups except the sea weed fed group.

Northern parts of the Adriatic Islands had more clinical
goiter than the southern areas while the southwest was goiter-free. Forty-six percent of the population of Pisila, 40% of the
population of Polje, and only three percent of the population of
Milahnici were affected. There is an identical iodine content of
the soil in all three locations. A severe copper deficiency in the
soils of the north and south cause the deficiency state because
copper is a cofactor required for the efficient utilization of
iodine.

Some one million Americans have either a hypothyroid
(low, under active) or a hyperthyroid (overactive) condition.
Thyroid hormones control and regulate digestion, heart rate,
metabolism, body temperature, sweat gland activity, nervous
and reproductive systems and body weight.

Symptoms of Hypothyroidism

Hashimoto’s disease

Fatigue

Cold intolerance

Muscle aches and pains
Heavy or more frequent periods (dysmenorrhea)
Loss of libido (low sex drive)
Brittle nails

Weight gain

Hair loss

Muscle cramps

Depression

Constipation


Elevated blood cholesterol
Puffy face

Dry skin and hair
Inability to concentrate
Poor memory

Goiter

Wilson’s syndrome

161

 

 

Symptoms of Hyperthyroidism

 

Grave's disease

Insomnia

Heat intolerance

Excessive sweating

Lighter/less frequent periods (dysmenorrhea)
Hand tremors

Rapid pulse

Exophthalmos (“bug eyes,” Rodney Dangerfield eyes, etc.)
Weight loss

Increased appetite

Muscle weakness

Frequent bowel movements

Irritability

Nervousness

Goiter

===== Screenshot (94) =====
 


Many foods and food additives are known

“goitrogens” because they interfere with the normal thyroid

metabolism and produce thyroid disease. These substances

include nitrates and nitrites (i.e. ham, bacon, sausage, bologna,
salami, pastrami, pepperoni, jerky, deli-meats, etc.) and
cruciferous vegetables (i.e. broccoli, Brussel sprouts, cabbage,
cauliflower, etc.).

In-Indium is found in igneous rocks at 0.05 to 1.0 ppm,

terrestrial plants at 0.62 ppm, and terrestrial animals at 0.016

ppm. Indium is a rare, soft, bluish-white metal that is corrosion
resistant. When it is vigorously rubbed against other metals it
will leave small residues of itself; when bent rapidly, indium
emits a bizarre “shrieking” noise. Commercial sources of
indium are produced as a byproduct of refining zinc.

Indium was discovered in 1863 by the German chemist
Ferdinand Reich while studying zinc ore. It was identified by
the bright violet light that it gave off during spectroscopic
analysis. Its name is taken from the Latin word indicum, which
translates to “violet” or “indigo.”

Ir-Iridium is found in igneous rocks at 0.001 ppm,
terrestrial plants at 0.62 ppm and terrestrial animals at 0.00002
ppm. Iridium is one of the hardest and most corrosion resistant
metals known. It is considered a precious metal similar to
platinum.

The English chemist Smithson Tennant discovered
iridium in 1803, using the same process that led him to the
discovery of osmium; he isolated iridium from the residues of
platinum ores he treated with aqua regia (a mixture of nitric
and hydrochloric acids).

Tennant named the new metal iridium after the Latin
word, iris, which translates to “rainbow” because of the highly
colored salts.

K-Potassium is found in igneous rocks at 20,000 ppm,
shale at 26,000 ppm, sandstone at 10,700 ppm, limestone at
2,700 ppm, fresh water at 2.3 ppm, sea water at 380 ppm, soil
at 14,000 ppm (a major exchangeable cation in all soils, but
in highest amounts in alkaline soils), marine plants at 52,000
ppm, terrestrial plants at 14,000 ppm, marine animals at 5,000
to 30,000 ppm, and terrestrial animals at 7,400 ppm (highest
levels are found in soft tissue).

Potassium is a silver-white metal with a characteristic
putty or wax-like nature that is so soft that it can easily be cut
with a knife. It is a member of the family of alkali metals along
with the elements lithium and sodium, and like them is never
found as a pure metal in nature.

A naturally occurring radioactive isotope of potassium
is potassium-40, which has a half-life of 1.25 billion years.
Potassium-40 is used to date rocks. When potassium-40
decays, it becomes the noble gas argon. To determine the age
of a rock, it is necessary to know how much argon is present
in the rock. The oldest rocks on earth have been dated by this
method as being 3.8 billion years old.

The human body contains approximately 140 grams of
potassium and since the natural level of potassium-40 is 0.012
percent, we all contain small amounts of this isotope - it is a
natural and life-long contributor to our background radiation
load.

Potassium was first isolated by Sir Humphrey Davy
in 1807 using electrolysis as a means of separating elemental
potassium from its compounds.

Sodium and potassium are chemically similar and are
found in equal abundance in the crust of the earth. Although
both metals occur in silicate minerals and sea water, however,
the large bodies of salt water (oceans, seas and lakes) contain
considerably more sodium than potassium. Potassium is
essential for plant growth, while sodium is not - plants
therefore preferentially take up potassium allowing dissolved
sodium to flow to the oceans.

===== Screenshot (95) =====
 


 

Almost all of the potassium chloride that is mined is
used as plant fertilizer. In fact, plants (crops and trees) were
the early source of essential minerals including potassium for
humans. Wood and other plants were burned in pots or under
pots to produce a potassium-rich ash (“potash”).

The original “chemical fertilizer,” first produced in the
1700s by the German chemist Liebig, was made up of NPK
(nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium) which he formulated
after the ash he produced by burning bread and then analyzing
the mineral content of the ash.

The name, potassium, has its origin from the term
potash, from the early source of the element - wood ashes, the
byproduct of daily living, that was produced by heating and
cooking with wood.

Potassium nitrate, KNO3, is an important compound
that has been used by many cultures for centuries. It is
commonly called “saltpeter” or “rocksalt.” The name is taken
from the Greek word petra, which translates to rock. It looks
like table salt and when dissolved in water, it tastes like salt.

Saltpeter is commonly used as a preservative and
fertilizer. Gunpowder is a mixture of saltpeter, charcoal and
sulfur.

Potassium is essential to all organisms and is the major
cation in cell cytoplasm with a wide variety of electrochemical
and catalytic functions for enzyme systems. Potassium
constitutes five percent of the total mineral content of the
body. It is the major cation of the intracellular fluid and there
is a small amount in the extracellular fluid. With sodium, the
other “electrolyte,” potassium participates in the maintenance
of normal water balance, osmotic equilibrium and acid-base
balance. Potassium participates with calcium in the regulation
of neuromuscular activity.

Potassium is easily absorbed. Ninety percent of ingested
potassium is excreted through the urine. Essentially there is
no storage of potassium in the human body, thus requiring a
significant daily intake of 5,000 mg.


 

Muscular weakness and mental apathy are features
of a potassium deficiency. Hypokalemic cardiac failure is
the most serious potassium deficiency event. Diuretics (both
natural and prescribed), water toxicity (over drinking water),
sweating, colds and flu, vomiting and diarrhea increase
the rate of loss of all minerals, including potassium, when
compared to the normal expected excretion rate.

Kr-Krypton is found in igneous rock at 0.0001 ppm
and sea water at 0.0025 ppm. Krypton is legendary as the
home planet of “Superman” and the source of the mineral
“kryptonite” which had a crippling effect on “Superman.”
In fact krypton in its natural elemental form is a noble gas,
totally harmless to humans and may in fact be an essential
element for all vertebrates.

As none of the Noble gases had been discovered when
Mendeleyev first constructed the periodic table in 1869, he
made no provision for them in the original table. It was only
the discovery of argon in 1894 that produced the need for a new
column in the table. In 1898, the English chemist Sir William
Ramsay isolated and identified krypton as a new element.
He named it for the Greek word kryptos, which translates to
“hidden.”

The chemical inertness of krypton was challenged by
the celebrated American chemist and two time Nobel Prize
winner, Linus Pauling, who in 1933 used quantum mechanics
to demonstrate that a molecule containing krypton and
fluorine should be stable enough to exist. In 1966, Neil Bartlett
of the University of British Columbia produced krypton
fluoride (KrF2) as Pauling had predicted.

La-Lanthanum is a “light” rare earth and is found in
igneous rocks at 30 ppm, shale at 20 ppm, sandstone at 7.5
ppm, limestone at 6.2 ppm, sea water at 0.000012 ppm, soil
at 30 ppm, marine plants at 10 ppm, terrestrial plants at 0.085
ppm, marine mammals at 0.1 ppm, and in terrestrial animals

===== Screenshot (96) =====
 


 

at 0.0001 ppm in soft tissue and 0.27 in bone.

Notably the yeast Candida albicans accumulates
lanthanum at the rate of 370 ppm/day. It is theorized that
this is how C. albicans produces a debilitating, energy sapping
“chronic fatigue” disease, by “stealing” lanthanum from the
victim.

The growth of the protozoa Blepherisma and Tetrahymena
pyriformis is stimulated and their life span doubled by the
presence of the rare earth lanthanum at concentrations of 0.32
ppm.

Li-Lithium is found in igneous rocks at 20 ppm, shale
at 66 ppm, sandstone at 15 ppm, limestone at 5 ppm, fresh
water at 0.0011 ppm, sea water at 0.18 ppm, soil at 30 ppm
(lithium is freely mobile in the soil), marine plants at 5 ppm,
terrestrial plants at 0.1 ppm, marine animals at 1.0 ppm, and
terrestrial animals at 0.02 ppm. Lithium’s density is so low
that a small piece can actually float on water.

Lithium was discovered in 1817 by the Swedish chemist
Johan August Arfvedson during a routine chemical assay of
ore from a mine in Sweden. It was named for the Greek word
lithos, which translates to “stone.”

Lithiumisanextremely reactive metal. Itreacts vigorously
with water, to produce hydrogen gas, and with oxygen to form
lithium oxide (Li,O). To prevent these reactions from occurring,
free lithium is usually stored in oil or kerosene.

Since 1915, the risk of clinical depression nearly doubles
with each succeeding generation. Myrna M. Weissman, a
psychiatrist at Columbia University, New York City, says
that, “Depression is a world wide phenomenon happening at
younger and younger ages.”

In 1935, the age of the early onset of depression was
in the early 20s, by 1955, the age of early onset of clinical
depression dropped to between 15 and 20 years of age.

One in four women and one in ten men will develop
depression. Prozac™, America’s

leading antidepressant


 

pharmaceutical, was introduced to the public in 1987. Sales
soared to $350 million in 1989, more than was spent on all
antidepressants just two years earlier. Prosac™ sales topped $1
billion in 1995 as a result of 650,000 prescriptions per month!

While the professional psychiatrist says that depression
and manic depression are due to feelings that “we are out of
control of our lives,” negative thinking, and self recrimination
(‘I'm a loser”), they treat depression successfully with the
trace mineral lithium. Depression and manic depression with
all that implies, are simply a lithium deficiency aggravated by
a high consumption of sugar.

Lithium carbonate is regularly used to treat patients
with the severe form of bipolar disorder. More than 3 million
prescriptions for this trace mineral are filled yearly. The role of
lithium is thought to be related to the role the brain cells play
and respond to certain hormones and neurotransmitters.

Animal studies show that a deficiency of lithium
results in reproductive failure, infertility, reduced growth
rate, shortened life expectancy, and behavioral problems.

In humans, manic depression, depression, “bi-polar”
disease, rage, road rage, “going postal,” Dr. Jekyll/Mr. Hyde
behavior, hyperactivity, ADD, ADHD, certain forms of autism
and “bad seeds” are all hallmarks of a lithium deficiency
aggravated by a high sugar or alcohol intake.

Chelated lithium supplemented at 1,000 to 2,000 ug/day causes a dose related increase in hair lithium levels. Hair
lithium levels increased after four weeks of supplementation
and leveled off and became stationary after three months.
When the lithium supplementation was stopped, hair lithium
levels dropped to presupplement values in two months. This
scenario is not seen with the supplementation of metallic
lithium carbonate. A comparison of 2,648 subjects showed
that 65% had hair lithium values ranging between 0.04 and
0.14 ug/G; 16% had hair lithium values of more than 0.14
ug/G; and 18.4% had less than 0.04 ug/G. The highest levels
of lithium were found in university students from Tijuana,

===== Screenshot (97) =====
 


 

Mexico. The lowest levels found in hair analysis were found!
in Munich, Germany.

Normal controls showed almost 400 times more hair
lithium than do the violent criminals from California, Florida,
Texas and Oregon. The EPA estimated daily intake of lithium
ranges from 650 to 3,100 ug/day, however, much of the
ingested lithium is metallic and not necessarily biologically
available.

Lu-Lutetium, a rare earth, is found in igneous rocks att
0.5 ppm, shale at 0.33 ppm, sandstone at 0.096 ppm, limestone?
at 0.067 ppm, terrestrial plants at up to 4.5 ppm (Carya spp.),,
marine animals at 0.003 ppm, terrestrial animals at 0.003 ppm,,
and terrestrial animals at 0.00012 ppm in soft tissue and 0.08}
in bone. As with most of the other rare earth metals, lutetium
is silvery-white and corrosion-resistant. As the last lanthanide
in the periodic table, it is the hardest and heaviest rare earth
element.

Lutetium is one of the least abundant of the rare
earth elements. It was discovered in 1907 by the Austrian
mineralogist Baron Carl Auer von Welsbach and the French
scientist Georges Urbain as an impurity in a mineral sample
thought to contain ytterbium.

Urbain created the name for the new element from
Lutetia, the ancient name for the city of Paris. Welsbach
had chosen the name cassiopium, a name derived from the
constellation Cassiopia. Many German scientists still refer to
lutetium by the name cassiopium.

Though he never published his findings, the American
chemist Charles James, known to his colleagues and students
as “King James,” is now believed to have independently
identified lutetium in 1907. |

Mg-Magnesium is found in igneous rocks at 23,300
ppm, in shale at 15,000 ppm, sandstone at 10,700 ppm,
limestone at 2,700 ppm, fresh water at 4.1 ppm, seawater at


 

1,350 ppm, and soil at 5,000 ppm (highest in soil derived from
basalt, serpentine, or dolomite). Magnesium is the second
most common exchangeable cation in most soils. Magnesium
is found in marine plants at 5,200 ppm, land plants at 3,200
ppm, marine animals at 5,000 ppm, and in land animals at
1,000 ppm where it accumulates in mammalian bone.

Magnesium is a white silvery metal that is very light
weight, its name is derived from the ore magnesite (dolomite)
which is primarily magnesium carbonate. Magnesite is
believed to have been originally mined in Magnesia, a district
in ancient Greece.

Magnesium was identified as a separate element by the
British chemist Sir Humphry Davy in 1808, using electrolysis
to extract it from magnesium oxide.

Magnesium is the seventh most abundant element in
the earth’s crust; it is present in such large quantities in sea
water that the earth’s oceans constitute an unlimited supply
of the dissolved metal.

Milk of magnesia is a suspension of magnesium
hydroxide, Mg(OH),, in water, it is used as an everyday OTC
laxative. Another OTC remedy containing magnesium is
Epsom salts. These salts are a hydrated form of magnesium
sulfate; it was first discovered in well water from Epsom,
England in the mid 17th century. Epsom salts are still used
today as a wound disinfectant and for reducing the swelling
and inflammation of bruises, strains and sprains.

Magnesium oxideisanimportantcommercial compound
of magnesium and is extracted directly from magnesite. It is
used as a source of metallic magnesium for animal and human
dietary supplements. It is also the metallic atom found in
chlorophyll of all green plants, which plays an essential role
in photosynthesis, the photochemical process that converts the
sun’s solar energy into a stored “solar currency” for a source
of chemical energy for all plants and all animals and humans.
Magnesium, the source of the deep green color of plants, is the
ultimate source of all biological energy!

===== Screenshot (98) =====
 


Magnesium, as a mineral is essential to all living
organisms and has cofactor, electro-chemical, catalytic, and
structural functions. It activates numerous enzymes and is a
constituent of all chlorophylls.

The adult human contains 20 to 28 grams of total body
Mg. Approximately 60% is found in bone. Twenty-six percent
is associated with skeletal muscle and the balance is distributed
between various organs and body fluids. Serum levels of Mg
range from 1.5 to 2.1 mEq/L (a measure of electrolytes) and is
second to potassium as an intracellular cation. Half of the Mg,
including most that is bound in bone, is not exchangeable.

Magnesium is required for the production and transfer
of energy for protein synthesis, for contractility of muscle and
excitability of nerves, and as a cofactor in a myriad of enzyme
systems. AN EXCESS OF MAGNESIUM WILL CAUSE
DIARRHEA AND INHIBIT BONE CALCIFICATION.

Calcium and magnesium have antagonistic roles in
normal muscle contraction, calcium acting as the stimulator
and magnesium as the “relaxer.” An excessive amount of
calcium can induce signs of magnesium deficiency.

Perhaps the most important manifestation of
magnesium deficiency in modern times is “malignant
calcification.” Malignant calcification appears as calcium
deposits in soft tissue, especially the media or middle layer of
arterial walls. Magnesium deficiency appears to be the basic
root cause of arteriosclerotic calcium deposits, not elevated
blood cholesterol or triglycerides!

Magnesium Deficiency Diseases

Asthma
Anorexia

Menstrual migraines


 

Growth failure

ECG changes

Neuromuscular problems

Tetany (convulsions with muscle cramping)
Depression

Muscular weakness

Muscle “ties”

Tremors

Vertigo

Calcification of arterial media

“Malignant calcification” of soft tissue

 

The rate of absorption of magnesium ranges from 24
to 85%. The lesser absorption rate is for metallic sources of
Mg, the higher rates of absorption are associated with plant
derived colloidal mineral sources. Vitamin D has no effect
on Mg absorption. The presence of dietary fat, phytates, and
calcium reduces the efficiency of absorption. High performance
athletes lose a considerable amount of Mg in sweat.

The RDA for Mg is 350 mg/day for adult males, 300
mg/day for adult females, and 450 mg/day for pregnant and
lactating females. If the kidneys are healthy, there is no evidence
of toxicity at supplemental doses of up to 6,000 mg/day.

Mn-Manganese is found in igneous rocks at 950 ppm,
shale at 850 ppm, sandstone at 50 ppm, limestone at 1,100
ppm, fresh water at 0.012 ppm, sea water at 0.002 ppm, soil
at 850 ppm (can be a major exchangeable cation in very acid
soil), marine animals at 1.0 to 6.0 ppm (lowest in fish), and in
terrestrial animals at 0.2 ppm with the highest concentration
in mammalian liver and kidney.

Manganeseisahard, gray-white metal thathas chemical

===== Screenshot (99) =====
 


LI, Se SPY FN eee
and physical properties that are similar to iron. Manganese
does not occur as a pure mineral in nature, it is usually found
combined with oxygen in pyrolusite, a mineral that is made
up chiefly of manganese dioxide (MnO,).

Manganese was identified in 1774 by Carl Wilhelm
Scheele who named it from the Latin word magnes, which
translates to “magnet,” referring to the magnetic properties
of pyrolusite.

The United States has no deposits of manganese of
any commercial quantities. Rich ores containing up to 40%
manganese are found in South Africa and India. A unique
source of almost pure manganese is found on the floor of
the world’s seas as “manganese nodules.” These nodules,
spherical in shape, are made up primarily of manganese
and iron oxides, and are thought to be the byproduct of
microorganisms that have the ability to extract manganese
from sea water.

One of the most common compounds of manganese
found in chemical laboratories is potassium permanganate
(KMn0O,), which is employed as an indicator for acid solutions.
When dissolved in water, it produces a deep purple color. If
an acid is added to the solution, its color instantly turns to a
pale pink. It is also used to purify community water supplies
and to absorb toxic gases.

The total body content of manganese in humans
is only 10 to 20 mg. Manganese is known to be essential
for all living organisms. Manganese activates numerous
enzyme systems including those involved with glucose
metabolism, energy production and antioxidant properties
of superoxide dismutase (SOD). It is a major constituent of
several metalloenzymes, hormones, and proteins essential to
all vertebrates and humans.

Manganese is an essential part of the developmental
process and the physical structure of the three fragile ear
bones and joint cartilage.

Excessive levels of certain

manganese found in


 

community water supplies and in some industrial processes
can produce a Parkinsonian syndrome or a_ psychiatric
disorder (locura manganica) resembling schizophrenia.

Deficiency diseases of manganese are very striking,
ranging from severe birth defects (congenital ataxia, cerebral
palsy, deafness, chondrodystrophy), asthma, convulsions,
retarded growth, skeletal defects, disruption of fat and
carbohydrate metabolism to joint problems in children and
adults (i.e. TMJ, Repetitive Motion Syndrome, Carpal Tunnel
Syndrome, etc.).

Deficiency Diseases of Manganese

 

Congenital ataxia

Cerebral palsy

Deafness (congenital malformations of otolithes)
Asthma

Chondromalacia

Chondrodystrophy

“Slipped tendon”

Defects of cartilage formation and maintenance
Defects of chondroitin sulfate metabolism

TMJ

Repetitive Motion Syndrome

Carpal Tunnel Syndrome

Convulsions

Infertility (failure to ovulate, testicular atrophy)
Still births/ spontaneous abortions (miscarriages)
Loss of libido in both males and females
Retarded growth

Shortened long bones

===== Screenshot (100) =====
 


 

Repetitive stress injury or repetitive motion syndrome
now costs America $20 billion per year and accounts for
56% of the 331,600 gradual onset work related illnesses and
disabilities.

In 1991, orthopedic surgeons performed 100,000 carpal
tunnel operations (at $4,000 per surgery) with lost work,
wages and medical costs of over $29,000 per case.

At risk for the repetitive motion syndrome are those
working in the world of computers: journalism, airline
reservations, directory assistance, law research, data entry,
graphic design and securities brokerage. Chief among blue
collar victims are the auto assembly workers, chicken pluckers,
meat cutters, postal employees, dock workers, etc.

Repetitive motion syndrome was observed three
centuries ago in monks who were scribes and was described in
1717 by Bernardo Ramazzini, an Italian physician (considered
the father of occupational medicine).

Repetitive motion syndrome victims have reached
such numbers that federal legislation has been passed in the
form of OSHA and Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA)
to ensure work place safety. Large numbers of ergonomically
correct keyboards and furniture have been developed. We
now see literally millions of people in the work place with
Velcro wrist, neck, elbow, finger, knee, back and hip supports
- all for simple manganese deficiencies!!

Mo-Molybdenum is found inigneous rocks at 1.5 ppm,
shale at 2.6 ppm, sandstone at 0.02 ppm, limestone at 0.4 ppm,
fresh water at 0.00035 ppm, sea water at 0.01 ppm, soil at 2.0
ppm (strongly concentrated by humus, especially in alkaline
soils; a few soils worldwide are rich enough in molybdenum
to cause molybdenum poisoning in animals consuming
the plants). Numerous soils are known to be molybdenum
deficient. Molybdenum is found in marine plants at 0.45 ppm,
terrestrial plants at 0.9 ppm, marine animals at 0.6 to 2.5 ppm,
and terrestrial animals at 0.2 ppm with the highest levels


 

being found in the liver and kidneys.

Molybdenum is a hard, silvery metal that is extracted
from an ore called molybdenite (MoS,). There are large
deposits of “Moly” molybdenite in Colorado.

In 1778, molybdenum was originally extracted from
molybdenite and identified as a new element by the Swedish
chemist Carl Eilhelm Scheele who identified it as a new
element.

Molybdenum is essential for all organisms as a
constituent of numerous metalloenzymes. Molybdenum is
known to be an integral part of no less than three essential
enzymes: Xanthine oxidase, Aldehyde oxidase and Sulfite
oxidase.

The average American daily intake of Mo in food
ranges from 76 to 1,109 meg per day. The RDA for Mo is 250
meg per day. Toxicity occurs at 10 mg per day; clinical signs
of toxicity appear as a gout-like disease and interference with
copper metabolism.

N-Nitrogen is found in igneous rock at 20 ppm, fresh
water at 0.23 ppm, sea water at 0.5 ppm, soils at 1,000 ppm
(99% present as non-basic N bound in humus), marine plants
at 15,000 ppm, terrestrial plants at 30,000 ppm, marine animals
at 75,000 ppm, and in terrestrial animals at 100,000 ppm.

Nitrogen in its free state is a gas, and as a gas nitrogen
is relatively inert and is colorless, tasteless and odorless.
Nitrogen makes up 78% of the earth’s atmosphere by volume.
Although a relatively non-reactive gas, nitrogen is part of
hundreds of thousands of compounds that are essential for life,
agriculture and industry. Even though nitrogen is relatively
stable, some of its compounds are extremely unstable and
explosive.

Nitrogen was discovered in 1772 by David Rutherford
(1749-1819), an English chemist and physician. Rutherford
used a bell jar to limit a sample of atmospheric air, he then
removed all of the oxygen from the trapped air by consuming

===== Screenshot (101) =====
 


um

it by burning a substance in it; he then placed a mouse in
the oxygen free jar, which rapidly asphyxiated; he then
demonstrated that “nitrogen” could not sustain life.

Many compounds found in nature and contain nitrogen
are crucial for plant and animal life. Included in the plethera
of biological molecules that have nitrogen as a significant
functional component are proteins and nucleic acids. Despite
the lack of reactivity of nitrogen, there are several natural
mechanisms for converting nitrogen from the atmosphere
into usable nitrogen compounds called nitrogen “ fixing.”

During storms, the extremely high
temperatures of the lightening supply enough energy to break
apart the diatomic nitrogen molecule (N,). The free nitrogen
atoms that are formed can then combine with oxygen to form
nitrogen oxide (NO), and nitrogen dioxide (NO).

Most of the nitrogen dioxide dissolves in rainwater and
then falls to the earth’s surface, where nitrogen-fixing bacteria
in the soil called cyanobacteria use the nitrogen dioxide to
build nutrients such as proteins and amino acids. These
nutrients are then taken up by the roots of plants, which are
in turn eaten by animals, in whose tissues the nitrogen is used
to create animal proteins. Bacteria in the soil then convert the
inevitable waste products of nitrogen metabolism, such as
urea, into amino acids and ammonia. These same denitrifying

electrical

bacteria also breakdown these compounds to form gaseous
nitrogen, which is then returned into the atmosphere.

Nitric acid (HNO,), is of major commercial value in
the United States, where it is used to manufacture fertilizer
(ammonium nitrate), as well as for the manufacture of
explosives and plastics (nylon, polyurethane, etc.). Nitric acid
was known to early chemists as aqua fortis, which in Latin
translates to “strong water.”

More than 15 billion pounds of nitric acid were
produced in the US alone in 1992, chiefly by the Ostwald
process. This process was discovered in 1902 by the German
chemist Wilhelm Ostwald (1853-1932), who received the


 

Nobel Prize in 1909 for his research into the importance and
value of catalysts in chemical reactions.

In the Ostwald process, high temperatures and
platinum catalysts convert ammonia into nitric acid which
can then be used to make explosives.

When nitric acid combines with glycerol, a syrup-like alcohol, it produces nitroglycerine, which is extremely
dangerous to handle, because it can explode with the smallest
of shocks.

Dynamite, a useful and much safer derivative of
nitroglycerine was invented in 1867 by Alfred Nobel (1833 -
1896). He showed that when nitroglycerine is mixed with clay,
itformsa relatively safe, shock-resistant explosive-TNT. Nobel
eventually established the Nobel Prize with an investment of
$900,000 with some of the fortune he accumulated from the
sale and royalties from TNT.

When nitric acid is neutralized with bases including
sodium and potassium hydroxide, it forms compounds called
nitrates. Nitrates and nitrites are added to canned foods and
preserved meats to help prevent the growth of bacteria and to
color meat red.

Nitrates and nitrites are converted to nitrosamines in
the acid environment of the stomach; these compounds can
be converted to cancer causing chemicals (carcinogens) and
can suppress thyroid function.

Nitrogen functions as a structural atom in protein,
nucleic acids (RNA, DNA), and in a wide variety of organic
molecules. Dietary nitrogen (as protein) furnishes the amino
acids for the synthesis of tissue protein and other special
metabolic functions:

1. Proteins are used to repair worn out body tissue

2. Proteins are used to build new tissue (muscle, infant
growth, childhood development, teenager pu berty, pregnancy
(embryonic growth), maintenance and repair).

===== Screenshot (102) =====
 


 

io} Dy 1 - 5

3. Proteins can be an emergency source of heat and
energy (albeit more “expensive” in biological terms than
energy derived from fat or carbohydrate).

4. Proteins make up a major percentage of essential
body secretions and fluids (i. e. enzymes, hormones, mucus,
milk, semen, etc.).

5. Blood plasma proteins maintain osmotic fluid
balance (hypoproteinemia results in edema and acites).

6. Proteins help to maintain acid-base balance of blood
and tissue.

7. Proteins aid in the blood transport of other essential
substances (i.e. minerals, fats, vitamins, etc.).

8. Proteins
(antibodies).

make up basic immunoglobulins

9. Proteins provide a nitrogen pool for the synthesis of
amino acids and new proteins.

Classic protein deficiency results in infertility, poor
growth, lowered immune status, edema, and Kwashiorkor
(potbellied, thin children of Third World countries). The
availability and usability of nitrogen from various foods are
quite different and must be considered when choosing N
sources.

Nitrogen/Protein Utilization Values of Common Foods

Nitrogen Source (Protein) Chemical Score % Utilization

 

Whole egg 100 94

Human milk LOO 87

 

Cow’s milk 95 82
Soy bean 74. 65
Sesame 50 54
Peanut 65 47
Cotton seed 81 59
Maize (corn) 49 52
Millet 63 44
Rice 67 59
Wheat 53 48

enn ————_—

Mixing protein sources such as beans and rice, wheat
and legumes, or vegetable and animal tends to improve the
utilization of the vegetable protein source and make up for
missing amino acids.

Na-Sodium is found in igneous rocks at 23,600 ppm,
shale at 9,600 ppm, sandstone at 3,300 ppm, limestone at 400
ppm, fresh water at 6.3 ppm, sea water at 10,500 ppm, soil at
6,300 ppm (it is a major exchangeable cation in soils, especially
alkaline soil), marine plants at 33,000 ppm, terrestrial plants
at 1,200 ppm, marine animals at 4,000 ppm, and in terrestrial
animals at 4,000 ppm.

Sodium is a highly reactive, bright, silvery metal, light
enough to float on water and soft enough to cut witha knife. It
is the sixth most abundant element in the crust of the earth.

The English chemist, Sir Humphry Davy first isolated and
identified sodium as a new element in 1807 by separating it from
molten sodium hydroxide. The name, sodium is taken from the
English word soda, which itself is derived from the Latin word
sodanum, a common headache remedy of ancient Rome.

===== Screenshot (103) =====
 

ee Eee

Sodium chloride, the chemical name for common table
salt, is mined in large quantities from ancient salt mines on
every continent on earth. Sea water is another common source
of salt, every gallon of sea water contains a quarter pound of
salt.

Salt has been used and traded as a nutrient, preservative
and flavoring condiment since before Roman times. The word
salary, is derived from the Latin word sal, which translates to
“salt.” Roman soldiers were paid a “salary” or allowance in
the form of salt.

“Salt hunger” dates back to the beginning of time and
is one of the basic cravings of vertebrates. Carnivores (man or
beast) do not always show obsessive cravings for salt because
meat contains relatively large amounts of NaCl. By contrast
herbivorous animals and human vegetarians demand large
quantities of NaCl in grains, vegetables, nuts and fruit. The
average dietary intake of sodium per day in western cultures
is five to 12 grams per day, while the Japanese, who outlive
Americans by an average of four years, consume an average
of 28 grams of sodium per day!

Sodium, chlorine and potassium are three indispensable
“electrolytes” so intimately associated in the human body
that they can be presented together. Sodium makes up two
percent, potassium five percent and chlorine three percent of
the total mineral content of the human body. All three are
widely distributed throughout the body tissues and body
fluids, however, Na and Clare primarily extracellular (outside
the cell), while K is an intracellular (inside the cell) mineral.
Sodium, potassium and chlorine are involved in at least four
important physiological functions in the body:

1. Maintenance of
distribution.

normal balance and

water

2. Maintenance of normal osmotic equilibrium.


 

3. Maintenance of normal acid-base balance.
4. Maintenance of normal muscular irritability.

Hormonal control of Na, K and Cl balance is regulated
by the adrenal cortex hormones as well as by the anterior
pituitary gland. Addison’s Disease, a loss of function of the
adrenal cortex, results in the loss of Na and K retention with
clinical signs of general weakness, muscle cramps, weight loss,
and a marked “salt hunger.” The symptoms can be relieved
with the supplementation of NaCl or by administering adrenal
cortical hormones (steroids).

Deficiencies of NaCl occur primarily in hot weather (i.e.
the American heat wave of 1993), heavy work in a hot climate,
or exercise when large volumes of sweat are produced for body
cooling. “Water intoxication” occurs in infants fed low sodium
formulas (because of doctor’s insane paranoia with sodium)
and death occurs as a result of the resultant brain swelling. The
treatment for sodium deficiency is water and salt, either orally
(salt food to taste) or IV (saline administered at 0.9%).

Nb-Niobium is found in igneous rocks at 20 ppm,
shale at 11 ppm, sandstone at 0.05 ppm, limestone 0.3 ppm,
sea water at 0.00001 ppm, terrestrial plants at 0.3 ppm, and
marine animals at 0.001 ppm.

Niobium is a soft, steel-gray metal that is primarily
found in the mineral columbite, an ore that also contains iron
and manganese. Niobium was discovered by the Englishman
Charles Hatchett in 1801, while he was analyzing a sample of
columbite that was owned by the British Museum in London.
The new element was named niobium for the mythological
goddess Niobe.

Nd-Neodymium, a rare earth, is found in igneous rock
at 28 ppm, shale at 16 ppm, sandstone at 11 ppm, limestone at
4.3 ppm, marine plants at5 ppm, terrestrial plants accumulates

===== Screenshot (104) =====
 


 

up to 460 ppm (Carya spp.), marine animals at 0.5 ppm, and
accumulates in the liver and bone of terrestrial animals.

Neodymium is a “light rare earth” proven to enhance
normal cell growth and double the lifespan of laboratory
species.

Neodymium was discovered in 1885 by an Austrian
amateur mineralogist, Baron Carl Auer von Welsbach. He
divided a mineral called didymium into two new and distinct
elemental salts, one of which contained neodymium. Welsbach
created the name for this new element from two Greek words,
neos, which translates to “new” and didymos, which translates
to “twin.”

Neodymium and its oxides, which tend to be rose
colored, are used to make colored glass for welder’s goggles
and the synthetic “ruby” for powerful lasers.

Neodymium is a magnetic substance and is used to
create the most powerful magnets on earth. Disc magnets
made from neodymium are powerful enough to recognize
the magnetic materials in the printing ink used to print paper
money and are used to detect counterfeit paper money.

Ne-Neon is found in igneous rocks at 0.005 ppm and
sea water at 0.00014 ppm. Neon is a “noble” gas, inert and
unreactive, it does not form any compound with any other
element. It is a colorless and odorless gas and is the fifth most
common element in the earth’s atmosphere. Its concentration
in air is 0.002%, or about one-tenth that of carbon dioxide.

Neon was discovered in 1898 by the English chemist
Sir William Ramsy during his experiments with the fractional
distillation of liquid air, he named it neon after the Greek
word neos, which translates to “new.”

The “neon signs” we see in store and restaurant
windows are glass tubes that contain neon gas that glows
when it is energized by electricity. The term “neon sign” is
now used generically for all such glowing tubes, many of
which contain gases other than neon. Different gasses produce


 

signs of different colors; every gas, when electrically excited,
radiates its own characteristic color, argon produces a purple
light, xenon produces a blue-green light.

Ni-Nickel is found in igneous rocks at 75 ppm, shale
at 68 ppm, sandstone at 2.0 ppm, limestone at 20 ppm, fresh
water at 0.01 ppm, sea water at 0.0054 ppm, soils at 40.0 ppm
(higher in soils derived from serpentine), marine plants at 3
ppm, terrestrial plants at 3.0 ppm (accumulated by Alyssum
bertalonii), marine animals at 0.4 to 25 ppm, and terrestrial
animals at 0.8 ppm (primarily in RNA).

Nickel is a silvery metal found in an ore called
millerite, which is a compound of nickel and sulfur. Nickel is
considered a rare element because only one one-hundredth of
one percent of the earth’s crust is nickel. The molten core of
the earth is thought to be primarily iron and nickel. Nickel is
a common element found in meteorites.

While nickel compounds were known since ancient
times, the pure metal was only identified in 1751 by a Swedish
chemist named Axel Fredrik Cronstedt. Nickel is a German
word for Satan, and the element is thought to be named for the
German Kupfernickel, or “Satan's copper.” Like cobalt, nickel
was known in the ancient world as a method for coloring glass
- nickel turns glass green.

The “nickel” or the five cent U.S. coin is made of copper
and nickel, with nickel being 25% of the alloy.

Like iron, nickel can be made magnetic; the alloy
named alnico, formed from aluminum, nickel and cobalt, is
used to produce some of the most powerful magnets.

An important use of nickel is the nickel-cadmium (Ni-Cad) battery.

===== Screenshot (105) =====
 

 


 

Symptoms of Nickel Deficiency

 

Poor growth

Anemia

Depressed oxidative ability of the liver
Increased newborn mortality

Rough dry hair

Dermatitis

Delayed puberty

Poor zinc absorption

Less than 10% of ingested metallic nickel is absorbed.
Nickel deficiency was first reported in 1970. Nickel functions as
a cofactor for metalloenzymes and facilitates gastrointestinal
absorption of iron and zinc.

Optimal tissue levels of vitamin B,, are necessary
for the optimal biological function of nickel. Vitamin B,,
deficiency results in an increased need for nickel in animals
and humans.

Np-Neptunium is a highly reactive silvery metal,
known only as radioactive isotopes. The half-life of neptunium
is 2.2 x 10. Neptunium accumulates in mammalian bone
after ingestion. Neptunium has been found in fresh water
organisms in the Hanford River (USA).

Neptunium was the first manmade transuranium
element. Neptunium derives its name from the planet
Neptune, because that is the planet beyond Uranus (the planet
from which the name uranium was derived from).


 

Currently there are 18 known isotopes of neptunium,
the most important of which is neptunium-237, with a half-life of 2.1 million years.

O-Oxygen is found in igneous rocks at 464,000 ppm,
shale at 483,000 ppm, sandstone at 492,000 ppm, limestone
at 497,000 ppm, fresh water at 889,000 ppm, sea water at
857,000 ppm, soils at 490,000 ppm, marine plants at 470,000
ppm, terrestrial plants at 410,000 ppm (except for anaerobic
organisms), marine animals at 400,000 ppm, and terrestrial
animals at 186,000 ppm. Terrestrial oxygen consists of 99.76%
O° with a half-life of less than two minutes.

The English chemist, Joseph Priestly (1733 - 1804) is
credited with the discovery of oxygen. In his most famous
experiment, Priestly heated an oxide of mercury, and noted
that the gas it gave off “caused a candle to burn with a
remarkably brilliant flame.”

Credit for naming oxygen is given to the French chemist
Antoine Laurent Lavoisier (1743 - 1794) who was beheaded
during the French Revolution. The word oxygen is derived
from the Greek oxys, which translates to acid and gens, which
translates to creator or former.

Oxygen is one of the most important and abundant
elements on earth. It exists in the atmosphere as a gas, in water
as part of the water molecule, and in rocks and minerals in
the earth’s crust. In its most common elemental form, oxygen
is found in the atmosphere as diatomic oxygen - O,. Oxygen
is colorless and odorless; many natural chemical reactions
consume oxygen, including combustion and decay of organic
matter.

Oxygen is constantly being “produced” through the
solar-chemical process unique to green plants - photosynthesis.
Photosynthesis is a chlorophyll dependant process. The green
plant will use the suns solar light energy to cut CO, into carbon
atoms and O,. The oxygen is pumped into the environment,
thus replenishing the oxygen supply.

===== Screenshot (106) =====
 


Thecarbonatoms thatarea byproduct of photosynthesis
are used to construct carbon chains which are then in turn
used to produce, wood (cellulose), complex carbohydrates,
sugars, amino acids, fatty acids, oils and vitamins.

The solar energy stored in wood, carbonaceous plant
materials, carbohydrates and sugars is referred to as “solar
income.

Almost 46% of the earth’s crust is oxygen, and it is by
far the most abundant element in the earth’s crust. Oxygen is
essential to life and is part of almost every biological molecule
in our body. The combustion of various fuels depends upon
oxygen and provides most of the energy for industry and for
heating.

Oxygenisa structural atom of water (inand out of living
systems) and all organic compounds of biological interest, O,
is required for respiration by all aerobic organisms. We can
live for 30 days without food, three to seven days without
water, under ideal circumstances, however, we can only
survive for four minutes without gaseous oxygen.

This critical requirement for oxygen makes it the most
important of all elements from the standpoint of immediate
survival and maintenance of human life.

Oxygen is transported across the alveolar (microscopic
air sacs) membranes in the lungs into capillaries and is
transported to the bodies trillions of cell attached to a large
complex protein molecule - hemoglobin. This molecule is
very large, consisting of 574 amino acids. Found only in the
red blood cell, hemoglobin chemically binds oxygen to itself
and then releases it to our cells. When loaded with oxygen,
hemoglobin is bright red and gives oxygenated blood its
characteristic color. When the oxygen is released, hemoglobin
turns color to a dark bluish red.

According to the 1980s US. Geological Survey,
our earth’s atmosphere had 50% oxygen at the time when
dinosaurs flourished. These oxygen levels were arrived at by
inserting microneedles into trapped air bubbles in polar ice


 

and determining the oxygen levels in the dated prehistoric ice.

Some paleontologists claim that the simultaneous and
universal demise of the dinosaurs followed the widespread
quieting of the earth’s volcanoes, which reduced the
atmospheric levels of CO,, which in turn reduced the oxygen
levels to 38%. It is theorized that the 12% drop in the earth’s
oxygen levels was sufficient to cause the apocalyptic end of
the dinosaurs.

The Geological survey also reported that the earth’s
atmosphere still contained 38% oxygen as late as 100 years
ago. During the 1950s the percentage of oxygen in our
atmosphere dropped to 21% and today oxygen is only 19%
of our gaseous atmosphere. The continued drop in oxygen
levels reflects an increase in oxygen consuming species
and fossil fuel combustion (i.e. vehicles, electric and power
generating plants). Combined with increased consumption is
lower oxygen production (i.e. decreasing acreage of the rain
forests and aquatic algae). The net result of this continued
drop in atmospheric oxygen levels is a relative “anaerobic
state” compared with the 38% of just 100 years ago and a very
dramatic shift to the “anaerobic state” compared with the 50%
oxygen levels of 75 million years ago.

Most pathogenic organisms (disease producing germs)
are by themselves anaerobic. They are “happier,” and flourish
and reproduce with more vigor in the absence of oxygen. You
know them as gangrene organisms, type A “flesh eating”
Streptococcus, MRSA, etc. They are able to survive and
grow in and around living cells weakened by low oxygen
environments, which are also conducive for the growth of
viruses, yeast, fungi, cancer, etc.

The question is, why have anaerobic
“suddenly” appeared in the 80s and 90s, diseases that we
have little or no human history or experience?

Regardless of the name, tuberculosis, consumption,
or scrofula can be found in five thousand-year-old mummies
from Egypt and China, one thousand-year-old corpses from

diseases

===== Screenshot (107) =====
 


Peru, and in ancient writings from the Greeks and Romans.
The “new” modern day anaerobic diseases have little or no
history with humans, nor will you find anything in biblical or
ancient writings describing HIV, EBV, CMV, Herpes II, Hanta
virus, SARS, H5N1 Avian Flu, Candida albicans, yeast, Toxic
Shock Syndrome, E. coli, MRSA, or type A “flesh eating”
Streptococcus Sp.

The most plausible theory is that the anaerobic disease
causing organisms laid around ina dormant state as long as the
atmospheric oxygen remained high (i.e. 50, 38, or even 21%)
and inhibited their activity and growth. With the precipitous
dip in atmospheric oxygen we are having an “oxygen counter
revolution” with a return to the anaerobic bios.

Anaerobic Diseases of Humans

 

. f > re y 7
Disease Year of

Appearance
Viral

Mycoplasma (rheumatoid arthritis And 1958
“Desert Storm Syndrome”)

Herpes II (sexually transmitted herpes) 1978
HIV (AIDS virus) 1982
EBV, CMV (Chronic Fatigue 1982
Syndrome)

Hanta Virus (Four Corners Disease) 1993
Ebola virus 1996
SARS 2000
H5N1 Avian Flu 2004


 

Bacteria

Staphylococcus (Toxic Shock 1982
Syndrome)

E. coli (Toxic Shock Syndrome) 1993
Type A Streptococcus (“Flesh-eating” 1994
Strep)

MRSA (Methacillin Resistant 2000
Staphlococcus aureus)

Yeast/Fungus

Candida albicans (“Candida”) 1982

1900 - 35/year
1992 - 1,450/ year

Coccidioidomycosis (“Valley Fever”)

Cancer

1900 - 1/10
1994 - 2/3

Ca ED

Cancer (all types)

Dr. Otto Warburg of the Max Plank Institute,
Germany, was the recipient of two unshared Nobel Prizes.
Linus Pauling was the only other individual to be awarded
two unshared Nobel Prizes. One of Warburg's Nobel Prizes
was awarded for his discovery of the amino acid and for
describing the basic chemical composition of proteins and
the second for discovering that the metabolism of the cancer
cell is fermentative and anaerobic while the metabolism of
the normal noncancerous cell is aerobic. During the 1950s,
Warburg was able to demonstrate clearly that cancer cells
ferment sugar under anaerobic conditions and die in the

presence of oxygen.
Neutrophils, a type of white blood cell that help

===== Screenshot (108) =====
 


 

defend us by identifying, engulfing, and destroying invading
micro-organisms (i.e. viruses, bacteria, yeast, fungus, malaria,
etc.), parasites, and cancer cells, use hydrogen peroxide as
their “lethal weapon.” Neutrophils tend to be very sloppy,
dribbling their over-production of hydrogen peroxide freely
into the blood stream.

The potential danger of hydrogen peroxide free in the
blood stream could be a loose cannon, but fortunately, we
humans are blessed with a protective ubiquitous enzyme called
catalase. Catalase literally covers our red blood cells and coats
the inside walls of our blood vessels. The function of catalase
is to rapidly facilitate the decomposition of hydrogen peroxide
down to water (H,O) and a singlet oxygen atom (O).

There are concerns by the uninitiated regarding
the “free radical” status of singlet oxygen which has a free
electron. When singlet or atomic oxygen comes into direct
contact with tissue cells outside of the circulatory system
(i.e. cell culture, test tube, wounds, etc.) the cells will die. In
the whole animal or human, other factors come into play to
prevent “free radical” damage.

When ingested in proper dilution on an empty stomach
or administered intravenously under proper conditions, food
grade hydrogen peroxide is readily absorbed through the
stomach and duodenal walls directly into the blood stream
where it is immediately broken down into water and singlet
oxygen. The free electron of the singlet oxygen either combines
with a free electron of a carcinogenic free electron or with the
free electron of a second singlet oxygen, becoming O,,.

Carcinogenic free electrons frequently remain free
electrons under many circumstances. They are actually quite
happy with their free electron status. On the other hand, the
free electron of the singlet oxygen does not like to be a singlet
electron and if it doesn’t locate another free electron to attach
to, it will grab onto another singlet oxygen in nanoseconds
becoming atmospheric oxygen (O,) - the required stuff of
respiration.


 

catalase
@©zonei@gaa bl OF Os emma tO}

Oxygen in the form of hydrogen peroxide has been used
topically, intravenously and orally since the Civil War. It has been
used widely in Europe for over 50 years for alternative cancer
therapies, circulatory disease, arteriosclerosis, emphysema,
asthma, gangrene and more recently as a therapy for stroke
patients.

Stroke patients have inactive but living cells
surrounding the stroke site known as “sleeping beauty” cells
that can be reactivated or jump started when they are exposed
to several atmospheres of oxygen in hyperbaric chambers.
Athletic injuries can also be treated by putting the injured
athlete into a hyperbaric oxygen chamber. The healing time
is shortened significantly so the athlete can return to play in
weeks instead of months.

Os-Osmium is found in igneous rocks at 0.0015 ppm.
It oxidizes organic matter as OsO, and is reduced to Os.

Osmium is a hard, brittle, bluish-white metal with
an extremely high melting point (3,054 C). Osmium was
discovered in 1803 by the English chemist Smithson Tennant,
who found the new element while examining the residue
formed by treating platinum ores with aqua regia, a mixture
of nitric and hydrochloric acids. Tennant named his newly
discovered element for its odor, using the Greek word osme,
which translates to “smell.”

P-Phosphorus is found in igneous rocks at 1,050 ppm,
shale at 700 ppm, sandstone at 170 ppm, limestone at 400 ppm,
fresh water at 0.005 ppm, sea water at 0.07 ppm, and soil at 650
ppm, where it has been “fixed” by hydrous oxides of Al and
Fe in acid soil. Phosphorous is found in marine plants at 3,500
ppm, terrestrial plants at 2,300 ppm, marine animals at 4,000 to

===== Screenshot (109) =====
 


 

18,000 ppm, and terrestrial animals at 17,000 to 44,000 ppm.

Phosphorus is a nonmetal element that was discovered
by the German physician Hennig Brand in 1669. Brand carried
out experiments in the fashion of the ancient alchemists. He
distilled the residue from boiled-down urine and obtained a
new element that glowed in the dark and burst into flames
when exposed to warm air. He had discovered white
phosphorus, a waxy, white solid that melts at 44 C. The name
given to the new element was taken from the Greek word
phosphorous which translates to “bearer of light.”

In many ways, the chemistry of phosphorus is similar
to that of nitrogen. Phosphorus occurs in nature as phosphate
rocks, which consists mainly of calcium phosphate and
fluorapatite, a mineral containing calcium, fluorine, and
phosphate. Almost all of the elemental phosphorus produced
commercially is in the form of phosphoric acid. Phosphoric
acid is a solid that is most often sold as an 85% solution in
water. Its primary use is for the production of triple-phosphate
fertilizers - soil that is devoid of phosphorus is barren.

The original use of NPK (nitrogen, phosphorus,
potassium) as a fertilizer began in the 1700s was a creation
of the German chemist Liebig, who burned bread, grain and
vegetables, analyzed the ash and then produced a cheap
chemical fertilizer from these three elements.

Phosphorous is an extremely important essential
mineral, however, it gets little or no attention from nutritionists
because it is widely available in all foods. Phosphorous is
a major structural mineral for bones and teeth. It has more
functions in the human body than any other mineral, including
its role as a vital constituent of nucleic acids, activating
enzymes, and for several steps of the ATP energy cycle, and
for RBC metabolism.

A complete discussion of phosphorous would require
a discussion of every metabolic function in the human body.
Second in abundance only to calcium in the human body, it

comprises 22% of the body’s total mineral content. The human


 

body contains about 800 grams of phosphorous, just short of
two pounds, of which 700 grams are found in bones and teeth
as insoluble calcium phosphate.

The balance of phosphorous in the human body is
found as biologically active intra and extracellular colloidal
P in combination with carbohydrates, lipids, protein and a
wide variety of other biologically active organic compounds
including the blood’s major buffer system. B-complex vitamins
function as coenzymes to intracellular metabolic functions
only when combined with phosphorus.

Phosphorus is part of most proteins and as such
becomes problematic because elevated P intake increases Ca
requirements when “high protein diets” are consumed. Under
those circumstances P can aggravate osteoporosis, arthritis,
high blood pressure, loosen teeth, periodontal disease, etc.
Phosphorus is present as phytates in cereals and whole grain
flours, therefore, if bread is made from unleavened flours, the
phytic acid will complex with Ca, Fe, Zn, and other minerals
further lowering their absorption rate.

The average adult human dietary intake of P is 1,000 to
1,500 mg/day. In adults and older children, the absorption of
metallic P is limited to about three to five per cent and as high
as eight to 12% in infants. Mixed dietary sources of chelated P
may be absorbed at the rate of 40 to 50%. Optimal absorption
of metallic and chelated P occurs when the dietary Ca:P ratio
is 1:1. Organically bound colloidal P is absorbed up to 98%.

Deficiencies of P have long been recognized in
livestock. Symptoms of P deficiency include the behavior of
pica and cribbing and fractures. Phosphorus deficiency has
only recently been recognized in humans. The widespread,
universal, and ultimately fatal results of P deficiency are the
result of its widespread biological functions, significantly as
the result of a decrease in ATP synthesis (complete metabolic
energy failure) with associated neuromuscular, skeletal, blood
and kidney disease.

Clinical P depletion and resultant low blood P

===== Screenshot (110) =====
 


ji meeennee, ener eee
(hypophosphatemia) without P supplements, excessive use of
antacids, hyperparathyroidism (low calcium/high phosphate
diets are the cause of this disease).

Improper treatment of diabetic acidosis, use of diuretics,
sweating during exercise, and work and alcoholism with and
without liver disease can create a P deficiency.

Vegetarians and vegans who do supplement with
minerals rarely have P deficiency, however, because of their
high phytic acid intake, they tend to always have other mineral
deficiencies including Ca, Cu, Cr, V, Li, Fe, Co and zn.

Pa-Protactinium is found in igneous rocks at 1.4 x
10“ ppm and sea water at 2.4 x 10" ppm. All isotopes of
protactinium are radioactive with a half-life of 32,000 years.
Protactinium accumulates in mammalian bone after ingestion.

Protactinitum is one of the most rare and most
expensive of the naturally occurring elements. It is found in
pitchblende, where it is produced as one of the decay products
of uranium.

Protactinium was discovered by the German physicists
Kasimir Fajans and O. H. Gohring in 1913 during a study of
the elements produced by the decay of uranium ore.

The two Germans originally named their new
element “brevum,” however, the name was later changed
to protactinium in 1949, Its name is derived from the Greek
word protos, which translates to “first,” and actinium, because
the decay product of protactinium is actinium. There are
22 known isotopes of protactinitum. The pure metal was
eventually purified in 1934.

Pb-Lead is found in igneous rocks at 12.5 ppm, shale
at 20 ppm, sandstone at 7 ppm, limestone at 9 ppm, soil at
10 ppm (higher in limestone soils and humus), fresh water at
0.005 ppm, sea water at 0.00008 pm, marine plants at 8.4 ppm,
terrestrial plants at 2.7 ppm (many plant species are adapted
to grow in lead-rich soils and accumulate lead including


Amorpha canescens), marine animals at 0.5 ppm (highest in fish
bones), and in terrestrial animals at 2.0 ppm. The highest lead
levels are found in bone, liver and kidney. Lead is known to be
part of and required for the RNA/DNA duplicating system.

Lead has anancient history, lead coins and lead sculpture
have been found in Egyptian tombs dating back to 5,000 years
B.C. The alchemists associated lead with the planet Saturn and
not only believed lead to be the oldest metal but also believed
that all other metals eventually transmutated into lead.

The metal, lead, takes its name from the Anglo-Saxon
word lead, and its chemical symbol from the Latin word for
the element, plumbum. Lead is rarely found in nature as the
pure metal, the most common lead ore is galena, which is
made up of lead sulfide.

Mineral deficient animals and children with the
symptoms of pica and cribbing, a craving for non-food
items (i.e. paint, sand, dirt, etc.), are very susceptible to lead
poisoning (“plumbism”). Infants and children with pica
will will chew on their toys, cribs, windowsills, caulking,
furniture, and paint. A chip of lead paint the size of a penny
can contain as much as 50 to 100 ug of lead. Consuming this
much lead daily over a three month period will result in lead
poisoning. Like many heavy metals, lead disables enzymes
that are catalysts for subcellular biochemical reactions.

The “normal” background blood lead level is below
40 ug/dl. Children with blood lead levels above 60 to 80
ug/dl have symptoms of vomitting, irritability, weight loss,
muscular weakness, headaches, abdominal pain, insomnia
and anorexia.

Children with blood lead levels above 80 ug/dl show
anemia, kidney disease, peripheral neuritis, ataxia and muscular
incoordination, joint pain, and encephalopathy (brain damage,
learning disabilities, etc.) with eventual death.

The best approach to treating lead poisoning is to
supplement with all 90 essential nutrients to eliminate pica
and cribbing and further ingestion of lead, restoring fluid and

===== Screenshot (111) =====
 


 

electrolyte balance. In addition, the use of IV or IM chelation
therapy using EDTA (ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid) and
BAL (British Anti-lewisite) for a minimum of five days. It is
not unusual for as many as 25% of Pb poisoned individuals to
have residual loss of IQ, loss of coordination, hyperactivity,
learning disabilities and impulsiveness.

Pd-Palladium is found in igneous rocks at 0.01 ppm
and terrestrial animals at 0.002 ppm. Palladium accumulates
in mammalian liver and kidney. Palladium is relatively rare
and, like rhodium and ruthenium, is frequently found mixed
with platinum; it was discovered in 1803 by William Hyde
Wollaston, who named it after the asteroid Pallas.

Palladium is commonly used for the treatment of
malignant tumors. These Palladium compounds inhibit cell
division of the cancer, yet are free of negative side effects.
Radioactive palladium pellets, the size of a grain of rice, are
commonly used as a treatment for prostate cancer. With a
half-life of only 17 days, the palladium-103 isotope delivers
doses of radiation and then disappears. :

Oral compounds of thiamine, lipoic acid and palladium
began to be used as a non-prescription OTC (home remedy)
cancer treatment after the year 2000.

Pm-Promethium is a synthetic rare earth element
created innuclear accelerators and nuclear reactors; its isotopes
are radioactive with a half-life of 2.6 years. Promethium is an
important fission product that has now entered the biosphere.
Prior to man-made nuclear explosions, promethium did not
exist in nature.

Very little is known about the chemical or physical
properties of pure promethium although pure salts have been
produced; the radiation produced by pure promethium salts
causes the surrounding air to glow in the dark with a brilliant
blue light.

Promethium is named after the Greek god Prometheus


 

whostole fire from the heavens; promethium has been identified
in the spectrum of several stars in the Andromeda Galaxy.

The existence of promethium was predicted in the
early 20th century, however, it was only in 1947 that it was
isolated by J. A. Mirinsky, L. E. Glendenin and C. D. Coryell,
a team of scientists working at the National Laboratory at
Oak Ridge, Tennessee. They found promethium among the
plethora of different nuclei of intermediate size, known as
fission fragments. When neodymium is bombarded with
intense neutron radiation it is transmutted to promethium.

Twenty-eight isotopes of promethium have so far been
synthesized, all of which are radioactive. Promethium-145
is the longest-lived isotope with a half-life of 17.7 years. The
electrons given off by promethium-147 nucleus disintegration,
are used to produce light from phosphors to produce heat in
nuclear-powered batteries, to produce X-rays in portable X-
ray units and to measure the thickness of thin sheets and film
such as paper and metal sheets and foil.

Promethium accumulates in mammalian bone and
liver after ingestion.

Po-Polonium is found in igneous rocks at 2 x 10“
ppm. The discovery of polonium by Marie and Pierre Curie in
1898 was one of the “great moments in the history of science.”
Their discovery of this radioactive element (originally c called

“radium”) eventually produced the modern concept of the
atomic nucleus and a basic understanding of its structure.

The Curies were looking for the source of the
radioactivity in the uranium-bearing mineral pitchblende.
Their curiosity was aroused when they removed the uranium
from pitchblende, r radioactivity was still present. Their
investigations eventually led to the isolation of two new
elements, polonium and radium.

Polonium was named for Poland, the native country
of Marie Curie. It is a rare element in nature, being formed
by the decay of radioactive uranium and thorium. Polonium

===== Screenshot (112) =====
 


 

is found in uranium mines in concentrations as little as 100
millionths of a gram per ton of ore.

Polonium has 27 known isotopes, more than any other
element, and all are radioactive. The most common isotope
is polonium-210. It has a half-life of only 138 days, making it
5,000 times more radioactive than radium.

Polonium-210 is a silvery metalloid that is extremely
volatile; it will almost completely vaporize at temperatures
as low as 60 C. As it decays, polonium emits alpha particles,
each of which is a nucleus of a helium atom. When polonium-
210 ejects an alpha particle, it is transmutted into lead-206, a
very stable isotope of lead.

The Nuclear Regulatory Commission has established a
quantity of 0.8 million millionths of a gram as the maximum
allowable amount of polonium-210 that can be ingested; this
makes polonium-210 approximately 100,000 million times
more toxic than cyanide.
Pr-Praseodymium is a “light” rare earth found in
igneous rock at 8.2 ppm, shale at 6 ppm, sandstone at 2.8
ppm, limestone at 1.4 ppm, marine plants at 5 ppm, terrestrial
plants accumulate Pr at 46 ppm (Carya spp.), marine animals
at 0.5 ppm and terrestrial animals at 1.5 ppm (accumulating
in liver and bone after ingestion).

Praseodymium was isolated in 1885 by Carl Auer
von Welsbach, an Austrian baron who had a passion for
mineralogy. He separated a mineral called didymium into
two new and distinct elements, one of which contained
praseodymium; it was named from two Greek words, prasios,
which translates to “green,” and didymos, which translates to
“twin.” The name refers to the green color of the element's
oxide; the second element was neodymium. Praseodymium
was not produced in its pure elemental state until 1931. It is a
soft, silvery-white metal that tarnishes to form a green oxide.

Praseodymium is found primarily in monazite and
bastnasite ores. Monazite sands contain all of the “rare earth”


 

elements, often in concentrations greater than 50%. Monazite
is found in river sand in India and Brazil and in Florida beach
sand. Large deposits of bastnasite are found in Southern
California

Pt-Platinum is found in igneous rocks at 0.005 ppm
and land animals at 0.002 ppm. Platinum is a precious metal,
like gold, is highly prized for jewelry and is used as a medium
of exchange world wide.

Platinum is a durable, heavy, silver-white metal that is
resistant to corrosion, does not react with oxygen and is found
in nature as the pure element. Most of the world’s supply of
platinum comes from South Africa.

Platinum was discovered in 1741 by an Englishman,
Charles Wood, however, there is considerable evidence
that points to the wide spread use of platinum by the pre-Columbian Indians. Platinum is derived from the Spanish
word platina, which translates to “silver.” A bar of platinum-iridium alloy is stored in a vault in Paris where it serves as the
world’s standard for the kilogram.

Platinum is used in the medical treatment of ovarian
cancer and testicular cancer (cis-platinum) as it specifically
inhibits the growth of ovarian and testicular cancer cells.

Platinum is commonly used in the mechanism of
cardiac pacemakers.

Pu-Plutonium isotopes are all radioactive with a half-life of 24,000 years. Plutonium was released into the earth’s
atmosphere by nuclear explosions. Marine plants show 4,000
times the background level of sea water, terrestrial plants
record 0.4 to 2.2 disintegrations/sec/kg, and terrestrial
animals show 0.07 to 6.8 disintegrations/sec/kg. Plutonium
accumulates in mammalian bone after contact or ingestion.

Plutonium is the most important of all of the
transuranium elements, all of which are synthetically created.
Plutonium was the second transuranium element, following

===== Screenshot (113) =====
 


 

neptunium. In1941, the American chemist,GlennT.Seaborg, at
the University of California at Berkeley discovered plutonium,
however, because of security reasons, the announcement of
the discovery was not made until 1946. Plutonium was named
for Pluto, the planet that is found outside the orbit of Neptune
in our solar system.

Plutonium has 15 known isotopes, all of which are
radioactive. Plutonium-239 has a half-life of 24,000 years, is the
most important because it readily fissions when bombarded
by thermal neutrons.

Ra-Radium is found in igneous rocks at 9 x 10 ppm,
shale at 11 x 10” ppm, sandstone at 7 x 10 ppm, limestone
at 4x 10 ppm, fresh water at 3.9 x 10!"™, sea water at 6 x 107
ppm, soils at 8 x 10‘? ppm, marine plants at 9 x 10 ppm,
terrestrial plants at 10 ppm, marine animals at 0.7) x 10
ppm, and in terrestrial animals at 7 x 10) ppm. The highest
concentrations are found in mammalian bone; all isotopes of
radium are radioactive.

Radium was discovered in 1898 by the Polish-born
French chemist Marie Sklodowska Curie and her husband,
Pierre Curie. It is generally agreed that the discoveries of
radium, the electron and Einstein’s theory of relativity
“ushered in the beginning of the modern era in science.”

During their analysis of the radioactive properties of a
uranium-containing mineral (pitchblende), the Curies realized
when they extracted all of the uranium from the pitchblende,
the remainder was still radioactive. Sifting through tons of
ore, they were able to isolate a radioactive mix that was mostly
barium. ;

The barium was employed as a precipitating reagent
for polonium and other elements in the ore. When they
heated the precipitate in a flame to create spectral lines, the
Curies observed an unexpected red color - a new element.
The Curies named their new element (radium) from the Latin

word radius, which translates to “ray.” They also discovered


 

polonium in the same ore. It takes seven tons of pitchblende
to produce one gram of radium.

It took four more years for the Curies to produce a
pure sample of radium, which they isolated from a solution
of radium chloride by electrolysis. In 1911, Marie Curie was
awarded the Nobel Prize in chemistry for her discovery of
these new elements. It was her second Nobel Prize, as she had
shared her first with her husband and the French scientist,
Henri Becquerel in 1903 for the accidental discovery of
radioactivity.

Radium has 25 known isotopes, the most common and
the one discovered by the Curies, is radium-226, which has a
half-life of 1,630 years.

The international standard for the measurement of
radiation is called the Curie in honor of the Curies.

Rb-Rubidium is found in igneous rocks at 90 ppm,
shale at 140 ppm, sandstone at 60 ppm, limestone at 3.0 ppm,
fresh water at 0.0015 ppm, sea water at 0.12 ppm, soil at 100
ppm (“fixed” by clay bearing soils), marine plants at 7.4 ppm,
terrestrial plants at 20 ppm, marine animals at 20 ppm, and
terrestrial animals at 17 ppm (the highest levels are found
concentrated in the liver and muscle, the lowest levels are
found in bone.

In 1861, the German chemists Robert Bunsen and
Gustav Kirchhoff discovered rubidium. They identified
it as an impurity mixed with the alkali metals they were
investigating; they identified rubidium as a new element from
the spectral lines it emitted, one of which is a deep red color.
The name rubidium is taken from the Latin word rubidus,
which translates to “deep red.”

It is documented that rubidium can replace the
electrolyte function of potassium in many species, including
bacteria, algae, fungi, and certain invertebrates (echinoderms
- starfish).

===== Screenshot (114) =====
 


 

Re-Rhenium is found in igneous rocks at 0.005 ppm,
marine plants at 0.014 ppm, and marine animals at 0.0005 to
0.006 ppm, Terrestrial animals accumulate rhenium in the
thyroid.

Rhenium is one of the most-rare of all earthly elements.
It takes one million pounds of molybdenite ore to produce
one gram of rhenium, resulting in a price of $10,000 per gram
in 1928.

In 1925, the existence of rhenium was predicted by and
then discovered by the German chemists Ida Tacke, Walter
Nodack, and Otto Carl Berg. They named rhenium from the
Latin word Rhenus, which translates to the Rhine River.

Rh-Rhodium is found in igneous rock at 0.001 ppm.
Rhodium is very rare and is usually found mixed in platinum
ores. It was discovered by the Englishman William Hyde
Wollaston in 1803. He named it after the Greek word rhodon,
which translates to “rose” for its characteristic rose color.

The catalytic converter of carbon fuel vehicles are
filled with small catalytic beads that are made of platinum,
palladium and rhodium, that act to convert hot exhaust gases
that flow through them into harmless byproducts.

The carbon monoxide and unburned hydrocarbons
are converted into carbon dioxide and water and the nitrogen
dioxide is converted to nitrogen and oxygen.

Rn-Radon gas is found in igneous rocks at 4 x 10" ppm,
fresh water at 1.7 x 10°) ppm and sea water at 6 x 10 ppm.
All 20 known isotopes of radon are radioactive with a half-life
ranging from 54 seconds to 3.8 days. Radon is carcinogenic
and highly toxic when inhaled. Radon is a common household
pollutant and hazard; it is colorless and odorless. Detection
requires the use of OTC detection kits which are generally
available.

Radon is produced as one of the radioactive decay
products of uranium and thorium. This noble gas is the

heaviest known gas, being eight times heavier than air and is
chemically non-reactive..

Radon was originally discovered by the German
physicist Friedrich Ernst Dorn in 1900 while analyzing the
decay products of radium; he named the new gaseous element
“radium emanation.” William Ramsay and R. W. Whytlaw,
two early radon investigators, renamed the gas “niton,” from
the Latin word nitens, which translates to “shining.” In 1923
the name of this gas was changed again to radon.

Radon-222 is the longest-lived isotope of radon, witha
half-life of 3.82 days. Radon-222 is found naturally in the soil
in large concentrations as the result of trace levels of uranium
that are found throughout the earth’s crust. The gas diffuses
through the soil and into the air. Radon can diffuse into family
dwellings and businesses through basement floors and walls.
This dangerous pollution risk is particularly high during the
winter months when doors and windows are kept closed.

As early as the 16th century, it was well known that
uranium miners in Bohemia often died from strange diseases
of the lungs. When radon-222 is inhaled, it decays and emits
alpha particles, which are the nuclei of helium atoms. This
decay product, lead-210 is also radioactive and settles into the
lower reaches of the lung.

Lead-210 has a radioactive half-life of 20.4 years; it is
this extended exposure of the lungs to radiation of lead-210
that causes cancer. Experts believe that 10% of all lung cancers
are caused by radon and it’s decay byproducts.

Smoking cigarettes poses a radiation risk as well as
the well known chemical risk. While it is growing, tobacco
is a victim of contamination by radon in the soil, and the
phosphate fertilizers commonly used by farmers are rich in
uranium. When the tobacco leaf is burned, the inhaled smoke
subjects the smoker to levels of radiation that are 1,000 times
higher those suffered by nuclear power plant employees.

===== Screenshot (115) =====
 

EEE eee

Ru-Ruthenium is found in igneous rocks at 0.001 ppm,
terrestrial plants at 0.005 ppm, and in terrestrial animals at at
0.002 ppm. RuO, is very toxic.

Ruthenium is a rare element that is a byproduct of
refining platinum ores. Its discovery was noted by the Estonian
chemist Karl Karlovitch Klaus, who named it from the Latin
word Ruthenia, which translates to “Russia.”

A current use of ruthenium is as a catalyst for a reaction
that splits water into hydrogen gas and oxygen. This catalytic
method of splitting water to obtain hydrogen and oxygen
depends upon the ruthenium being “excited” or energized by
exposing it to solar radiation. This alternative source of fuel
does not require electricity to generate energy and therefore
ruthenium has an obvious importance in the 21st century as
part of a method that can produce cheap fuel at a low cost of
man generated energy and it is environmentally green.

S-Sulfur is found in igneous rocks at 260 ppm, shale
at 2,400 ppm, sandstone at 240 ppm, limestone at 1,200
ppm, freshwater at 3.7 ppm, sea water at 885 ppm, soils at
700 ppm, marine animals at 5,000 to 19,000 ppm (highest
in coelenterates and molluscs) and in terrestrial animals at
5,000 ppm (highest levels in cartilage, tendons, keratin, skin,
intervertebral discs, hair and nails). Its lowest concentrations
are in bones. In soils, 90% of sulfur is bound tightly in humus,
SO, is a major exchange anion in many soils, and occurs in
soils near to volcanoes. In terrestrial plants sulfur occurs at
a rate of 3,400 ppm with the lowest concentrations found in
bryophytes and gymnosperms.

Sulfur is an important structural atom in most proteins as
sulfur amino acids (cystine, cysteine and methionine) and small
organic molecules. Glutathione, a tripeptide containing cysteine,
is essential to normal cellular reactions involving sulfur amino
acids in proteins. Sulfur is found in a reduced form (-SH) in
cysteine and in an oxidized form (-S-S-) as the double molecule
cystine. This “sulhydryl group” is important for the specific


configuration of some structural proteins and for the biological
activities of some enzymes (proteins that do work).

Sulfur-containing proteins work in indirect ways to
maintain life:

Hemoglobin

Hormones (insulin, adrenal cortical hormones)
Enzymes

Antibodies

Sulfur also occurs in carbohydrates such as heparin,
an anticoagulant that concentrates in the liver and to lesser
degrees other tissues, chondroitin sulfate (cartilage, ligaments,
tendon, discs, connective tissue, etc.), the vitamins thiamine
(B,) and biotin have sulfur bound in their molecule.

The toxic characteristics of arsenic are the result of its
ability to combine with sulfhydryl groups.

A deficiency of sulfur results in osteoarthritis,
osteoporosis and a degeneration of cartilage, weakened
tendons, weakened ligaments, erythematosis, sickle cell
anemia, lupus and other “collagen diseases.”

Sb-Antimony is found in igneous arocks at 0.2 ppm,
shale at 1.5 ppm, soil at 2.0 to 10 ppm, terrestrial plants at
0.06 ppm, and in terrestrial animals at 0.0006 ppm, where it
concentrates in mammalian heart tissue. Antimony potassium
tartrate (tarter emetic) is still used today as the preferred
treatment for blood flukes (schistosomiasis or bilharziasis).

In its pure state, the metal antimony, is a hard, brittle,
grayish crystalline metal. The ore that produces the most
antimony element is stibnite (antimony sulfide), which has
been known for thousands of years. A black compound,

===== Screenshot (116) =====
 


en i
stibnite was used in the ancient days to darken women’s
eyebrows (mineral makeup).

The ancient alchemists often mistook lead bearing ore
for stibnite. The chemical symbol for antimony (Sb) was taken
from its original Greek word, stilbium, named after the mineral
stibnite. In 1855, the safety match was created by the Swedish
chemist Jerry Eugene Lundstom. The head of the match
consisted of a mixture of antimony trisulfide and an oxidizing
molecule such as potassium chlorate. The tip of the match,
above the head,
against a rough surface, ignites and generates enough heat to
set fire to the head of the match (bursts into a bright flame).

contains red phosphus that, when struck

Sc-Scandium is found in igneous rock at 22 ppm,
shale at 13 ppm, sandstone and limestone at 1.0 ppm, and in
terrestrial animals at 0.00006 ppm, where it concentrates in
mammalian heart and bone.

Scandium is a rare element that is found in the crust of
the earth at 0.0025%, it is found in a higher rate in the sun and a
few other stars. Scandium, using the periodic chart in 1871, was
one of the elements that Mendeleyev predicted would exist. In
1879, scandium was discovered by Lars Fredrik Nilson, who
named the element after his homeland. Scandinavia.

Se-Selenium is found inigneous rock at 0.05 ppm, shale
at 0.6 ppm, sandstone at 0.055 ppm, limestone at 0.08 ppm,
fresh water at 0.02 ppm, sea water at 0.00009, soils at 0.2 ppm,
marine plants at 0.8 ppm, terrestrial plants at 0.2ppm, and
terrestrial animals at 1.7 ppm where the highest concentrations
are found in liver, kidneys, heart and skeletal muscle. Keep in
mind that selenium is not universally distributed.

Selenium is a metalloid that can exist in two different
forms, red and gray, called allotrops. Red selenium is an
amorphous, glasslike solid, while the gray form of selenium
is a soft, bluish-gray metal.

Selenium was discovered by the Swedish chemist Jons


Jakob Berzelius in 1817. Selenium was named for the Greek
word selene, which translates to moon.

Vast areas earth are deficient or totally devoid of
selenium; where it occurs selenium is found in the humus of
alkaline soils.

Selenium is found in the humus of alkaline soils.
Selenium is the most efficient antioxidant; it is used at the
subcellular level in the glutathione peroxidase enzyme system
and metalloamino acids (selenomethionine, etc.).

Selenium prevents cellular and subcellular lipids and
fats from being peroxidized, which literally means it prevents
body fats from going rancid. “Rancid” body fats are seen
externally as “age spots” or “liver spots.” These golden brown
pigments of aging are technically known as cer oid lipofuscin.

Lipofuscin gradually fills cells as the individual ages
The medical theory is that these pigments eventually “fil
the cell and render them helpless and this “aging” process
eventually kills the organism.

In fact the accumulation of ceroid lipofuscin is
preventable and can be reversed.

Selenium also functions to protect cellular and organelle
bi-lipid layer membranes from oxidative damage. Highintakes
of vegetable oils, including salad dressing and cooking oils,
concurrent with a selenium deficiency is the quickest route
to a cardiomyopathy heart attack, arteriosclerosis (build up
of plaque in the arteries resulting from free radical damage
to the “intima” or lining of the Posty cataracts, macular
degeneration, dementias, eainiiple sclerosis, cancer, etc.

The polyunsaturated configuration of oils when heated
or treated with hydrogen (“trans fatty acids”) literally causes
the rancidity (“free radical” damage) of cellular fat.

The clinical diseases associated with a selenium
deficiency are diverse and to the uninformed shrouded in
mystery. Selenium deficiency is one of the more costly mineral
deficiency complexes affecting embryos, the newborn,
toddlers, teens, young adults, and seniors alike.

===== Screenshot (117) =====
 


 

Selenium Deficiency Diseases

Direct Result

Anemia

“Age spots” & “Liver spots”

Fatigue

Muscular weakness

Myalgia (muscle pain and soreness)

Fibromyalgia

Scoliosis

Muscular dystrophy (MD, White Muscle Disease, Stiff Lamb
Disease)

Cardiomyopathy (Keshan Disease, “Mulberry Heart”
Disease)

Heart palpitations

Atrial fibrillation

Liver necrosis and cirrhosis

Pancreatitis

Pancreatic Atrophy

Infertility

Low birth weight

High infant mortality

SIDS (Sudden Infant Death Syndrome)

Cystic Fibrosis (congenital and immediately post natal)
Wilson’s Syndrome (hypothyroidism with normal TSH, T3
and T4)

209


Indirect Deficiency Results

HIV (increases rate of conversion to AIDS)
ALS (Lou Gehrig's disease)

MS (Multiple sclerosis)

Alzheimer’s Disease

Cancer (deficiency increases risk significantly)

 

Selenium deficiency can result in infertility in both
men and women. Congenital selenium deficiency (during
pregnancy) can result in a wide variety of problems ranging
from failure to conceive, miscarriages, low birth weight, high
infant mortality, SIDS, muscular dystrophy, Cystic Fibrosis,
cardiomyopathy heart disease and liver cirrhosis. Selenium
deficiency in growing children can result in “crib death” or
SIDS (Sudden Infant Death Syndrome).

Sixty-five percent of SIDS death occurs in children being
fedcommercialinfant formulas low or devoid ofselenium.Slow
growth, small size (failure to reach genetic potential for size
and mass), Muscular Dystrophy, scoliosis, cardiomyopathy
(Keshan disease), anemia, liver cirrhosis, muscular weakness,
lowered immune capacity and neuromuscular diseases are
also linked to selenium deficiency.

In young adults, selenium deficiency appears as
anemia, chronic fatigue, Wilson’s Syndrome, muscular
weakness, myalgia, fibromyalgia, muscular tenderness,
pancreatitis, infertility, Muscular Dystrophy, scoliosis and
cardiomyopathy.

Cardiomyopathy is quite common in young athletes
such as basketball and football players at the high school,
college, university, and professional levels because of selenium
deficiency, as are multiple sclerosis and liver cirrhosis.

Selenium deficiency in adults appears as reduced
immune capacity, anemia, infertility, “age spots” or “liver

===== Screenshot (118) =====
 


 

spots,” myalgia, fibromyalgia, muscle weakness, MS, ALS,
Parkinson’s Alzheimer’s palpitations
(irregular heart beat), cardiomyopathy, liver cirrhosis and
increased risk for cancer (i.e. prostate, breast, colon, lung, etc.).
Selenium acts as an antagonist of mercury. Those at
risk for chronic mercury toxicity (dental amalgams, industrial
pollution, etc.) supplement with
selenium prior to, during and after detoxification activities.

Disease, Disease,

preservatives, should

Ina review of the anti-cancer properties of selenium, Dr.
Gerhard N. Schrauzer (Head of the Department of Chemistry
& professor emeritus, UCSD) states:

Selenium is increasingly recognized as a versatile
anticarcinogenic agent. Its protective functions cannot be
solely attributed to the action of glutathione peroxidase.
Instead, selenium appears to operate by several mechanisms,
depending on dosage and the chemical form of selenium and
the nature of the carcinogenic stress. In a major protective
function, selenium is proposed to prevent the malignant
transformation of cells by acting as a “redox switch” in
the activation-inactivation of cellular growth factors and
other functional proteins through the catalysis of oxidation-reduction reactions of critical -SH groups or -S-S- bonds.

The growth-modulatory effects of selenium are
dependent on the levels of intracellular glutathione
peroxidase and the oxygen supply. In general, growth
inhibition is achieved by the Se-mediated stimulation of
cellular respiration (more oxygen/less cancer).

Selenium appears to inhibit the replication of tumor
viruses in animals and the activation of oncogenes by
similar mechanisms. However, it may also alter carcinogen
metabolism and protect DNA against carcinogen-induced
damage. In additional functions of relevance to its
anticarcinogenic activity, selenium acts as an acceptor of
biogenic methyl groups, and is involved in detoxification
of metals and certain xenobiotics. Selenium also has


immunopotentiating properties. It is required for optimal
macrophage and natural killer cell functions.

The school of pharmacy from the University of Georgia
released a report in August of 1994 that concluded “that a
human selenium deficiency is related to the clinical onset of
full blown AIDS inclinically infected HIV patients.” According
to their report, HIV requires large amounts of selenium for
replication. In selenium deficient patients, the virus competes
with the patient for the limited amount of available selenium.
The HIV patient actually dies of a chronic selenium deficiency
encephalopathy, liver cirrhosis, or cardiomyopathy. Long-term HIV patients (20 years or more) that never developed
full blown clinical AIDS had supplemented with large doses
of selenium.

Si-Silica is found in igneous rocks at 281,500 ppm,
shale at 73,000 ppm, sandstone at 368,000 ppm, limestone at
24,000 ppm, fresh water at 6.5 ppm, sea water at 3.0 ppm, soils
at 33,000 ppm (found as SiO,, the most abundant form of Si in
nature, in silicates and clays), marine plants at 1,500 to 20,000
ppm, marine animals at 70,000 ppm, and in terrestrial animals
at 120 to 6,000 ppm where it is mainly concentrated in hair,
lungs and bone.

Silicon is the second most abundant element in the crust
of the earth, exceeded only by oxygen. Compounds of silicon
bond chemically to oxygen make up most of the earth’s sand,
rock and soil.

Silicon was first produced in its pure state in 1824 by
the Swedish scientist Jons Jakob Berzelius (1779-1848).

The most important silicon compound is silica, or
silicon dioxide (SiO,). It exists in two familiar forms in nature:
a crystalline form called quartz, small chips of which are
found in sand, a a noncrystalline form called flint. Small gems
and semiprecious stones such as amethyst, opal, agate and
jasper are crystals of quartz with colored impurities.

===== Screenshot (119) =====
 


 

Flint has been known for thousands of years. When
struck with an acute-angle blow, it will flake in such a manner
as to produce a sharp cutting edge. Some of the earliest
prehistoric stone tools were made of flint.

Flint also allowed prehistoric man (Neanderthals) to
start fires anywhere and at will by striking flint with iron
pyrite or another piece of flint. Once they understood the fire
starting properties of flint, man was able to move without
carrying fire or burning embers with him - he could now start
fire anywhere in just a few moments with dry tinder, flint and
iron pyrite.

Silica as sand can be mixed with soda ash (sodium
carbonate) and limestone (calcium carbonate) and when the
mixture is melted it becomes glass - there are more than 1,000
forms of glass.

Plants accumulating the most silica are diatoms,
horsetail, ferns, Cyoeraceae, Graineae, and Juncaceae, and the
flowers of Pappophorum silicosum. Silicon supplementation
increases the collagen in growing bone by 100 per cent. Tissue
levels of silicon decrease with aging in unsupplemented
humans and laboratory species. Dry brittle finger and toenails,
poor skin quality, poor calcium utilization, and arterial disease
characterize silica deficieny. High fiber diets contain high
levels of silicon, which leads many investigators to believe
that silicon helps to lower cholesterol. The recommended
intake of silicon ranges from 200 to 500 mg/day.

Sm-Samarium is a “light” rare earth and is found
in igneous rocks at 6.0 ppm, shale at 5.6 ppm, sandstone at
2.7 ppm, limestone at 0.8 ppm, terrestrial plants at 0.0055
ppm (accumulates up to 23 ppm), marine animals at 0.04
to 0.08 ppm, terrestrial animals at 0.01 ppm in heart muscle
and 0.0009 ppm in mammalian bone and liver. Samarium
enhances normal cell proliferation and doubles the life span
of laboratory species.

Samarium is the fifth most abundant of the rare earth

elements, it was discovered in 1879 by the French chemist
Paul-Emile Lecoq de Boisbaudran, who correctly identified
the element's spectral absorption lines in a mineral called
samarskite, which has been named for a Russian army officer,
Colonel Samarski. ;

The primary ores that samarium is extracted from are
monazite and bastnasite. Monazite contains all of the rare
earth elements; it is found in river sand in India and Brazil
and in Florida beach sand. Extensive deposits of bastnasite
are found in Southern California.

Sn-Tin is found in igneous rocks at 2.0 ppm, shale at 6.0
ppm, sandstone and limestone at 0.5 ppm, fresh water at 0.00004
ppm, sea water at 0.003 ppm, soils at 2.0 to 200 ppm (strongly
absorbed by humus), marine plants at 1.0 ppm, terrestrial
plants at 0.3 ppm (highest in bryophytes and lichens), marine
animals at 0.2 to 20.0 ppm, terrestrial animals at 0.15 ppm with
highest levels being found in lungs and intestines.

Originally the presence of tin in tissue was attributed
to environmental contamination; however, careful and
detailed studies by Schwarz demonstrated that tin produced
acceleration of growth in rats and further met the standards
for being an essential trace element. Tin has several chemical
and physical properties similar to those of carbon, silica,
germanium and lead.

Rats fed tin at 17.0 ng/gm show poor growth, reduced
feeding efficiency, hearing loss, and bilateral (male pattern)
hair loss, while rats fed 1.99 ug/gm were physiologically and
anatomically normal.

Schwarz demonstrated tin to be an essential element
in 1970. Tin has been shown to exert a strong induction effect
on the enzyme heme oxygenase, enhancing heme breakdown
in the kidney. There is also evidence for tin having cancer
prevention properties. A federal study released in November
1991, showed that men in recent generations have poorer
hearing at any given age than men in earlier generations. Men

===== Screenshot (120) =====
 

Sel gasses

over age 30 lose their hearing more than twice as women of
the same age. So much for having a “tin ear”!

Sr-Strontium is found in igneous rocks at 375 ppm,
shale at 300 ppm, sandstone at 20 ppm, limestone at 610 ppm,
fresh water at 0.08 ppm, sea water at 8.1 ppm, soils at 300
ppm, marine plants at 260 to 1,400 ppm, terrestrial plants at
26 ppm, marine animals at 20 to 500 ppm, and in terrestrial
animals at 14 ppm, where it is most highly concentrated in
mammalian bone.

Natural sources of strontium are the mineral ores
celestite, which is a form of strontium sulfate, and strontianite,
a strontium carbonate. Both strontium and the mineral
strontianite were named in 1789 by the English scientist
Dr. Adair Crawford, who first identified the element in the
Scottish village of Strontian.

Strontium can replace calcium in many organisms,
including man. There is considerable evidence for essentiality
in mammals including man. Deficiencies of strontium are
associated with certain types of calcium and boron resistant
osteoporosis and arthritis.

Strontium-90, the man-made radioactive isotope of
the fission atomic explosions and the greatest biohazard fear
during the “Cold War,” does not occur in nature and has a
half-life of 28.8 years.

Ta-Tantalum is found in igneous rocks at 2.0 ppm,
shale at 0.8 ppm, sandstone and limestone at 0.05 ppm, sea
water at 0.0000025 ppm, and in marine animals accumulates
up to 410 ppm.

Anders Gustav Ekeberg, aSwedish chemist, discovered
the new element in 1802 near the Swedish town of Ytterby,
which played an important role in the history of chemistry,
particularly as a source of minerals for the discovery of rare
earths.

Ekeberg named his new element for Tantalos, the father


of Niobe, who, in Greek mythology, was queen of the city of
Thebes. For almost 50 years after Ekeberg’s announcement
of his new element, many chemist thought he had confused
tantalum with niobium. Pure tantalum metal was not
produced until 1903.

The principal ore of tantalum is the mineral columbite,
which is widely distributed throughout the world, with large
deposits in Africa, Thailand, Portugal and Canada. Tantalum
is used for dental and joint prosthesis.

Tb-Terbium is found in igneous rock at 0.9 ppm,
shale at 0.58 ppm, sandstone at 0.41 ppm, limestone at 0.071
ppm, terrestrial plants at 0.0015 ppm, marine animals at 0.006
to 0.01 ppm and terrestrial animals at 0.0004 ppm where it
accumulates in bone.

Terbium is one of the least abundant of the rare earth
elements. Carl Gustaf Mosander discovered the element in
1843 by isolating its oxide from the mineral yttria.

Terbium is recovered commercially from the mineral
monazite, a mixture of rare earth elements combined with
thorium and calcium. It is found in river sands from India
and Brazil and in beach sand from Florida.

In its pure metallic form, terbium is silvery-white and
is soft enough to be cut with a knife.

Tc-Technetium is not found in nature and all isotopes
are radioactive. Technetium was the first new element to be
produced in a laboratory. Technetium gets its name from the
Greek word teknetos, which translates to “artificial.”

While it is not found in nature in the earth’s crust,
technetium has been discovered in some stars. Technetium
was discovered in 1937 by Emilio Segre and Carlo Perrier.
The discovery was made in Italy from a small sample sent to
them by the University of California at Berkeley. Technetium
is poorly absorbed by mammals.

===== Screenshot (121) =====
 


 

Te-Tellurium is found in igneous rocks at 0.001 ppm,
terrestrial plants at 2 to 25 ppm, and in terrestrial animals at 0.02
ppm. Tellurium is a rare, silvery-white metalloid belonging to
the family of elements that includes such nonmetallic elements
as oxygen and sulfur. Sulfur and oxygen can combine with
other metals to form sulfides; tellurium combines with gold
to form a telluride.

Tellurium is one of the few elements that combines
with gold. The compounds are gold telluride, and they are
commonly found in gold-bearing ores.

Tellurium was discovered in Germany in 1782 by an
inspector of mines, Franz Joseph von Reichenstein, an amateur
scientist, who was experimenting with an ore he picked up in
a gold mine in Transylvania. It was named in Berlin from the
Latin word tellus, which translates to earth.

Th-Thorium is found in igneous rocks at 9.6 ppm, shale
at 12 ppm, sandstone and limestone at 1.0 - 7.0 ppm, soils at
5 ppm, marine animals at 0.003 to 0.03 ppm and terrestrial
animals at 0.003 to 0.1 ppm. Thorium is a radioactive, silvery-white metal that is very soft. Its oxide has a melting point of
3,300 C, one of the highest of any oxide, and when shaved
into small pieces, it can be ignited in air to produce a brilliant
white light.

Thorium was discovered in 1828 by the Swedish
chemist Jons Jakob Berzelius, who named it for Thor, the
Scandinavian god of war. He was not aware of its radioactivity
as radioactivity was not known until it was discovered by
Henri Becquerel and the Curies in 1897.

Thorium-232, the radioactive isotope of thorium that
occurs naturally, is actually very weakly radioactive. Its half-life is a whopping 14 billion years, so that very little of it
decays in a short period of time.

Thorium lead and
approximately four times more abundant than uranium ores.
Monasite sand, which is common as beach sand in Florida,

ores are aS COMmmon as ore

can contain as much as 10% thorium, and this sand is used for
the commercial production of the element.

Ti-Titanium is found in igneous rocks at 5,700 ppm,
shale at 4,600 ppm, sandstone at 1,500 ppm, sea water at 0.001
ppm, soils at 5,000 ppm, marine plants at 12.0 to 80.0 ppm
(accumulates in plankton), terrestrial plants at 1.0 ppm, marine
animals at 0.2 to 20.0 ppm and terrestrial animals at 0.2 ppm.

Titanium is the ninth most abundant element in the
earth’s crust, and making up 0.6 per cent of the earth’s mass.
It was discovered in 1791 by an amateur English mineralogist,
the Reverend William Gregor, titanium was named for the
Titans of Greek mythology. The minerals rutile and ilemnite
are the common sources of titanium.

Each jet engine from a Boeing 747 contains 10,000

pounds of titanium and its compounds.
Tm-Thulium is a “heavy” rare earth and is extremely
rare; it is found in igneous rocks at 0.48 ppm, shale at 0.28 ppm,
sandstone at 0.3 ppm, limestone at 0.065 ppm, terrestrial plants
at 0.0015 ppm, and terrestrial animals at 0.00004 ppm. Thulium
supplementation enhances the growth of normal cells in cell
culture and has doubled the life span of laboratory species.

The Swedish chemist Per Teodor Cleve discovered the
element in 1879 by isolating its greenish oxide from the mineral
erbia. He named his new element for Thule, the ancient name
for Scandinavia.

The main source of thulium is the mineral monazite,
which consists of approximately seven thousandths of one
percent thulium. Monazite, which contains all of the rare earth
elements in addition to thorium and calcium, is found in the
river sands in India and Brazil and in beach sand in Florida.

Thulium is a bright silvery metal that is soft that it can
be cut with a knife.

===== Screenshot (122) =====
 

Se ——————E—eeeed

U-Uranium is found in igneous rock at 2.7 ppm, shale
at 3.7 ppm, sandstone at 0.95 ppm, limestone at 2.2 ppm,
fresh water at 0.001 ppm, sea water at 0.003 ppm, soil at ppm
(absorbed by humus, especially in alkaline soils), terrestrial
plants at 0.038 ppm (Astragalus spp. is an accumulator plant),
marine animals at 0.004 to 3.2 ppm, and animals at 0.013 ppm.
All natural isotopes are alpha emitters and may also decay by
fission. Uranium is accumulated by mammalian kidney and
bone after ingestion.

Uranium is the last and heaviest of the natural elements.
The average person associates uranium with nuclear reactors
and the atomic bomb as a source of limitless energy. Once
considered rare, uranium is now known to be commonly
found in many minerals, including pitchblende, uranite,
“vellowcake,” and monazite sands. In the United States, the
ownership and sale of uranium are strictly controlled by the
U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission.

The use of uranium compounds to color glass and
ceramic glazes dates back for thousands of years. In 1789, the
German chemist Martin Klaproth, was the first investigator to
recognize that pitchblende contained a yet unknown element.
It was not until 1841 that the French chemist Eugene-Melchior
Peligot first isolated and identified uranium. It was named
after the planet Uranus. In 1896, the French physicist Henri
Becquerel discovered that uranium was radioactive.

A typical sample of uranium consists of two isotopes,
uranium-238 (99.2798 per cent) and uranium-235 (0.7171
percent). Uranium-238 is the dominant isotope of the element;
its half-life of 4.6 billion years makes it the longest-lived of the
three uranium isotopes.

V-Vanadium is found in igneous rocks at 1135 ppm,
shale at 130 ppm, sandstone at 20 ppm, limestone at 20 ppm,
fresh water at 0.001 ppm, sea water at 0.002 ppm, soils at
100 ppm (vanadium is absorbed by humus, especially in
alkaline soils), marine plants at 2.0 ppm, terrestrial plants
at 1.6 ppm (accumulated by the fungus Armanita muscaria),

a ear 5

marine animals at 0.14 to 2.0 ppm, and in terrestrial animals
at 0.15 ppm. Metallic vanadium (vanadyl sulfate) is absorbed
from the intestinal tract very poorly at only 0.1 to 1.0 percent,
vanadium chelates are absorbed at 40 percent, and plant
derived colloidal forms at up to 98%.

Vanadium makes up 0.02% of the earth’s crust, and is
present in trace amounts in more than 60 different ores. The
predominant source of vanadium is vanadinite. A Mexican
professor of mineralogy, Andres Manuel del Rio, discovered
vanadium in 1801. It was later named for the Scandinavian
goddess Vanadis because of its many beautifully colored
compounds. ‘ ”

Vanadium was proven to be essential in 1971. Vanadium
stimulates blood sugar (glucose) oxidation and transport in fat
cells and glycogen (animal starch) synthesis in liver and muscle,
and inhibits liver gluconeogenesis (production of glucose from
fat and protein) and absorption of glucose from the gut.

Vanadium enhances the stimulating effect of insulin
on DNA synthesis. Despite low serum insulin, the blood
glucose levels of diabetic rats fed vanadium was the same as
the glucose levels of normal controls. Vanadium appears to
function like insulin by altering cell membrane function for
ion transport. Therefore vanadium has a very beneficial effect
for humans with glucose and carbohydrate intolerance (i.e.
hypoglycemia, hyperinsulinemia, narcolepsy, prediabetes,
diabetes, depression, manic depression, bi-polar disease,
“chemical imbalance,” ADD, ADHD, violent behavior, autism,
etc.) by making the cell membrane insulin receptors more
sensitive to insulin.

Vanadium inhibits cholesterol synthesis in animals
and humans; this followed by decreased plasma levels of
cholesterol and reduced aortic cholesterol. Vanadium initiates
an increase in the contractile force of heart muscle known as
the “inotropic effect.”

Vanadium has known anticarcinogenic properties.
Feeding 25 ug of vanadium per gram of diet blocked

===== Screenshot (123) =====
 


ee

induction of mouse mammary tumor growth. The vanadium
supplement reduced tumor incidence, average tumor count
per animal, and prolonged median cancer-free time without
inhibiting overall growth or health of the animals.

Clinical Diseases Associated with Vanadium Deficiency
Slow growth
Increased infant mortality
Infertility
Elevated cholesterol
Elevated triglycerides
Hypoglycemia
Hyperinsulinemia
Narcolepsy
Prediabetes
Diabetes (adult onset, type II)
ADD, ADHD
Depression
Manic depression (Bi-polar disease)
lourette’s syndrome
Autism
Cardiovascular disease

Obesity


eens Le

W-Tungsten is found in igneous rocks at 1.5 ppm, shale

at 1.8 ppm, sandstone at 1.6 ppm, limestone at 0.6 ppm, sea

water at 0.0001 ppm, soils at 1.0 ppm, marine plants at 0.0035

ppm, marine animals at 0.0005 to 0.05 ppm, and in terrestrial

animals at 0.005 ppm. Tungsten accumulates in heart muscle
and teeth at 0.00025 ppm.

When all of its impurities are removed tungsten is soft
enough to be cut with a saw. It is believed that two Spanish
brothers, Juan Jose and Fausto del Elhuar discovered tungsten
in 1783, extracting it from the mineral known as wolframite.
There is evidence, however, that the element was known before
that time and was called wolfram. Many chemist, particularly
in Germany, still refer to tungsten as wolfram - this explains
the chemical symbol “W.” The more widely accepted name
for the element tungsten was taken from the Swedish words
tung stem, which translates to “heavy stone.”

The main ores of tungsten are wolframite and scheelite;
about 75% of the world’s tungsten deposits are thought to be
in China.

Xe-Xenon is found in ineous rocks at 0.00003 ppm and
in sea water at 0.000052 ppm. Xenon binds to mammalian
hemoglobin and myoglobin producing an anesthetic effect.

Xenon is a heavy “noble” gas with a density that is five
times heavier than air; like the other noble gases it exists as a
monoatomic molecule that has no color, odor or taste.

Xenon was discovered by the English chemist Sir
William Ramsay in 1898 and named by him. He derived the
name for this new element from the Greek word xenos, which
translates to “the strange one.”

In 1962, Neil Barlett, an English chemist working at
the University of British Columbia, made the first noble gas
compound. He combined xenon and platinum hexafluoride
which produced a solid, yellow-orange compound, which
consisted of xenon, platinum and fluorine.

===== Screenshot (124) =====
 

Fn ed

Y-Yttrium is a “heavy” rare earth element found in
igneous rocks at 33 ppm, shale at 18 ppm, sandstone at 9.1
ppm, limestone at 4. 3 ppm, sea water at 0.0003 ppm, soils at
50 ppm, terrestrial plants at 0.6 ppm (accumulates in ferns),
marine mammals at 0.01 to 0.2 ppm, and in terrestrial animals
at 0.04 ppm where it is found in mammalian bone, teeth and
liver.

Yttrium is found only in small quantities in the earth’s
crust. Rocks brought back from the moon by the Apollo
astronauts had a surprisingly high level of yttrium. Yttrium
was first identified in 1789 by Johan Gadolin; he named it for
the small Swedish village of Ytterby, near Stockholm. The
greatest quantity of yttrium is extracted from monazite sand.

Yttrium is a silver-gray metal that is reactive enough to
burn spontaneously in air w hen it is cut into tiny pieces.

Yttrium enhances normal cell growth and doubles the
life span of laboratory species. Exposure of pregnant mice to
yttrium leads to rapid placental transfer. Fourteen per cent of
yttrium ingested by the pregnant female can be detected in
the newborn mouse pups.

Yb-Ytterbium is a rare earth element found in igneous
rock at3 ppm, shale at 1.8 ppm, sandstone at 1.3 ppm, limestone
at 0.43 ppm, terrestrial plants at 0.0015 ppm, marine animals
at 0.02 ppm, and in terrestrial animals at 0.00012 ppm, where
it accumulates at up to 0.3 ppm in bone, teeth and liver.

The French chemist Jean de Marignac discovered this
element in 1878 as a part of the mineral known as erbia and
was the first “rare earth” element discovered. It was named for
the Swedish village of Ytterby. The main source of ytterbium
is monazite sand which contains all of the rare earths, thorium
and calcium and is found in river sand from India and Brazil
and beach sand from Florida at three hundredths of one per
cent.

Alloys are used in dentistry and to manufacture certain
forms of stainless steel


Exposure of pregnant mice leads to rapid placental

fourteen percent of ingested ytterbium can be
detected in newborn mice.

transfer;

Zn-Zinc is found in igneous rocks at 70 ppm, shale at
95 ppm, sandstone at 116 ppm, limestone at 20 ppm, fresh
water at 0.01 ppm, sea water at 0.01 ppm, soils at 50 ppm,
marine plants at 6 to 1,500 ppm, terrestrial plants at 100 ppm,
marine animals at 6 to 1,500 ppm, and in terrestrial animals at
160 ppm.

Zinc accumulates in mammalian kidney, prostate, and
eye. Zinc was known to be an essential growth factor for bread
mold more than 100 years ago, essential for rats more than 50
years ago, and essential for humans 20 years ago.

Zinc deficiency produces a wide range of diseases
including congenital birth defects and degenerative diseases
of all age groups.

Congenital Birth Defects Associated with Zinc Deficiency

 

Down’s Syndrome

Cleft lip and cleft palate

Brain defects (dorsal herniation, hydroencephaloceol)
Micro or anophthalmia (small or absent eyes)
Agnathia (small lower jaw)

Spina bifida (neural tube defects)

Clubbed limbs

Syndactyly (webbed toes and fingers)

Polydactyly (extra limbs and digits)

Atresia (failure to develop limbs. Digits, organs, openings,
etc.)

===== Screenshot (125) =====
 

Te ee

Hernias (hiatal, diaphragmatic, umbilical, inguinal, etc.)
Heart defects

Lung defects

Urogenital defects (horseshoe kidney, small kidney,
intersex malformations of the male and female genitals)

There are 1.4 to 2.3 grams of zinc in the adult human.
The liver, pancreas, kidney, bone and skeletal muscle have the
greatest reserves of zinc. Lesser amounts are found in the eye,
protate gland, semen, skin, hair, fingernails and toenails.

There are no less than 70 metalloenzymes that
require zinc as a functional cofactor. These metalloenzymes
include carbonic anhydrase, alkaline phosphatase, lactic
dehydrogenase, and carboxypeptidase. Zinc helps to
bind enzymes to substrates by maintaining spatial and
configurational relationships. Some enzymes bind zinc so
tightly that even during severe zinc depletion they can still
function.

Zinc participates in the metabolism of nucleic acids
and the synthesis of proteins. Zinc is also an integral part of
the RNA molecule itself where zinc provides the “metallic
fingers” and participates in cell division and synthesis of DNA.
The DNA-dependent RNA polymerase is a zinc-depndant
enzyme, as is thymidine kinase.

Excesses of dietary copper and iron and high phytate
diets (vegans) will reduce availability of dietary zinc. Heavy
losses of zine occurs in sweat, therefore, unsupplemented
athletes are particularly at high risk for zine deficiency with
the following symptoms such as anorexia nervosa, muscle
weakness, pica and cribbing, etc.


Symptoms and Diseases of Zinc Deficiency

Pica/Cribbing (geophagia, pagophagia, wool eating,
hair eating, dirt eating, paint eating, etc.)

Loss of sense of smell

Loss of sense of taste

Infertility

Failure of wounds and ulcers to heal

Immune status failure

Poor growth (short stature)

High Infant mortality

Hypogonadism (small, poorly functioning ovaries and
testes)

Perpetual prepubic state

Anemia

Alopecia (hair loss)

Acrodermatitis enteropathica (parakeratosis, celiac
disease)

“Frizzy” hair

Diarrhea

Depression

Paranoia

Oral and perioral dermatitis

Weight loss (anorexia nervosa)

Benign prostatic hypertrophy (BPH, noncancerous
prostatic enlargement)

Severe body odor (“smelly tennis shoe” syndrome)

Anorexia and Bulimia

===== Screenshot (126) =====
 

 


Zr-Zirconium is found in igneous rocks at 165 ppm,
shale at 160 ppm, sandstone at 220 ppm, limestone at 19 ppm,
fresh water at 0.0026 ppm, sea water at 0.000022 ppm, soils at
300 ppm, marine plants at 20 ppm, terrestrial plants at 0.64
ppm, marine animals at 0.1 to 1.0 ppm, and terrestrial animals
at 0.3 ppm.

Zirconium was discovered in 1787 by the German
chemist Martin Heinrich Klaproth. The best known compound
of zirconium is the mineral zircon. This mineral has been
known since ancient times and is even referred to in the Bible.
Zirconium derives its name from zargun, which is the Arabic
name for zircon and translates to “gold color.”

Zircon is a crystalline compound of zirconium silicate
(ZrSiO,). Itis found ina variety of colors, and when the crystal
is cut and polished, the stone is regarded as a semiprecious
gem. Zircon has a very high index of refraction, which means
that it has the property of bending light through large angles.
Because the colorless crystals of zircon have a high brilliance
they are oftentimes used as a diamond substitute in faux

jewelry.

Essential Minerals and Elements Found in a High Quality
Humic Shale (Plant Derived Minerals and Elements)*

Rhenium

Rubidium
Samarium
Scandium

Aluminum Gold
Hafnium
Holmium
Hydrogen

Arsenic
Barium
Beryllium

Boron lodine Selenium
Bromine Iron Silica
Calcium Lanthanum Silver
Carbon Lithium Sodium
Cerium Lutetium Strontium

Cesium Magnesium Sulfur

Chloride
Chromium
Cobalt
Copper
Dysprosium
Erbium
Europium
Gadolinium
Gallium
Germanium

nN
N
N


 

Manganese
Molybdenum
Neodymium
Nickel
Niobium
Nitrogen
Oxygen
Phosphorus
Potassium

Praseodymium

Tantalum
Terbium
Thulium
Tin
Titanium
Vanadium
Ytterbium
Yttrium
Zinc
Zirconium

 

S : ;
Many of the minerals and elements listed are not “Classically” considered to be
essential,” however, they meet at least two or more of the criteria necessary to

be declared an essential nutrient.

===== Screenshot (127) =====

 

Pattte2:

“In more primitive times man returned sewage
wastes, and dejecta (wood ashes) to the soil. Now he has
become sanitary and discharges what came from the soil
into the rivers, and eventually into the ocean.

D.C. Jarvis, M.D.
Folk Medi

  

ine

The Currency of Life

 


 

Chapter 6

“Tt is our duty, my young friends, to resist old
age; to compensate for its defects by a watchful care; to

fight against it as we would fight against disease; to adopt

a regimen of health; to practice moderate exercise; to take
just enough food and drink to restore our strength and
not to overburden it.”

Cicero,(106-43 B.C.)

Roman statesman

“Terra preta exists in two forms: terra preta itself,
a black soil thick with pottery and terra mulata, a lighter
dark brown soil with much less pottery. A number of
researchers believe that although Indians made both, they
deliberately created only the terra mulata. Terra preta was
the soil created directly around homes by charcoal (wood
ashes), kitchen fires and organic refuse of various types.”

Bruno Glaser, Chemist
University of Bayreuh, Germany

===== Screenshot (128) =====
 


 

The Currency of Life

It doesn’t matter whether one is a devote of creationism
or a student of evolution - our immediate and mutual problem
is that the Earth, our planet, our environment is a limited finite
resource for the raw materials that are necessary for the basis
of all plant, animal and human life as we know it.

The sequence of events for the creation of all the
elements of the periodic chart and life on Earth is the same for
Biblical scholars, physicists, anthropologists, archeologists
and geologists - the only real difference in the thinking of
these groups is the time reference between events!

All living organisms procure their raw materials of
essential elements for reproduction, development, growth,
maintenance and longevity from a thin blanket of light, gas,
water and solid matter on or just above the Earth’s crust.

The Earth’s atmosphere, a standard mixture of inert
(nitrogen) and functional gases (oxygen), with the exception
of local or regional pollutants, is universally the same around
the Earth.

All water on Earth, our universal solvent and elixir
of life, with the exception of the diversity of minerals and
other elements in the aqueous solution or suspension, local or
regional pollutants, water itself is universally H,O.

Being found in the lowest crevices of the surface of the
earth, the largest bodies of water on earth are the seas and
oceans. The oceans are catch basins into which chemical and
mineral substances of every kind have been dumped by the
many moving forces in nature since the beginning of time.

Loose, transportable and soluble materials are either
moved directly and swiftly, or indirectly and by varying
degrees, downhill and downward into the sea. Particles
are lifted and transported by the irresistible forces of wind,

watercourse, and glaciers.


Highly soluble substances in soil are dissolved in
water and are transported to the sea where they accumulate.
In this way, “oceans have become a reservoir of accumulated
mineral wealth” which makes the mineral resources of the
land masses insignificant by comparison.

In contrast to the predictably and identical chemical
analysis of the atmosphere’s many gaseous elements and
the simple universal chemical analysis of water, the Earth’s
plethora of mineral elements found on the periodic chart,
are not distributed equally in the blanket over or in the
crust (soil or parent rock) of the Earth. Mineral elements are
found randomly in veins like chocolate in chocolate ripple
ice cream, or like gold and silver.

Theresult of this disproportionate distribution of mineral
elements in the crust of the Earth, there is in fact, a direct cause
and effect of what appears on the surface to the casual observer
to be a random pattern of the optimum location for plant (red
wood trees) and animal populations (kangaroos) on Earth just
as there is a disproportionate distribution of wealth.

Holy accounts of the formation of the Earth and the
organisms that populate the Earth that are accepted by
believers of the Jewish, the Kaleidoscope of Christian faiths
and the Muslim faiths are brief ,however, the details need not
be chronicled for the events to be in fact true any more than
the details not being required when grandma says, “I baked
you a dozen cookies” - you know she selected and ground the
organic whole wheat berries into flour, sifted the flour, added
filtered water, baking powder, salt, honey, yeast culture,
butter, chocolate chips and walnuts; she then dutifully blended
and mixed the basic elements into a cookie dough, she took
a spoonful of the now complete cookie dough and plopped it
onto a greased cookie sheet and baked them in the oven at 375
degrees F for 30 minutes into perfectly wonderful and chewy
chocolate chip-walnut holiday cookies - although grandma
never sat down and shared the details of her activities, we
inherently knew in fact she did them!

===== Screenshot (129) =====
 


The Biblical account of the Earth’s formation (Genesis)

goes like this:

“In the beginning God created the heaven and earth. And
the earth was without form, and void; and darkness was upon
the face of the deep. And the spirit of God moved upon the face
of the water. And God said, Let there be light, that it was good:
and God divided the light from the darkness. And God called the
light day, and the darkness He called night. And the evening
and the morning were the first day. And God said, Let there be a
firmament in the midst of the waters, and let it divide the waters
from the waters. And God made the firmament and divided the
‘waters which were under the firmament from the waters which
were above the firmament; and it was so. And God called the
firmament Heaven. And the evening and the morning were the
‘second day. And God said, Let the waters under the Heaven be
gathered together under one place, and let the dry land appear:
and it was so. And God called the dry land Earth; and the
gathering together of the waters called the seas: and God saw
it was good. And God said, Let the Earth bring forth grass, the
herb yielding seed, and the fruit tree yielding fruit after his kind,
whose seed is in itself, upon the Earth: and it was so.”

Like grandma’s cookies we don’t need to know the
intricate details of how it happened to appreciate the fact that
the Earth or the delicious steaming chocolate chip-walnut
cookies appeared miraculously before us to see, smell and
savor the result of the effort.

The only scientific chemical theory of the origin of
the Earth and its elements was crystallized in 1957 by E. M.
Burbridge. According to his theory, all of the Earth’s elements
can be built up electron by electron from hydrogen gas;
hydrogen atoms in space condense together by gravitational
attraction into clouds of gas, which ultimately condense into

stars and planets.
Burbridge’s theory of the origin of the stars and the


Earth, to say the least is complex, detailed and controversial;
some researchers support his theory of the condensation of
hot gases with the subsequent transmutation of one element
into another while others favor the theory of an accretion of
cold gases. :

The technique of radio-dating puts the Earth’s genesis
or “birth” at 4 to 5 billion years ago. Regardless of which
theory is believed (and it is not an all or nothing choice as the
biblical belief includes all elements of creation and formation),
biblical or the “big bang,” all must agree that the geochemical
fractionation of the Earth’s elements continues even today
although at an almost imperceptible snail’s pace and that the
Earth is still not in a geochemical equilibrium (i.e. - erosion,
earthquakes, tidal waves, volcanoes, etc.).

Radioactive dating is a powerful method of measuring
relative geologic time. It has been employed in the estimate
that the Earth is 4 to 5 billion years of age. However, even
with the radioactive-dating techniques the embryologic stages
of terrestrial development, including the accumulation of the
Earth’s great iron core and the genesis of the relatively light
and movable land masses, have remained obscure and elusive
because numerous events (i.e.- thermal and geochemical) that
can reset the “radioactive clock.”

As land masses float, migrate and relocate across the
Earth’s surface, the elements that reach the ocean’s floor
through erosion from land masses into creeks, streams and
rivers into the ocean floor sink and recycle into the hot interior
mantle and core; when land masses are forced into each other,
mountain ranges are born. Molten elements find their way
through the continental faults, frequently breaking through
the surface and reaching the crust’s surface as volcanic lava.

Three major segregations of the Earth’s elements can
easily be recognized; initially the primal Earth, heated by
the radioactive decay process separated into three onion-like
concentric layers:

We have limited indirect data on the Earth’s core and

===== Screenshot (130) =====
 

 


mantle, which in fact make up most of the Earth’s solid mass;
the Earth’s crust on the other hand has been systematically
and intimately probed, analyzed, gouged and extracted.

The Earth’s crust is cooled and solid, whereas the inner
layers of the mantle and core are in various states of molten
(magma) minerals which are on occasion ejaculated onto the
surface of the planet by volcanoes.

When the Earth’s crust was initially cooling it separated
into a series of minerals, crystallizing into igneous rocks in a
definite and systemic order, the by products being liquid water
and gaseous nitrogen which formed the great oceans and seas
and nitrogen that makes up the majority of our atmosphere.

Over time, wind and water erosion wear off the
mountain’s surface which produces a mineral-rich dust and
silt and sediment which are swept into valleys, forests, plains,
creeks, rivers, lakes and oceans where they eventually are
returned to the Earth’s mantle. Periodic floods historically
enriched the soils of flood plains and “bottom land” with life-giving mineral rich silt that accumulated over time to create
“soil.”

Soil, in its infinite number of forms is the last part
of the geological genesis puzzle - it is basically the product
of climate and the effects of living organisms on rocks; its
physical nature and chemical composition is determined by
the make up of the parent rock in a particular location and by
the natural forces attacking them.

As a rule of thumb, regions with similar climates have
like types of soils, but each type of soil has numerous variations
related to the underlying rock, topography or vegetation.

Soil structure is comprised of three distinct layers:

A) Humus or decomposed plant material - this is the
“organic” layer of the soil (“top soil”); usually the mineral
elements are rapidly lost by the leaching effects of water, rain,
irrigation, “mining” by plant growth (wild and cultivated)
and acid rain.


B) Sand and various accumulations of some of the
mineral elements leached from layer A.

C) The Subsoil, gravel and parent rock.

Soil is a dynamic “living” environment, an ecosystem
unto itself, the health of which we are dependent upon for our
own health and longevity. Frances Moore Lappe said it very
well, “If you eat, you're involved with agriculture.”

Coarse inorganic particles with a diameter greater
than 0.0002 cm contribute from 5 to 90% of the dry weight
of most soils and may be separated into gravel, sand and silt
depending upon particle size and character.

Colloidal inorganic particles have a diameter of less
than 0.0002 cm; they can be separated by mass or size in a
water column. Inorganic colloidal particles usually comprise
less than 10 to 80% of the dry weight of soils and are responsible
for a soils color, texture and ion-exchange properties.

The soil solution, or water held in soil capillaries, which
contains dissolved matter can be extracted by centrifugation
and may compromise as muchas 50% of healthy soil by weight.
The soil solution is important as a media for the propagation
of microorganisms and as an efficient medium for the rapid
growth of plant rootlets.

The soil atmosphere is comprised of various gasses
in equilibrium with the soil; it can be measured by use of a
vacuum pump and may constitute up to 50% of healthy soil
by volume.

The actual organic matter in soil is very difficult to
separate from its colloidal inorganic matter in the soil; it is
usually found as 1.0 to 50% of the dry weight of soil and rarely
up to 90%. Organic matter in the soil primarily originates
from plant debris and dead microorganisms (i.e.- bacteria and
fungi).

The living organisms in the soil are of infinitely greater
numbers and varieties than those species found on the surface

===== Screenshot (131) =====
 


of the soil. Soil organisms for the most part are unicellular,
however, worms can be important in excavating minerals
from sub soils and bring them to the Earth’s upper layers in
their manure or digestive “casts.” ;
Worms also carry plant debris (with their mineral
content) from the surface of the Earth into the humus layer
where microorganisms make up 0.1 to 0.2% of soil by weight.
Soil microorganisms, although small in percentage of
total weight of the soil are indispensable for soil formation,
soil health and for the regulation process of pH (acid balance),
nitrogen fixing (fertilization) and oxidation potentials.

From Dust to Dust

Our Earth is anemic! A potentially apocalyptic mixture
of mining, deforestation, intensive farming, irrigation and
acid rain has shifted, eroded or leached our life giving and
life-sustaining raw materials from the formerly mineral rich
crust of the Earth. ’

Unfortunately, we were given a finite amount of raw
materials (minerals) in the Earth’s crust and without daily
infusions of mineral rich meteors, volcanic eruptions (i.e. - Mt.
St. Helens, eastern Washington; Mt. Pinatubo, Philippines,
etc.), flooding with highly mineralized silt or “rock flour” or
“Glacial Milk”, dust (finely ground rock flour) or wood ash
(plant minerals) we are forced to make do with what we have
- a declining mineral reserve in the soil.

There are those who would propose to re-mineralize
mountain ranges, forests, farms and yes, whole continents to
get minerals into our crops and therefore into our human food
chain; but put into economic perspective these dreams and
proposals are not sustainable. To re-mineralize the Earth is
technologically possible, however, as a realistic economically


sustainable agricultural program, however, it is a non-starter.

To re-mineralize the Earth for one growing season we
would have to grind up the equivalent of Mauna Loa, the
colossal Hawaiian mountain, each year and redistributing the
resultant rock dust several times each year to coincide with
soil preparation and planting programs.

To comprehend the enormity of this task, one has to
appreciate that Mauna Loa is the most massive mountain
in the world and is also the largest volcano; Mauna Loa
rises 13,677 feet above the surface of the Pacific Ocean - an
additional 17,000 feet drops from the water’s surface to the
ocean floor making it technically taller (almost one mile taller)
than Mt. Everest.

Mauna Loa’s total mass is 100 times larger than that
of Mt. St. Helens in Washington State and the lava that forms
the massive dome could cover the land masses of the Earth
with four feet of additional mineral dust. The cost of such a
Herculean effort would result in your hamburger reaching an
eye-popping price of $275 per pound and corn $35 per ear - this
sticker shock would make $5 per gallon gasoline look cheap!

When 23 year old Charles Darwin sailed the H.M.S.
Beagle to the coast of South America in 1833, he recorded a
fine, red dust accumulating on his ship each day and correctly
deduced that the dust originated in West Africa.

This African dust in its westerly flight across the Pacific
Ocean travels all the way to the Amazon and the rainforests
where it is essential to annually replenish the rain leached
mineral poor soils of the rainforests.

Man has always realized the enormity of the great and
tireless power of the Earth’s winds for energy and travel, but
their importance to the biological vitality of the Earth and the
mineral value of our food is far beyond what we have ever
suspected!

There are many wind currents, east to west, that transport
great loads of mineral dust across predictable routes, “linking
ecosystems hundreds and even thousands of miles apart.”

===== Screenshot (132) =====
 


 

Billions of tons of mineral rich dust from the deserts
of Asia and Africa annually fertilize oceans and rainforests
halfway around the world.

Michael Garstang, professor of meteorology, at the
University of Virginia in Charlottesville says, “During the
violent Amazonian rainstorms, the particulates that originate
in African deserts are literally sucked out of the sky.”

Garstang and his colleagues calculate that 13,000,000
tons of African and dust enter the
Amazonian soils each season to enrich and fertilize the rain
leached and mineral depleted tropical soils!

The wind-borne African dust adds
critical minerals to help maintain and support the rainforest’s
survival and productivity.

“While the Amazon Basin teems with life the soil itself
lacks reserves of nutrients, especially phosphates, which spur
plant growth.

The historical record shows that the Amazon Rainforest
has periodically shrunk to a fraction of its present size, then
bounded back again, and the researchers now believe that it
expands and contracts as the supply of nourishing African dust
waxes and wanes with mirror changes in the Saharan Desert.”

Asian mineral-rich

essential and

The principal minerals found in the coarse inorganic
fraction of soil are directly related to those minerals present
in the local parent rock.

Minerals that are resistant to weathering (i.e.- quartz)
are especially abundant in soils while minerals that weather
quickly are rare or absent. It is therefore possible to calculate
the relative age or maturity of a soil covering igneous rocks
from its content of primary minerals (i.e. - feldspar, mica,
amphiboles and pyroxenes); these relatively soluble minerals
are common in young soil and less abundant in mature soils
and absent from senescent soils. Soils covering sandstone
often contain 90 to 99% quartz; those soils overlying limestone
are made up of as much as 80% calcium carbonate.

It is obvious that minerals are not equally distributed


ees?”

in soils. The scary part is that fields where our food crops are
grown do not contain a uniform blanket of minerals, if they
contain any nutritional minerals at all, they occur in veins
much like the chocolate swirls found in chocolate ripple ice
cream - at best depending solely on getting minerals from
food grown in soil is an extremely risky crap shoot!

Trace Elements

Trace elements are defined as those elements present
in soils in amounts of less than 0.1% by weight. Sixty percent
of all trace minerals are found in the coarse inorganic fraction

of the soil including Ba, Be, Co, Cr, Cu, Ga, La, Li, Mn, Mo, Ni,
Pb, Rb, Se, Sr, V, Y and Zr.

Rare Earths

The term, rare earths, refers to any of a large series of
very similar oxides of metals obtained from widely distributed
but relatively scarce minerals. The Rare Earth metals are
often divided into three groups, according to the method of
separating them:

1) the cerium metals

(lanthanum, cerium, praseodymium,
neodymium, illinium, samarium).

2) the terbium metals

(europium, gadolinium, terbium).

===== Screenshot (133) =====
3) the yttrium or ytterbium metals

(dysprosium, holmium, erbium, thulium,
yttrium, ytterbium, lutetium).

Bervllium, hafnium, scandium, thorium and zirconium
are also included as Rare Earths by some geochemists.

Rare Earths added to laboratory animal's diets as a
supplement to the well recognized major and trace minerals
have doubled the expected life span of several different
species. !
These Rare Earths, known to be so vital to animal
health and longevity (and most probably our human health
and longevity) are no longer found in our food supply in any
consistent or significantamounts - the only warranty toadequate
Rare Earth intake for we humans is daily supplementation!

Basic Soils

Basic soils tend to be rich in minerals whose ionic
radius is close to that of magnesium, i.e - Co, Cr, Cu, Fe, Mg,
Ni, Se, Ti, V and Zn.

Acid Soils

Acidic soils containing feldspar that have ionic radius’
close to silica, calcium or potassium, i.e. - Al, Ba, Ca, Cs, Hf,
K, La, Na, Nb, Pb, Rb, Sr, Ta, Tl, Y and Zr.

Limestone soils are rich in elements which form
insoluble carbonates, i.e. - Ba, Ca, Mg, Mn, Pb and Sr.

Colloidal inorganic particles are referred to as clay;

 


clay minerals are primarily aluminosilicates, many of which
swell in water and act as ion exchangers. The hydrous (water)
oxides of aluminum, iron and manganese are responsible for
the natural colors of most clays, i. e. - blue, gray, red, orange,
black; they also function as scavengers for phosphate and
some trace minerals and Rare Earths.

Manufactured Soil

A common denominator for all of the “old ones”
in the “Blue Zones” of the world is the fastidious attention
they devote to the soil that their vegetable gardens, orchards
and grains are grown in. In all instances this means the
daily injection of mineral nutrients (glacial milk, wood ash,
peat ash, rice straw ash, kelp ash, charcoal, etc.) and organic
soil conditioners (kitchen wastes, manure and agricultural
byproducts) into ancient growing sites that in some cases are
thousands of years old.

In many cases, the successful formula to their longevity,
supporting crops is a serendipitous mix of location, raw
materials available and political events.

Terra Mare & Terra Preta

Roman culture has been thoroughly investigated
and written about by cultural and anthropological scholars.
The enormous Roman contribution to European civilization
is obvious and agreed to by all who are familiar with the
languages that developed over almost half of the European
continent; the letters of the modern alphabet, the grand and
massive architecture of our governmental buildings, our

===== Screenshot (134) =====
 


practice and steadfast devotion to the letter of the law and
legal procedure, our republic style of governmental systems
of checks and balances and the legend of Rome as a world
state and the messenger and implementer of universal peace.

The Romans, themselves, first appear in history as
a people who were traders and farmers who settled on a
collection of low hills on the left bank of the Tiber River about
15 miles from its mouth.

The original settlement became a bustling trading
center, and by 753 B.C. it could be considered a small city-state governed by a king.

All of the romantic stories of Rome overshadowed the
fact that until well after Rome had ascended to the status of
a world class political power, Romans, were in fact simple
barbarians.

Even Pyrrhus, the Epirote, who encountered the
Romans almost 100 years after the time of Alexander the
Great, regarded them as barbarians and seemed surprised
that they employed what was an advanced form of tactical
thinking in regards to their military operations.

The Roman’s conquest of the Greek cities of southern Italy,
and their amazing and rapid expansion which established
their power over the eastern Mediterranean in the short space
of 50 years, surely was regarded by the “civilized populations”

of the region as a feat equal to a Gaulish invasion!

Culturally, Italy lagged behind the Aegean countries
throughout most of its history. The first Neolithic populations
of Italy came from the east, either in boats by sea or by
following and hugging the bountiful coastline, and were part
of the Mediterranean phalanx of the Neolithic colonization of
Europe.

The culture and practices of these original settlers
were relatively simple, and there were no significant cultural
advances after they set up house keeping in Italy.

The Neolithic period in Italy was also considerably
shorter than it was in northern Europe, as Italy provided a


considerable supply of mineral wealth, which attracted foreign
miners and salt traders. Merchants from the Aegean and Beaker
Folk from Spain had reached Italy by 1200 B.C., however, they
seemed to have had little influence on the local people. ;

By 1500 B.C., Bronze Age invaders occupied the Po
Valley. These people originated in central Europe (Hungary),
and are thought to have spoken an Indo-European language.
They constructed fortified villages by which they overpowered
and eventually absorbed the older Neolithic population. Their
villages were occupied for greater periods of time and were
characterized by mounds of a gray, greasy soil called terra
mare, which the Italian peasants constantly dug and spread
on their fields as fertilizer.

Terra mare was a mix of wood ash, charcoal and
organic compost consisting of manure, plant debris, kitchen
waste and the organic byproducts of daily living.

According to Peter Stahl, an anthropologist from
the State University of New York, Binghamton, many
investigators believe that, “what the ecoimagery would like
to picture as a pristine, untouched Urelt primeval world, in
fact has been managed by people for millennia.” The phrase
“built environment,” Erickson argued, “applies to most, if not
all, Neotropical landscapes.”

According to Wim Sombroek, author of Amazon Soils
(1966), “Every Ecology 101 student knows that Amazonian
soils are fragile and impoverished. If farmers cut down the
canopy of trees overhead to clear cropland, they expose the
earth to the pummeling rain and sun, which quickly wash
away its small store of minerals and nutrients and bake what
remains into something resembling brick - a ‘wet desert,’ as
these ruined areas are sometimes called.” The certainty of
destroying the land, environmentalists claim, makes large-scale corporate agriculture impossible in the rainforest. What
Sombroek observed was a big surprise - large patches of “terra
preta do indio (Indian black earth).

Amazonian Indians literally “created the ground

===== Screenshot (135) =====
 


beneath their feet.” According to Susana Hecht, a geographer
from the University of California, at Los Angeles, investigators
of upland Amazonia took most of their soil samples along
the regions modern highways, which indeed passed through
areas with lifeless soil. These original samplings gave a
skewed view of Amazonian soil nutritional values, however,
a few investigators found zones of something recognizably
different and considerably more fertile, “in part, because of
the original empty-Amazon model.”

Beginning a little more than 2,000 years ago, the central
and lower Amazon, were disrupted by violent cultural change.
Azawak-speaking peoples migrated into the area from the
south and west, sometimes apparently driving Tupi-speaking
groups north and east. Sedentary villages were established
and the production of terra preta appeared to begin in earnest
at the same time.

Terra preta exists in two forms: terra preta itself, a
black soil thick with fragments of pottery, and terra mulata,
a lighter dark brown soil with much less pottery. A number
of researchers believe that although Indians made both, they
deliberately created only the terra mulata.

Terra preta is blacker than the blackest coffee and the
man made soil is filled with fragmented and broken pre-Columbian pottery. According to Charles Mann, a National
Geographic reporter (2008), “It was as if the (Amazon) River's
firstinhabitants had throwna huge, rowdy fratparty, smashing
every plate in sight, (and) then buried the evidence.”

Terra preta was the soil created directly around homes
by charcoal (wood ash) kitchen fires and organic refuse of
various types. Just before the time of Christ (360 B.C.), the
central Amazon had numerous large settled villages when
and where terra preta manufacturing began.

Terra preta is rich in essential minerals, including
phosphorus, calcium, zine and manganese, whichare typically
missing in tropical soils.

Earlier inhabitants left no trace of terra preta; the new


ee ee
villages quickly developed thick deposits of “Indian black
earth.”

‘ Hecht, believed that, these fertile sites were originally
_Seen as anomalous and insignificant.” However, in the 1 990s,
investigators began studying these unusual sites of “terra preta
do Indio” - rich, fertile “Indian dark earth’ that anthropologists
are convinced were created by early humans. 3

Throughout Amazonia, farmer's prize terra preta for
its enormous power to stimulate productivity; some have
worked it for as many as 20 years with minimal need for
additional fertilizer. The ceramic fragments found in terra
preta indicate that the manufactured “soil” retained its
nutrients for a millennium.

Terra preta is sold in great quantities by merchants as
special growing “soil” for gardens. Woods has estimated that
manufactured terra preta might represent as much as 10% of
the total usable soil in the Amazon Basin, an area the size of
France! A recent, much more conservative, estimate is that
terra preta covers only 0.1 to 0.3% of the Amazon basin, a
few thousand square miles - a few thousand square miles of
manufactured farm land was sufficient to feed the millions of
people in the Mayan heartland!

Most large terra preta sites of manufactured soil are
found on the low bluffs at the edge of the floodplain. Typically,
they cover five to fifteen acres, however, some encom pass more
than seven hundred acres. The layer of manufactured black soil
is typically one to two feet deep, but can be as thick as six feet.

According to a study by Dirse Kern, of the Museu
Goeldi in Belem, terra preta is “not associated with a particular
soil type or environmental condition,” indicating clearly, that
it was not produced by natural events.

Another clue to the human origin of terra preta is
the broken ceramics with which it is usually mixed. “They
practiced agriculture here for centuries,” said Glaser. “But
instead of destroying the soil, they improved it, and that is
something we don’t know how to do today” in tropical soils.

===== Screenshot (136) =====
 


Typically, terra preta has more “plant-available”
phosphorus, calcium, sulfur, nitrogen and trace minerals than
is common in the rainforest; it also has much more organic
matter, better retains moisture and nutrients, and is not
rapidly exhausted by agricultural use when managed well.
[he key to terra preta’s long-term fertility, Glaser says, “is
charcoal (wood ash): terra preta contains up to 64 times more
of the wood ash than the surrounding red earth.”

Organic matter “sticks” or “adsorbs” to charcoal, rather
than being washed away or attaching to other non-available
compounds. “Over time, it partly oxidizes, which keeps
providing sites for nutrients to bind to.” But simply mixing
charcoal into the ground is not enough to create terra preta.

Glaser argues, “I ligh nutrient inputs - excrements and
waste such as turtle, fish and animal bones - are necessary.”
Special soil microorganisms are also likely to play a role in its
persistent fertility, in the view of Janice Thies, a soil ecologist,
who is part of a Cornell University team studying terra preta.
“There are indications that microbial biomass is higher in
terra preta than in other forest soils.”

Despite the presence of charcoal, terra preta is not
a byproduct of simple slash-and-burn agriculture. Slash-and-burn does not produce enough charcoal (wood ash) to
manufacture terra preta - the carbon mostly is released into
the air in the form of carbon dioxide, instead Indians appear
to have made terra preta by a process that Christoph Steiner,
a University of Bayreuh soil scientist, has dubbed “slash-and-char.” Instead of completely burning organic matter to ash,
ancient farmers burned it incompletely to make charcoal,

then, stirred the charcoal or wood ash back into the soil.

One must remember that pure“ woodash” isnot carbon,
but rather plant minerals as the carbon of the wood was burnt
or released as carbon dioxide into the atmostphere.

Indians, yet today, are still making terra preta in this
way, according to Hecht, the UCLA geographer. Hecht spent
years with the Kayapo’, in Central Amazonia, watching them


create “low biomass” fires “cool enough to walk through” of
pulled weeds, cooking wastes, crop debris, palm fronds and
termite mounds. Hecht wrote, “To live among the Kayapo, is
to live in a place where parts of the landscape smolder.” >

In an early test at recreating terra preta, Steiner
Wenceslau Teixeira of the Brazilian Agricultural Research
Enterprise, and Wolfgang Zech of the University of Bayreuh
applied a variety of treatments involving charcoal and
fertilizers for three years to rice and sorghum plots outside
Manaus. Inthe first year, there was littlerecognizable difference
amongst test and control plots (except that in the control plots
nothing grew). By the second year, Steiner declared, “the
charcoal really made a difference.” Plots with charcoal alone
grew little, but those treated with a combination of charcoal
and natural fertilizers yielded as much as an 880% increase in
yield than with fertilizer alone!

===== Screenshot (137) =====

Chapter 9

“The number of humans surviving to ‘old age’ (at
least double the age of reproductive maturity) quadrupled
at about 30,000 to 50,000 years ago - something equally
as dramatic as the taming of fire happened.”

Dr. Joel Wallach & Dr Ma Lan
HELL’S KITCHEN

“Man is also digging iron, tin, copper, zinc
and other minerals from the ground, making them into
automobiles, tin cans, buildings, and so on. Eventually
these are worn out, discarded, piled up in junk heaps, there
to rust, corrode, burn, dissolve, and wash away finally
to the sea. Vast quantities of materials are destroyed by
combustion as fuel, or for disposal of wastes. All of the

coal, most of the petroleum, and much of the products of

the forests are eventually consumed by fire. Their smoke
and dust go into the air, their ashes are leached out by
rain, the portable materials going to the sea.

D.C. Jarvis, M.D.
Folk Medicine

 


Human Aging: fire power

Fire is far older than man. In the beginning fire was
flung into the forests and grasslands by volcanic eruptions,
lightening strikes, spontaneous combustion ignited by the
friction of dry branches rubbing against each other and heat
generated by decomposing plant material.

These original untamed wildfires produced a mineral-rich plant ash on the crust of the earth that impregnated the
primitive “soil.” The process mixed and kneaded the ash, a
fine particle sized mineral rich nutrient mix, into the deep
accumulated organic mulch that had built up over the years,
decades, centuries and millennia.

The human is one of the most efficient converters of
the “solar income” found in food into mechanical work or
movement. Humans need only 50% of the calories required
by a horse to exert the same level of physical energy. Human
metabolism is very efficient!

Anthropologists theorize that our large brains are
the result of a constant stream of high protein, high fat food
supplies, “as we ate more meat our brain got larger and it
allowed us to figure out how to get more meat.”

Our larger and more functional brains allowed us to
develop other methods to tap into the seemingly endless
reserves of “solar income” trapped by plants - fire!

By burning plants that we couldn't eat, including trees
and underbrush, humans and their cultures quickly stretched
far beyond the creative limits and immediate needs of their
digestive system and their metabolic processes.

The ability to tame or kindle a fire at will catapulted
humans farther than our earthly competitors - humans controlled
fire, something that no other species would ever do!

Fire, as a tool, separated humans from other tool-using
animals - animals metabolically used the sun’s solar income

===== Screenshot (138) =====
 


by eating plants and other animals, they could use sticks,
rocks, fiber, mud and water - only man had fire! Man tamed
fire and employed it as a tool for many thousands of years
before he learned how to start and kindle fire at will.

Fire, the new technique of tapping into stored energy or
“solar income” protected us from the otherwise uninhabitable
frozen environment of the Ice Ages and allowed us to control
the temperature of our microenvironments or dwellings.
Humans were no longer controlled by the environment - we
had fire power!

Early human remains from nine individuals that were
discovered in an Ethiopian fossil cache were dated back to
43 million years ago. These prehistoric humans, Ardipithecus
ramidus, were surrounded by a collection of the oldest dated
stone tools. Plant and animal fossils identified at the same site
revealed that these very early humans lived and flourished in
a low lying woodland and grassland heavily populated with
monkeys, mole rats and wild cattle.

Anthropologist had long believed that primitive man
“tamed” fire some 500,000 years ago; however, a recent study
of burnt antelope bones from caves in Swartkrans, South
Africa, show that early man, Australopithicus robustus and
Homo erectus, had built camp fires and had cooked meat on
these fires about 1.5 million years ago - about one million
years earlier than had been previously thought.

The cooked antelope bones were discovered and
described in 1988 by Bob Brain, a South African paleontologist
from the University of Cape Town. Brain originally theorized
the bones had been cooked by humans because the degree of
charring indicated temperatures of more than 1,100 degrees
F - heat levels that could have only be achieved by a human
campfire as heat produced by a grass fire does not exceed 700
degrees F.

Many technologically ignorant humans, including
Homo erectus (Java Man some 250,000 years ago), found that
starting fire from raw cold fuel was a difficult and frustrating


job. Early on, when fire was originally “captured,” it was fed
and maintained for as long as possible, an ancient technique
which is still practiced in many areas of the world today.

Fire can easily be maintained and transported by the use
of wet wood, lichens, dry fennel stalks, etc. In some cultures
hearth fires are maintained for generation after generation
oftentimes for the life of the dwelling. ,
The first evidence we have for fire starting by humans
is associated with the early Paleolithic Period of Europe
approximately dated at 25,000 to 30,000 B.C. Flints in the
classic “strike-a-light” hand held shape and chunks of iron
pyrite were discovered together in charcoal fire beds.

Iron pyrite (fool’s gold) is only found in very few
places on earth, therefore most early fire starting methods fall
into the category of the fire drill (a bow used to spin an arrow
shaft that is inserted into a baseboard), fire saw and fire plow
(a pointed stick that is rapidly pushed back and forth in a
groove created in a log or board). Humans eventually learned
that they could start fire at will with less work by generating
sparks that were directed into fine dry grass “tinder.”

With fire, humans were able to smelt metal, make
tools, “fire” pottery, bake bricks, produce weapons, keep
themselves warm, cook and eat food that was otherwise
inedible (grains), keep predatory animals at bay, destroy
our enemies, develop specialties and unwittingly, we
humans, with the wood ash (plant mineral) by-product that
was generated by fire, produced the mineral fertilizer and
mineral supplements (“culinary” ashes), that would nurture
and sustain we humans for thousands of years to come!

Early humans who had not yet learned to put their
wood ashes from their heating and cooking fires into primitive
gardens lived a life that was short, hard, miserable, filthy,
fearful, brutish and violent. They were often on the verge of
starvation.

They subsisted primarily in family units or family
bands. During their waking day, they were driven by an

===== Screenshot (139) =====
 

N
Jt
Nm


eternal, internal, intrinsic and relentless salt and mineral
hunger (pica) as were all living creatures. The hunger for
salt and minerals didn’t begin with the appearance of potato
chips, these behaviors began with the appearance of the first
animals and the first humans.

One isolated group of tiny people, dubbed the “Hobbit,”
Homo floresiensis, existed on the Indonesian island of Flores,
370 miles east of Java. They were the size of a Homo sapiens
pygmy or midget only three feet tall with the body of a three
vear old, however, their brain was smaller than a grapefruit
~ a small human with a brain that was smaller than the brain
of a chimpanzee.

There is some evidence that these tiny, tribal and
carnivorous humans accepted gourds filled with food that the
modern human Floresians offered to them, until the 1500s,
when Dutch traders arrived.

The “Hobbit” were clever enough to employ fire, make
tools (points, blades, awls and tiny barbs) and hunt - cooking
fire charred bones of the Stegodon (dwarf elephant), Komodo
Dragon (dinosaur), a wide variety of rodents and other animal
species were collected from garbage dumps.

Early skeletons of the south Pacific “Hobbit” were
dated as far back as 95,000 years ago, the more recent ones
were dated at 13,000 - 18,000 years; however, the primitive
“Hobbit” crafted stone tools dating back to 800,000 B.C.

The island of Flores was populated by hoards of an
extinct dwarf elephant ((Stegodon), monster rats and giant
lizards (including the Komodo Dragon), all of which were the
primary food of the “I lobbit.”

There is no evidence that the “Hobbit” learned to use
the ashes from their heating and cooking fires to put in their
food, salt or gardens - they disappeared leaving only a small
fossil record. Only six skeletons have been found, suggesting
the Hobbit skeletons were minerally poor and their skeletons
simply didn’t survive the ravages of the millennia.

The small stature of the Hobbit demonstrates very


clearly that humans, like other life forms are not exempt from
natural laws, in this case the “island rule.” The island rule
states that “a combination of selective forces - geographic
and temporal isolation, scarce resources and the absence of
predators - will occasionally result in the development of giant
and dwarf species.” The Hobbit simply followed the same
historical course as the isolated desert Bushman of Southern
Africa.

‘ Humans were territorial, they hunted and gathered
in naturally productive and fruitful areas that had large
quantities of small game, edible insects, their favorite plants
and either salt or clay deposits for a source of minerals, a
virtual Garden of Eden. There were endless fights and mini-wars between competing family bands and tribes over access
to these flora and fauna rich Edens.

Their offspring had a very low survival rate, and those
that did survive were often deformed with congenital birth
defects (Down's Syndrome, heart defects, cleft palate, cleft
lip, spina bifida, muscular dystrophy, clubbed hands and feet,
etc.) caused by pervasive maternal nutritional deficiencies.

Injuries took their toll; fractures healed all askew or
didn’t heal at all, leaving the victim to remain deformed and
dependant upon the good graces and surpluses of the rest
of the band. If the injuries were catastrophic, the victim was
oftentimes eaten by his fellows. Revered relatives were often
eaten when they died so as to acquire and perpetuate their
spirit (mortuary cannibalism).

On the other hand, those humans who learned to put
wood, peat or kelp ashes from their heating and cooking fires
into their food and primitive gardens, were taller, their bones
stronger, they were more fertile, had lower rates of infant
mortality and they lived longer!

Harder mineralized skeletons resulted in their
bones surviving the ravages of rodents and scavengers,
decomposition and various destructive forces of the millennia

- full skeletons were now surviving into the 21st century.

===== Screenshot (140) =====
 


 

Between 200,000 and 40,000 years ago, Neanderthals
dominated the landscape of western Asia and Europe.
Archeologists and anthropologists have found over 10,000
complete skeletons of these ancient peoples. They were the
first humans to bury their dead and care for their sick and
infirm. Their stone tools, however, were still crude and lacked
the standard shapes that would indicate that they were
designed for a specific function.

African fossilized skeletons from 100,000 years ago
had more modern skeletal features (humans continued to put
the ash byproduct of heating and cooking fires into their food
and gardens) than did their Neanderthal counterparts - they
did, however, make the same crude stone tools.

The bone evidence of their food prey indicated that
their hunting skills were minimal and they only killed and
ate small safely killed animals, including rats and rabbits.
They had not yet reached the capability of killing pigs, buffalo
and larger more dangerous species such as the elephant
(mastodon, mammoth and the dwarf Stegodon). They could
not yet catch fish - their living sites on the sea coasts and lake
shores are devoid of fish hooks and fish bones.

Human developmental history (including physical
emotional, spiritual and creative) appears to have found
its footing, took hold and “gained traction” about 50,000
years ago marking a time that Dr. Jared Diamond calls the
“Great Leap Forward.” The first real signals of this human
leap forward include an increase in height and the universal
appearance of standardized tools and jewelry.


 

Chapter 7

“How readily we manipulate our soil. We
rearrange and restructure it. We pump it full of chemicals
we flood it, we drain it. On it’s health the fate of empires
has rested. Yet we avoid it. In our cities, rivers of concrete
keep us from its touch. Naked it tends to offend the eye.
But a close look reveals that the soil is an essential bridge
between the rock below and the life above. It is dynamic
and vital, and far too easily - and frequently abused.”

Boyd Gibbons
National Geographic

“Living organisms procure their raw materials of
essential elements for reproduction, development, growth
and maintenance and for longevity from a thin blanket of
matter and gas on or just above the Earth’s crust.”

Dr. Joel D. Wallach & Dr. Ma Lan
RARE EARTH'‘S: forbidden cures

===== Screenshot (141) =====
 


Our Food is Anemic

Marked human development occurred about 50,000
years ago in southwestern Europe, where numerous artifacts
are associated with the skeletons of Cro-Magnons. Soon
after, the garbage dumps unearthed at archeological sites
become more and more complex, pointing to biologically and
behaviorally modern humans.

Cro-Magnon garbage heaps yielded stone tools, bone
tools, and bone fish hooks. Tools were produced in diverse
and distinctive shapes so modern that their functions as
needles, awls and engraving tools are straight forward and
easily identified. Tools became more complex, moving beyond
simple hand held scrapers to multi-piece tools (stone axes)
and weapons such as harpoons, spear throwers and bows and
arrows.

These new weapons allowed the human hunter to
kill larger and more dangerous game from a safe distance.
The creation of ropes and thread for nets, twine and string
permitted the invention of nets, lines and snares which
allowed for the addition of small mammals, fish and birds
to our human diet, which then promoted the expansion of
human habitable territories.

Rubble fromhousesand scraps fromsewnclothing point
to an improved capacity to survive freezing environments.
Modern jewelry and tenderly buried skeletons showed a new
aesthetic and spiritual progression for humans - humans were
now talking to God!

Of all the Cro-Magnon creations that have been
preserved, the most remarkable is their artwork, including their
famous cave paintings, statues and musical instruments.

The impact of the life-sized painted bulls and horses
in the Lascaux Cave of southwestern France or the rhino, lion,
horses, mammoth, panther, owl, bear and buffalo paintings of

the limestone Chauvet grotto in southern France on a visitor
is dramatic - you realize these ancient people were modern,
not only in their skeletons but also in their abstract minds!

The last Chauvet artist produced a painting between
24,000 and 32,000 years ago. The artists work was “signed”
with a negative print of his hand, which was produced by
blowing red ochre onto a non-arthritic hand that was held
palm down against the cave wall. Other artists also signed
their work with a positive print of their hand by putting the
ochre on their hand and then placing their palm print on their
painting.

No human bones have been found in either of the
caves, however, the Chauvet grotto has been a treasure trove
of bones from 14 different animal species including rodents,
reptiles, birds and bears. The bear bones dominate - they have
recovered 3,700 of them.

It is important to note that there were no grains or
fruit seeds found in the caves, clearly indicating that the Cro-Magnon artists were primarily hunters and carnivores and
that hunting dominated their lives.

At 40,000 years ago, Cro-Magnons “moved into the
neighborhood” of Europe with their modern skeletons
(signaling the use of the ash by-product of their heating
and cooking fires as a supplement mixed with salt to extend
and cut the more valued salt and directly into their food as
“culinary ash”), tools and more clever weapons.

Classical anthropologists believe that the Cro-Magnons
used their advanced technology and superior weapons to
kill, infect or displace the Neanderthals - a theorized event
that left little or nothing behind in the form of evidence of
hybridization between the Neanderthals and Cro-Magnons
or a straight forward and ruthless genocide.

We don’t believe the Cro-Magnons fought, captured,
enslaved or slaughtered the Neanderthals, because they
would have eaten them and left their charred, cracked and
scraped bones in their garbage heaps with the rest of the

===== Screenshot (142) =====
 


 

debris of hunting, butchering and cooking. They would have
created art work that depicted the great heroic battles, heroes,
the slain Neanderthals and victories.

We believe the Neanderthals just failed to learn and
employ a basic surviv al technique that the Cro- Magnons had
learned, which caused them to be “edged out” in a similar
fashion as the prehistoric Bushmen allowed themselves to be

“edged out” of the isolated and idyllic Cape of South Africa
and chased into the Kalahari Desert by the more advanced
gun toting Dutch explorers from the Dute h East Indies Tea
Company in 1462; and in a similar fashion as the island of

Flores “Hobbit” allowed themselves to be “edged out” by the
16th century Dutch.
Neanderthals were primarily hunters and_ they

developed the nutritional deficiencies of pure carnivores who
had failed to develop the habit of using wood, peat or kelp ashes
to mix with salt and season food and/or failed to put the ashes
into their primitive or crude “gardens.” One bad hunting year
or a drought covering several years could have significantly
diminished their numbers or totally wiped them out.

The number of humans surviving to “old age” (at least
double the age of reproductive maturity) quadrupled at about
30,000 years ago - something equally as dramatic as the taming
of fire happe ned here which we will cover in due course.

Anthropologists looked at 750 fossilized dental and jaw
fragments of early humans spanning over millions of years,
from the Australopithecines to Neanderthals and early modern
humans. Old age was defined as at least double the age which
reproductive maturity was reached, which is also the point
when the third molars usually erupt in the teen years.

In calculating the old-to-young hominids,
Rachel Caspari of the University of Mic higan, at Ann Arbor
and Sang-Hee Lee of the University of California, at Riverside
found a trend of increased longevity across the human family.
With “modern” adults finally outnumbered
younger ones for the first time at the 30,000 year mark.

ratio of

humans, older


The leap in longevity is thought to have been critical to
the development of modern human culture, as elders passed
down knowledge and helped to weld together complex
societies.

This “hand-me-down’” knowledge, included, how to
cook and preserve meat, how to use wood ashes to extend
and cut what they perceived as the more valuable salt with
wood ashes and to employ the use of “culinary” ashes in the
preparation of certain foods and the value of putting wood
ash into their primitive gardens.

The results and benefits of incorporating wood
ashes (plant minerals) into their food, either directly as salt
extenders, or “culinary ashes” or indirectly as a garden
fertilizer produced stronger, taller, healthier, more fertile,
more creative and longer liver humans - we had not yet left
the main road and humans were in fact accumulating good
habits, becoming healthier, more fertile, living longer and
honing better survival skills.

===== Screenshot (143) =====

Chapter 8

“Aetios, noted pregnant women to crave various
and odd foods, some salty and some acid; some, he said,

‘crave for sand, oyster shells and wood ashes.

Dr. Joel D. Wallach & Dr. Ma Lan
RARE EARTHS: forbidden cures

“In humans and animals alike, the body definitely
wants potassium and if necessary will go to great lengths
to get it. Take children for an example. It does not always
please mothers when children eat dirt, but perhaps that
is because they do not realize that instinctively children

find the potassium needed for their bodily growth in the

dirt.”

Dr. D.C. Jarvis, M.D.
Folk Medicine

 


 

Pica, Salt Hunger, and Basic Drive

The universal human drive to survive was overtly and
gainfully occupied by a search for salt and minerals. Killing
and eating small animals and insects almost daily and eating
the occasional and highly seasonal plant foods (grass seeds,
etc.) were just a means to the end.

“Food” as we think of it (meat, fish, birds, insects,
cheese, seeds, nuts, fruit, etc.) kept man alive while he was
searching for the more critical salt and minerals.

“Pica” is a term that describes a seeking, a craving
behavior dominated by licking and chewing frenzies, that
have their genesis in mineral deficiencies - interesting
enough neither vitamin deficiencies, protein deficiencies
or calorie deficiency initiates this “pica” behavior, nor will
supplementing vitamins or eating sugar, carbohydrate, fat or
protein quench it!

Historically, the consumption of salt to satisfy a pica
behavior was of value because salt was not processed and did
often times contain trace minerals and rare earths.

Today, salt consumption, although contrary to popular
belief, is notin and of itself harmful; it does present the problem
of allowing our bodies to think we are getting minerals (the
equivalent of the “empty calorie diets,” i.e. - processed food
calories without vitamins).

Farmers and husbandrymen use the salt hunger of
animals to ensure the consumption of trace minerals by
incorporating trace minerals into salt blocks containing 85%
salt - anything less than 85% sodium chloride in a salt block
will be ignored by the animals even if they have major mineral
deficiencies!

“Cribbing” is a name given to a particular form of
pica in domestic animals. A good husbandryman knows
when a horse or cow “cribs” (chews or gnaws on a corn

===== Screenshot (144) =====
 

ee

crib, wooden feed box, fence, stall rail, hitching post or barn
door), the animal really has a craving for minerals. Mineral
starved animals, when first presented with minerals, will at
first eat large amounts of supplemental minerals until they
are satisfied, then they will automatically reduce their level of
consumption to a maintenance level.

“Salt appetite” is very striking in both pregnant animals
and pregnant humans. Bizarre cravings are legendary in the
pregnant human. From antiquity, the description of cravings
or “pica” in humans records its major incidence to pregnant
women. The Hawaiian King Kamehameha’s mother, Queen
Kekuiapoiwa had cravings for eyeballs, althoughshe specifically
wanted chief's eyes, she was given the eyes of sharks to eat.

We have seen a hundred pregnant sheep in Montana
lined up along anembankment eating clay. This is a form of pica
known as “geophagia.” Earth eating, or geophagia, is a very
common behavior in minerally deficient pregnant women.

Pica, or perverted appetite or irresistible cravings with
the eating of bizarre or unsuitable nonfood substances (or
fattening nonfoods or snack foods) has been a curiosity for
philosophers, doctors and priests for thousands of years.

Pica as a symptom of mineral deficiencies is universal
in the world and has been reported in animals and humans of
all age groups. In modern times the easy availability of candy,
sugared-high calorie snacks, soft drinks and junk foods has
led to obesity when people feel the deep cravings of pica.

A doctoral thesis on pica by Agustus Fridericus
Mergiletus (1701) begins with the definition of pica: “The
malady pica is called “kitta” in Greek. Its derivation comes
from the name of the common magpie because the bird (“ pica”
is the Latin Name for “magpie” ) itself is believed to suffer from
some malady ....because it flits from tree to tree constantly
seeking food or because it enjoys all sorts of foods.”

A catalogue of bizarre instances of pica is found in
Mergiletus’ thesis. In men, he recorded one individual who
ate leather, wood, nestlings, live mice; a second consumed


 

woolen garments, leather, a live cat, and some mice; a third
ate cats’ tails and decomposed human bodies with maggots!

In Mergiletus’ female subjects, he recorded women
who ate human flesh including one particularly horrible lady
- “she lured children with sweets, killed them and pickled
them for her daily fare (sounds like a female version of Jeffrey
Dahmer). The murders were only discovered when the
women’s cat stole a pickled hand of a child and carried it over
to the neighbor's house.”

The most common description of pica by Mergiletus
were of women’s desire for mud and mortar scrapped from
the walls (just like modern children who eat caulking and lead
paint - we have often said that children who eat lead paint are
screaming for minerals for their mineral starved bodies - give
them minerals and they won’t eat lead paint); girls who ate
their own hair; girls who ate cotton, thread from their own
clothes, raw grain and lizards.

Mergiletus also described pica in animals including
cats that ate wood ash and pregnant hunting dogs that ate
unusual objects.

Cooper (1957), inher classic report on pica, refers to several
ancient and medieval writers who emphasized the occurrence
of pica in pregnant women, i.e. - Aetios noted pregnant women
to crave various odd foods, some salty and some acid; some
he said “crave for sand, oyster shells and wood ashes.” Aetios
recommended a diet including “fruits, green vegetables, pig’s
feet, fresh fish and old tawny fragrant wine.”

Boezo (1638) noted that pica occurred most often in
pregnant women. Boezo saw pica as a physiological problem,
and is the first to mention iron preparations as a treatment for
pica - he suggested, “one and one half scruples of iron dross taken
for many days as wonderfully beneficial for men and women.”

Boezo also noted, “The case of a virgin who was
accustomed to devour salt in great quantities from which
chronic behavior she developed diarrhea and wasting
(Addison’s disease?).”

===== Screenshot (145) =====
 


 

Christiani of Frankfurt (1691) reported a woman who
ate 1400 salt herrings during her pregnancy. LeConte (1846)
suggested that animals eating earth do so because of “ want of
inorganic elements.”

In modern times, the substances frequently reported as
eaten as a result of pica behavior in humans includes paper,
metallic gum wrappers, ice, dirt, coal, clay, corn starch, chalk,
baking powder, pebbles, wood, wood ashes, plaster, paint,
chimney soot, hair, human and animal feces (kitty litter box)
and cloth.

Because of social constraints on our public behavior,
most people under public scrutiny who display pica eat
sugar, salt, snack food, soft drinks when they crave minerals
- many minerally deficient individuals smoke, drink alcohol
or use street (or prescription) drugs in an attempt to satisfy a
nagging underlying craving.

Ice eating (pagophagia) is also common, especially for
obese iron deficient children and adults.

Worms have been reported as a cause of pica -
ankylostomiasis, ascariasis, oxyuriasis and others have been
blamed. Parasites of course can cause anemia and malnutrition
by direct blood sucking from the host or by competing for
food in the gut. The resulting anemia is in fact perceived by
the body as an iron deficiency resulting in pica.

Pica is more frequently seen in the poor and the obese;
however, David Livingston observed that “both slaves and
the gentry developed pica in Africa.” In Africa, pica is viewed
by tribal peoples as a magical superstitious behavior.

Henrock (1831) attributed pica to “paucity of good
blood and lack of proper nutrition.” Waller (1874) reported that
David Livingston observed many cases of clay and earth eating
(geophagia), a frequent form of pica in pregnant women.

Orr and Gilka (1931) and de Castro (1952) recognized
that “edible Earths might be rich in sodium, iron and
calcium.” Gelford (1945) reported that pica was common in
Kenya amongst African tribes (Kikuyu) living mainly on a


 

vegetarian diet; but absent in those people eating diets rich in
animal flesh, blood and bones (Massai).

Richter (1955) reported Kirkam and Birch’s analysis of
20 samples of edible clay from Africa:

 

Clay Minerals Percent
Silica 47.76
Aluminum oxide 22.03
Sodium oxide 4.87
Potassium oxide 2.88
Iron oxide 4.98
Manganese oxide 0.32
Calcium oxide 2.97
Magnesium oxide 1.08
Phosphorous pentoxide 0.13

Dickens and Ford reported that 25% of all children ate
earth. Cooper (1957) reported a 21% rate of pica in American
children referred to the Mother’s Advisory Service in
Baltimore.

Lanzkowsky (1959) reported that 12 children with pica
had a hemoglobin that ranged from 3 g% to 10.9 g% with a
mean of 7.89% =/- 2.64. The institution of iron (i.m. - iron
dextran) “resulted in a cure for pica in one to two weeks.”
Again, if children have sufficient nutritional minerals they will
not eat lead paint - they only eat lead paint because of pica.

McDonald and Marshall (1964) reported on 25 children
who ate sand. They divided the group in half; they gave one
group iron and the other group saline (salt solution). After
three to four months 11 of the 13 children given iron had lost
their pica behavior compared with only 3 of the 12 in the
saline group.

===== Screenshot (146) =====
 


Reynolds et al (1968) reported that 38 people with
anemia exhibited pagophagia (ice eating) as the most common
form of pica; twenty two of 25 had their symptoms of pica
disappear after correcting the iron depletion.

Woods and Weisinger (970) reproduced pagophagia
experimentally in rats by withdrawing blood. The pagophagia
in the anemic rats was cured when the anemia was cured. It
is of interest to note that pica or cribbing behaviors are not
produced by vitamin deficiencies!

Two thirds of the 153 pregnant women studied by
Taggart (1961) developed cravings. The most common craving
was for fruit, pickles, blood pudding, licorice, potato chips,
cheese and kippers; a craving for sweets, vegetables, nuts and
sweet pickles came in second place.

Charles Mann (2008) reported that to satisfy pica, a
traditional dietary supplement used by pregnant Haitian
women takes the form of gray clay pigeon-like “cakes” made
of clay, salt and lard.

; Phosphate appetite was described by LeVaillant (1796)
as the anxious search by cattle in phosphate deficient South
African pastures for discarded dog bones (osteophagia); they
also chewed on wood (pica) and each others horns.

Bone chewing (osteophagia, a form of pica) has been
reported in many wild species of herbivores including reindeer,
caribou, red deer, camels, giraffe, elephant and wildebeest.

We have seen elephant eating bones, limestone
roadbeds and large termite heaps as ready and available
mineral supplements. A search for calcium rich edible clays
and soils and territorial disputes over limited supplies led to
wars in tribal Africa.

It was demonstrated that calcium deficient weanling
rats will consume large amounts of a lead acetate solution
(even though the solution tastes bad) when compared with
calcium fed controls. The Oriental diet is extremely low in
calcium leading them to habitually and preferentially eat
bones (when Dr. Ma Lan and I were courting, she ate the bones


 

and gave me the fillets of the fish that we caught) softened
and partially leached of calcium with vinegar.

There is no evidence of a specific pica behavior unique
to a magnesium deficiency. Magnesium deficient animals will
crave and eat common salt. Magnesium tastes bad enough that
animals will die of magnesium deficiency initiated seizures
rather than consume a pure magnesium supplement. It has
been suggested that recovery from a magnesium deficiency
can be a very unpleasant process, enough so that the bad taste
of magnesium supplements normally required for recovery
exceeds the unpleasant features of the deficiency! :

A natural potassium deficiency is highly unlikely as
all grains, fruits and vegetables tend to be rich in potassium
- a potassium deficiency can, however, be common in those
individuals taking diuretics for high blood pressure or weight
loss.

Potassium deficient rats are hyper alert and _ lick
everything including their metal cage, lab equipment, each
other and urine puddles. It is of interest to note, that even
with a severe potassium deficiency, laboratory rats have a
strong craving for sodium chloride (salt)!

Chromium and vanadium deficiencies are manifested
by an intense thirst for liquid (high fructose corn syrup laden
soft drinks being the usual first choice and water the last for
minerally deficient humans) and hunger for carbohydrates
(i.e. - soft drinks, coffee and tea with added sugar, alcohol,
pasta, deserts, bread, etc.).

The “munchies,” cravings for alcohol and “candy
cravings” (especially chocolate) are sure signs of chromium
and vanadium deficiencies.

The preteen and teen age infatuation with snack foods,
drugs, tobacco and alcohol appear to be the result of pica
- because they are so minerally deficient they are seeking
something, anything to put in their mouth that will satisfy an
irresistible craving for minerals.

===== Screenshot (147) =====
 


 

Chapter 9

“To the Printer of the London
Chronicle”:

SIR, I have often heard it remarked, that our Colonies in North
America were unhealthy and unfavourable to long life; and
more particularly so upon their first settlement. In opposition
to this groundless notion, I here send you two paragraphs
taken from the Pennsylvania Gazette of July 16, and the New-York Gazette of August 27, giving an account of the deaths of
the first-born of the city of Philadelphia, and the province of

Pennsylvania:

PHILADELPHIA, July 16. “At Kennet, in Chester county, the
5th instant, died John Key, in the 85th year of his age, and
the next day was interred in the burial place belonging to the
people called Quakers, in that township, attended by a large
number of reputable people, his neighbours and acquaintance.
He was born in a cave, long afterwards known by the name
of Penny-Pot, near Race-street; and William Penn, our first
proprietor, gave him a lot of ground, as a compliment on his
being the first child born in this city. -- In the early part of
his life his conversation was very engaging, and his company
much sought after by those of his ownage; in his decline he was
much esteemed for his peaceful disposition. His constitution
was very healthy till about 80, when he was seized with the
palsy, and continued weakly till his death. --About six years
ago he walked on foot from Kennet to Philadelphia in one

ee

day, which is near 30 miles. --It has been said that people in
this province are short-lived; but when we consider how few
children were born here 75 years ago, and observe how many
old people there are still alive among us (who were born
here) we shall rather think no quarter of the world can shew
a greater number of aged persons than this province can, in
proportion to the children born.”

PHILADELPHIA, Aug 24. On the 10th instant, at Brandywine
Hundred, in New-Castle county, died Emanuel Grubb, in
the 86th year of his age, and the next day was interred in St.
Martin’s church-yard, at Lower-Cichester, in Chester county,
attended by a large number of his relations, neighbours, and
acquaintance. -- He was born in a cave, by the side of the
Delaware River, not far distant from where he always lived,
and died, and was the first child born of English parents in this
province. His constitution was remarkably healthy during his
whole life, having never been afflicted with any sickness till
a few days before his death. His strength and activity were
surprising ina man of his age; he could mount and ride a horse
with as much dexterity as a lad of 20. -- A few months ago, he
rode from his own house to this city, and back again, which is
upwards of 40 miles. -- His memory was equally surprising,
and not in the least impaired, til his death; he could remember
transactions of a late date equally well with those which
happened in his younger days. He was exceeding temperate
in his living, seldom making use of spirituous liquors; and for
his peaceable and friendly disposition, was highly esteemed
by all who knew him. This instance, among many, is a proof
of the longevity of people born here.

It is worthy of observation also, that Governor
Hutchinson, in his valuable History of the Massachusett’s
Bay, Vol. II. Pp. 148 and 216, says,

“July 20, 1704, died at Marshfield, Peregrine White, aged 83
years and eight months, the first-born in Plymouth colony.”

===== Screenshot (148) =====
 


 

“Tan. 14, 1716, died at Salem, Elizabeth Patch, the first-born
female in the old colony of Massachusett’s Bay, so that she
must have lived 86 or 87 years; and April 14, following, died
at Newport, in Rhode-Island, Mary Godfrey, aged 87, being
the first child born there. -- The longevity of the first-born in
each of the three colonies, is worth noting.”

As a well-wisher to mankind in general, I thought it worth
while to send this to your useful paper, in order to allay the
apprehensions of those, whose inclinations, business, or
necessities may induce them to settle in that part of the British
Empire. | must add at the same time, that I have myself lately
traveled over the greater part of that extensive continent; and
can with truth say, in spite of all that hath been boldly and
positively asserted to the contrary, that | could not discover
among the whole people, one grain of disaffection to their
brethren in Britain, nor did I meet with a single person who
had ever formed the most distant idea of throwing off their
allegiance to the mother country. This it is doing them but bare
justice to declare; and is all the return I can at present make
them for the kindness and hospitality with which, purely on
account of my being an Old England-Man, I was universally
treated. I am, Sir, your constant reader, F +S.

The London Chronicle, December 15, 1767

Benjamin Franklin


 

The Energy Crisis

It was a manmade ecological shift and the resultant
Industrial Revolution that interrupted the historically
successful renewable system for obtaining plant minerals
that had been developed and had met the needs of human
populations for millennia.

In 1268 Norman castles and great manors of noblemen
had chimneys to draw the wood and coal smoke up and out
of the fireplace, it would be another 200 years before this
inefficient luxury was installed in the humble houses of the
common people.

The heating and cooking fire of the commoner filled a
hole in the middle of the floor or sat on a raised stone hearth
in the middle of the main room to avoid setting the wooden
walls on fire. The fire produced smoke which filled the room
until it seeped through the gaps in the walls or roof - the dusty
ash byproduct of the fuel’s combustion were collected and
taken out each morning, mixed with salt (3:1 to 10:1) to cut
and conserve the precious salt, used as “culinary” ashes for
the baking of grain dishes and the balance was tossed outside
as kitchen waste, added to the compost pile or mixed directly
into the garden.

From an indoor air quality standpoint, the majority of
Englishmen had not advanced much beyond the conditions
suffered by Homo erectus, who, over hundreds of thousands of
years earlier, had huddled over open wood fires inside large
huts constructed of sticks and branches.

The 13th century Englishmen were still getting their
daily supply of minerals, either directly (wood ashes mixed
with salt or mixed directly in their food), or indirectly, by
placing the wood ashes into their gardens. Beginning in 1285,
during the reign of Edward I, various commissions were
established in London to address the problem of coal smoke,

===== Screenshot (149) =====
 


which early environmentalists complained, “had infected and
corrupted” the air.

During the summer of 1306, bishops, barons and
knights from all over England ventured from their country
estates and manors and traveled to London town. They arrived
to take part in a new political experiment called parliament.
When they arrived in London they were met with an awful
odor - fumes and smoke from burning coal. Blacksmiths and
other tradesmen had begun burning coal in place of wood,
filling London’s air with sooty smelly smoke.

By the summer of 1306 enough coal was being burned by
blacksmiths, brewers (20,000 wagon loads of wood were used
each year to distill beer and whisky), and other industries that
required large quantities of fuel, that there was an organized
resistance against the practice, which led to a royal ban of coal
use in the city limits of London and other cities.

Despite new laws threatening steep fines and the
destruction of furnaces, coal use continued to increase. Some
sources reported that one transgressor of the coal ban law
was, “hanged, tortured or decapitated.”

The reason for London’s rising coal use was obvious.
The population of London and of Great Britain generally, had
been increasing, and asa result the forests were ina severe state
of decline. Forests near London were consumed first simply
because of easy access; they were burned for firewood, cut for
building, or simply burned to clear land for crop production
or pasture for livestock.

Wood ash supplies for garden fertilizer, cutting salt
and culinary uses declined. The people did not like to use coal
ash or “clinkers” for fertilizing their gardens, culinary ashes
in food or cutting salt because they imparted an undesirable
burned petroleum smell and taste. The reduced supply of
wood ashes caused a general decline in the health and immune
defenses in the populations of Great Britain and Europe.

As supplies of energy from living forests declined
and became scarce, and more costly, the demand for energy


 

from coal rose significantly. The coal merchants, watching the
burgeoning cities and the shrinking forests surely thought
coal was nearing a boom in sales.

As luck would have it, the energy crisis was solved,
not by coal, but rather by a plague that devastated Europe’s
populations.

In October 1347, the crew of a trading ship that docked
in Sicily brought the Bubonic Plague to Europe. The “Black
Death” was already wiping out the populations of China, India
and the Middle East; inits first European rage, continuing until
1351, it would kill almost one third of Europe’s population -
in fact 25 million souls were lost.

Some modern scholars speculated that the plague
was particularly deadly because the general population had
already been weakened by years of bad weather, bad harvests,
reduced supplies of wood (and therefore ashes) and famine.

Atthe time, most residents of Europe viewed the plague
as evidence of the wrath of God! After careful consideration,
the medical staff and faculty of the prestigious University of
Paris determined that the plague was caused by “an unusual
alignment of the planets that had occurred on March 20,
1345.”

In England, the plague would break out again and
again and again, for at least three additional charges before
1400, and Europe’s population would continue to be ravaged
by disease until 1500. By 1500, only 3 million people lived in
England, about half the number that had lived there before
the plague’s assault. As deserted and abandoned farms and
lands were reclaimed by the forests and trees became large
enough to provide for the needs of the decimated population,
coal sales went into the tank - the coal market literally dried
up, and wood ashes were back!

In the late 1500s, the English suffered an energy crisis
again, when their population grew and again, because of an
increased demand for and consumption of wood, the forests
shrank.

===== Screenshot (150) =====
 


 

The English learned to tolerate what had been thought
of as intolerable - they became the first western culture to mine
and burn coal on a ‘massive preferential national scale. The
coal burning public and businesses filled the air of London
and other cities with the most polluted and foul air in the
history of humanity.

‘The English went on to power an Industrial Revolution
with coal and transform the world of industry, agriculture,
human health and the fate of the planet Earth itself - the
energy produced from coal was a double edged sword and
had devastating unintended consequences.

The nobles led popular demonstrations with the
populous denouncing the use of coal in the city - King Edward
I banned the use of coal for political expediency. The original
bans were ignored, so more desperate laws were passed to
punish first offenders with “great fines and ransoms.” Second
offenders had their furnaces destroyed.

In 1661, John Graunt, a little known London draper,
theorized that by making tables out of London mortality data
and analyzing it, he could create more useful information. His
resulting observations, published in 1662, resulted in Charles
Il, recommending Graunt’s appointment to the prestigious
and newly formed Royal Society - adding that, “If they found
any more such tradesmen, they should be sure to admit them
all without further ado.”

Graunt's analysis confirmed that infant and childhood
mortality was higher than earlier believed, and that thirty per
cent of London’s deaths were children under the age of four
or five years old. The records also showed that lung related
deaths reached between 20% and 25% of the total deaths.

Graunt recorded that, “Seasoned residents lived nearly
as long in London as elsewhere, yet new-comers, and children
do not, for the Smoaks, Stinks, and close Air are less healthful
than that of the Country; otherwise why do sickly Persons
remove to the Country Air?”


 

Benjamin Franklin

Benjamin Franklin, as a result of the unintended
consequences produced by some of his scientific endeavors,
would actually shorten the lives of Americans and individuals
in other industrialized nations.

Franklin was born in Boston on Sunday, January 17,
1706. Boston was by then an incorporated town for 76 years.
Boston was no longer a simple, isolated religious outpost - it
was a bustling, growing port city.

Boston boasted more than 1,000 permanent houses,
a thousand seagoing ships registered at its port and 7,000
permanent residents - the population would double every
twenty years.

Even as a child, Franklin was a creative, yet practical
inventor. One of his first inventions was a set of flippers for
his hands and feet to improve his swimming speed. He made
two oval palettes, with holes for his thumbs, and “T also fitted
to the soles of my feet a kind of sandals.”

Early in life Franklin became infatuated with kites. While
flying his kites, Franklin would strip, wade into a pond or lake,
floated on his back, and used the kite and wind power to pull
him across the body of water. “Having engaged another boy to
carry my clothes round the pond,” he recalled, “I began to cross
the pond with my kite, which carried me quite over without
the least fatigue and with the greatest pleasure imaginable.”

Franklin was originally slated by his father to be
a minister, and to that end he was sent to the Boston Latin
School at the age of eight to prepare for entry into Harvard.

Franklin did well at Harvard, moving up from the
middle of his class to the number one slot, which resulted in
his being advanced to a higher grade level. Because Franklin’s
father couldn’t sustain the tuition cost, Franklin was forced to
drop out of school.

===== Screenshot (151) =====
 

Oo

Young Franklin was described as skeptical, puckish,
curious and irreverent, “Dr. Franklin, when a child, found
the long graces used by his father before and after meals very
tedious,” his grandson stated. “One day after the winter's
provisions had been salted, ‘I think, Father,’ said Benjamin,
‘if you were to say Grace over the whole cask - once for all - it
would be a vast saving of time.”

At age ten, with only two years of schooling, Franklin
went to work full time in his father’s candle and soap shop.
It was not the most fun job that a ten year old kid could have;
he spent his working hours skimming rendered tallow from
at; trimming wicks, adding wood

boiling tubs of “stinking” f
ashes to the soap and filling candle molds was considered
a mindless repetitive activity by young Franklin. His father
took him on long walks to visit various tradesmen to find a
trade or art that might better interest him.

As it turned out, his knowledge of many crafts and
skills allowed him to become a first rate tinker and inventor.
Franklin at age twelve years went on to sign on for nine
years of indentured service as an apprentice and to acquire
the training and the experiences of a publisher, printer and
newspaperman.

Franklin was directed to produce poetry based on
news stories, the stories were well received, to which Franklin
wrote, “(the praise) flattered my vanity.” Herman Melville
would write that, “Franklin was everything but a poet.”

Benjamin Franklin’s four year old son died of smallpox
in 1736, causing him to become an advocate of vaccination for
smallpox.

The print industry was a natural course of life for
Franklin, “From a child I was fond of reading,” he recalled,
“and all the little money that came into my hands was
ever laid out in books.” Books became the most important
influence in his life. The love and respect of books was one
of the common traits shared by the Puritanism of Mather and
the Enlightenment of Locke, worlds that would blend in the


 

character and personality of Benjamin Franklin. “Often I sat
up inmy room reading the greatest part of the night, when the
book was borrowed in the evening and to be returned early
in the morning, lest it should be missed or wanted,” admitted
Franklin.

In 1743, Franklin proposed the formation of the
American Philosophical Society, which was to be an American
version of the Royal Society think tank of England. It would
be housed in Philadelphia, and its members would include
illustrious scientists and thinkers from other cities.

The members would exchange their studies by post,
and abstracts would be distributed to the members quarterly.
The subjects to be investigated were to be practical rather
than theoretical and included “newly discovered plants,
herbs, trees, roots, their virtues, uses, etc....improvements
of vegetable juices, such as ciders, wines, etc.; new methods
of curing or preventing diseases, ....improvements in any
branch of mathematics...new arts, trades, and manufactures...
surveys, maps and charts...methods of improving the breeds
of animals... and all philosophical experiments that let light
into the nature of things.”

In 1747 Franklin proposed a volunteer military force
that would be independent of Pennsylvania’s colonial
government - the Pennsylvania Militia was born.

Franklin didn’t realize it, but his charter of the Militia
Association, in its spirit as well as wording, conceived and
preceded the writing of the Declaration of Independence
three decades later:

“Being thus unprotected by the government under
which we live, we do hereby, for our mutual defense and
security, and for the security of our wives, children and
estates...form ourselves into an Association.”

In 1748, at age 42, Franklin retired and sold his printing
business to David Hall, his trusted foreman; the agreement

===== Screenshot (152) =====
 


provided him with half the businesses profits for eighteen
years, which amounted to 650 British pounds per year (the
average colonial income at the time was 25 pounds per year).
Now, he calculated, he would have “leisure to read, study,
make experiments, and converse at large with such ingenious
and worthy men as are pleased to honor me with their
friendship.”

Franklin gave up his print shop to focus and engage
his energies on science, then politics, then diplomacy and
statecraft. As Poor Richard (one of Franklin’s pen names)
declared in his almanac that year, “Lost time is never found
again.” His intellectual curiosity and infatuation with the
orderliness of the greater universe drew him to science.

Franklin didn’t have any formal academic training in
science or math to be considered a great theorist of the likes of
Einstein; his interests of what he fondly called his “scientific
amusements” caused some educated contemporaries to
dismiss him as a mere tinker. However, even during his
life he was held up as the most famous scientist alive - as
Harvard professor, Dudley Herschbach stated, “His work on
electricity was recognized as ushering ina scientific revolution
comparable to those written by Newton in the previous
century or Watson and Crick in ours.”

An example of Franklin’s practical application of
science was his 1740s invention of an iron wood-burning
stove that could be built into fireplaces to maximize heat
output into the house while at the same time minimizing, fuel
requirements, smoke and drafts - using his understanding of
convection currents and heat transfer, he produced an original
and unique stove design.

The resulting byproduct of the daily use of the
“Pennsylvania Stove” - wood ash (plant minerals), were still
available to mix with food as “culinary ashes,” cut salt at the
rate of ten parts ash to one part salt as a condiment and the
balance mixed into homemade lye soap and into the compost
to fertilize the garden.


 

During a visit to Boston in the summer of 1743, Franklin
and others were entertained one evening by a traveling
scientific showman from Scotland called Archibald Spencer.
Spencer featured amazing demonstrations of science that were
designed to amuse the host’s guests. He revealed Newton’s
theories of light and exhibited a device that measured blood
flow - both were interests of Franklin’s.

Dr. Spencer performed electricity parlor tricks, such as
creating static electricity by rubbing a glass tube and drawing
sparks from the feet of a boy hanging by silk cords from the
ceiling. “Being (entertained and educated) on a subject quite
new to me,” Franklin recalled, “They equally surprised and
pleased me.”

One hundred years earlier, Galileo and Newton had
described, explained and demystified a force knownas gravity,
however, another awesome force of the universe, electricity,
was no more understood than it had been by the prehistoric
people who had tamed fire. There were individuals, like Dr.
Spencer, who used the wonders of electricity as a parlor trick
to entertain admiring audiences; however, no one as yet, had
put the power of electricity to the task of real work.

The Abbe’ Nollet, court scientist to France’s King Louis
XV, connected 180 soldiers and then 700 monks and “made
them jump as if one of the court’s entertainment by sending
a pulse of static electricity through them.” Franklin however,
was the ideal person to convert electricity from the status of
a simple parlor trick into a functional, practical and working
science.

Franklin’s initial experiments involved collecting an
electric charge and then studying its various properties. He
employed his friends to draw charges from a spinning glass
tube and touch each other to see if sparks flew. These early
experiments resulted in the discovery that electricity was
“not created by the friction of rubbing the tube, but collected
only.”

Many of Franklin’s originally coined terms such as

===== Screenshot (153) =====
 


 

battery, charged, neutral, condense and conductor are still
used today in the fields of electricity and the greater subject
of energy. “I fe has written equally for the uninitiated as well
as the philosopher,” the 19th century English chemist, Sir
Humphrey Davy noted, “and he has rendered his details as
amusing as well as perspicuous.”

Franklin’s discovery that the creation of a positive
charge was accompanied by the generation of an equal
negative charge became known as the “conservation of
charge” and the “single-fluid theory” of electricity. The
concepts were easily formulated in Franklin’s “book keeper”
mind. His observations were a scientific breakthrough and
discovery of historic greatness - “As a broad generalization
that has withstood the test of 200 years of fruitful application,”
Harvard professor I. Bernard Cohen declared, “ Franklin’s law
of conservation of charge must be considered to be of the same
fundamental importance to physical science as Newton’s law
of conservation of momentum.”

In a practical progression of his electrical storage
experiments, Franklin lined up a series of parallel glass plates
separated by metal - charged them up, wired them together,
and discovered a new electrical device - “what we call an
electrical battery.”

Franklin was able to use the “electrical battery” to turn
the iron fence surrounding his house into the first electrified
security fence; he created an electrical toy spider that would
hop like a live one; he electrocuted turkeys with his electrical
battery for the entertainment of his guests before the birds
were roasted for dinner with electricity, thus inventing the
first electrical execution device and first electrical cooking
device.

This early Franklin experiment, in which he killed
and cooked turkeys with electrical devices, was perhaps
the very first close call humanity had with an epidemic
of obesity, type If diabetes, the metabolic syndrome,
arthritis, osteoporosis and many other chronic degenerative

4


 

diseases, for with the use of electricity there were no wood
ash byproducts that had been produced for millennia by
the burning of wood. No wood ashes to mix with salt, no
culinary ashes - no plant minerals with which to nourish
our bodies or to fertilize the garden.

For millennia, lightening was universally considered to
be a supernatural phenomenon or an expression of God’s
wrath. During one 35 year period of time during the 1700s, in
Germany alone, “386 churches were struck by lightening and
an excess of 100 bell ringers were killed by heavenly bolts.
In Venice, 3,000 people were killed when tons of gunpowder
stored in a church was struck.”

Franklin noted that, “The lightening seems to strike
steeples of choice and at the very time the bells are ringing;
yet they continue to bless the new bells and jangle the old
ones whenever it thunders. One would think it was now time
to try some other trick.”

Franklin concluded that the “water vapors in a cloud
can be electrically charged and when these electrically charged
clouds pass over a high tree, lofty towers, spires, masts of ships
...draw the electrical fire and the whole cloud discharges.” His
proposal led to some practical advice - “Dangerous therefore
it is to take shelter under a tree during a thunder gust.”

Before he even tried his lightening experiments himself,
Franklin detailed his thoughts in two famous letters to
Collinson in 1750, which were presented to the Royal Society
in London and then widely published. The basic concept was
to use a tall metal rod to draw some of the electrical charge
froma cloud, just as he had done with a needle to draw off the
charge of an iron ball in his workshop.

Franklin correctly surmised that the “lightening rod”
could, render safe one of the greatest natural dangers faced by
humans. “Houses, ships and even towns and churches may
be effectively secured from the stroke of lightening by their
means,” he predicted.

Franklin had been waiting for the steeple of

===== Screenshot (154) =====
 


 

Philadelphia’s Christ Church to be finished to perform his first
lightening rod experiments; because of construction delays,
he became impatient and in his typical zeal, he developed the
idea of using instead a kite. To that end he enlisted the efforts
of his son William to help fly the silk kite. A sharp wire was
attached to the top of the kite, and a brass key was attached
near the base of the wet string, so that a wire could be brought
near it in an effort to draw sparks.

Initially clouds passed over the kite to no effect. Franklin
almost fell into despair until he saw several of the strands of
the string straighten out and stiffen. He put his knuckle to the
key and drew an electrical spark.

Franklin was literally moments away from discovering
a commercially viable source of clean household energy -
electrical appliances and the end of the dusty ash byproduct
of heating and cooking fires! However, the onset of the
American Revolution and the birth of a new nation siphoned
off his creative juices and energies.

It would take an additional 150 years before Edison’s
work produced the practical generation of electrical power
and the flurry of invention of patented electrical appliances
that would replace wood fueled heating and cooking
fires and eliminate once and for all the health and life
supporting kitchen and heating byproducts of wood ash -
plant minerals!


 

Chapter 10

“Every basket is power and civilization. For coal
is a portable climate. It carries the heat of the tropics
to Labrador and the polar circle; and it is the means of
transporting itself whithersoever it is wanted. Watt and
Stephenson whispered in the ear of mankind their secret,
that a half-ounce of coal will draw two tons a mile, and
coal carries coal, by rail and by boat, to make Canada
as warm as Calcutta; and with its comfort brings its
industrial power.”

Ralph Waldo Emerson, 1850

The Fuel Revolution

After having tamed fire 1,500,000 years earlier, humans
had created many unique ways to use the power of fire to
change natural materials into everything from metals, pottery,
bricks, and glass, to salt, soap and ale. However, in all those
hectic and creative millennia of baking, boiling, melting and
smelting, it didn’t quickly come to them that fire held another
power - the power of movement and motion.

For the average human, the back-breaking work of
transporting loads from one farm to another, or from one
market to another was performed only with the power of
muscle, water and wind.

===== Screenshot (155) =====
 

 

a

This fact of work powered only by humans, animals,
water or wind limited the production and growth that a culture
could expect to accomplish in each century. There was only so
much mechanical lifting, turning and pulling that humans and
animals could do and only so many hours in the day.

In the 1700s, a machine was invented that allowed
humans to grow beyond the historical constraints and limits
by turning “solar income” fuels into enormous amounts of
mechanical torque, lift and forward motion!

This invention was the steam engine and the fuel was
coal. The steam engine would soon become the center of
the Industrial Revolution, causing it to be called, “The most
important invention in the creation of the modern world.”

Coal, “motivated” the steam engine and its inventors,
who were searching for a solution to the problem of coal mine
flooding as the mine shafts were driven below the water table.
Wood had become scarce, and as a result, coal had become a
necessity of life and the problem of mine flooding had to be
solved.

To keep the mines dry, operators employed gravity
by digging tunnels or “watergates” from the valleys up into
the mine; others used various means of power including
windmills, windlass, chain of buckets and simple buckets
carried on the backs of diggers. The greatest amounts of water
in the largest mines was raised by horse power, however, the
cost of maintaining 50 to 60 horses and their teamsters was
too burdensome for even the largest mines.

By 1700, coal production was ten times greater than
it had been in 1550. England was now mining five times
more coal than all other nations combined, she was now
totally dependent on coal as a fuel for home use and for
powering industry. Even if England optimized her wood
fuel production from her forests, ceased the use of wood
for building and manufacturing, the forests could no longer
replace the dependency on coal - wood fuels were once and
for all gone in England.


 

The flooding of the mines remained a threat to
England's very existence as a world power - asa result, in 1660
Charles II created the Royal Society. The Royal Society was an
independent group commissioned to study and promote the
theory and application of science.

The original members of the Royal Society were the great
philosophers, thinkers and scientists of the day, including Sir
Issac Newton, Gottfried Leibnitz, Christopher Wren, Samuel
Pepys, John Evelyn and Robert Boyle - “Religion, nationality,
profession - all were subordinated to a degree perhaps never
before found in history.”

One of the more important and practical concerns of
the illustrious group was coal, yet coal was still a mystery to
them. In the 17th century, people still believed that coal was a
living organism and still alive much like peat moss.

The Royal Society members, although initially confused
about the origin of coal, they agreed for certain to one thing -
England’s coal supply was threatened by mine flooding. They
focused all of their attention on pumping technology, and on
atmospheric pressure.

Scientists had only recently begun to appreciate that
the atmosphere had weight and volume and it fills vacuums
with a powerful force. They learned and appreciated the
fact that the force of air opposing a vacuum could be put to
work, however, producing and controlling the vacuum was
problematic.

Denis Papin, a French Huguenot living in England,
found the solution - steam! Papin had previously proven his
knowledge of steam by demonstrating to the members of the
Royal Society his steam pressure cooker which he named
the “Digester” or Engine for softening bone so they could be
completely eaten.

Between 1690 and 1695, Papin invented a small
contraption consisting of a moveable piston within a brass
cylinder. When he heated water that filled one end on the
cylinder, the resulting steam vigorously drove the piston

===== Screenshot (156) =====
 


 

upward. When he removed the flame, the steam condensed
and produced a vacuum - the piston was then vigorously
pushed back toward the vacuum by the outside atmospheric
pressure.

Papin didn’t believe his first steam piston could be
built large enough to be of practical use. The inventor who
actually put the steam piston to work, was not a member of
the Royal Society or London’s scientific elite, rather it was
Thomas Newcomen, a simple ironmonger or “tinker” froma
small rural town.

The members of the Royal Society tried to downplay
the importance of Newcomen’s steam engine, leading many
historians to believe that Newcomen’s lack of credentials
was the problem. One historian went on to say, “to the small
scientific world of London, whose center was the Royal
Society, it seemed inconceivable that such a man could excel
the brightest intellects of the day in the power of invention.”

Newcomen’s steam driven device was similar to the
Papin piston, however, it was much larger and sported a
separate boiler in which to generate the steam. After the
steam was let into the bottom of the cylinder, cold water was
added to condense the steam; the resulting vacuum forced
the piston ina downward stroke. As the piston moved up and
down, it rocked an overhead beam. The opposite end of the
beam moved the rod of a vacuum pump ina similar fashion
to those driven by horse power.

The first practical Newcomen steam engine was
“quietly and without ceremony” installed at a coal mine in
1712. The engine was called a “fire engine,” and the men who
fed coal into the engine’s boiler and kept the engine’s fire alive
were called “firemen.”

Newcomen’s steam engine was an immediate success
and much revered by mine operators - one engine did the
work of pumping more efficiently and more economically
than 50 horses!

Those historians who know Newcomen’s story, write


 

of him and his work with an almost religious reverence,
calling his steam engine, “the most wonderful invention which
human ingenuity had yet produced,” and credited him with
giving “to the whole world ...The art of converting fuel into
useful power for the benefit and convenience of humanity.”

By the 1760s, hundreds of Newcomen engines (because
they used atmospheric pressure rather than steam pressure
were often called atmospheric engines) were pumping water
from mine shafts throughout England and Scotland; some of
Newcomen’s engines were built to gigantic proportions for
the day, reaching cylinder diameters of more than six feet and
lengths of ten feet.

Initially the Newcomen engine was used only by coal
mine operators because it was a fuel hog, and coal was for all
practical purposes free at the mouth of the shaft.

In 1736, James Watt, the son of a Sottish carpenter was
born. He was the only one of five children born to his parents
to survive to manhood; however, Watt was very frail and
suffered from continuous migraines that kept him in bed for
weeks at a time.

According to a 19th century biographer, Watt's
fragile health left him with “an almost feminine delicacy and
sensitiveness, which made him shrink from the rough play of
robust children”; as a result, he was home schooled during his
early years, he spent his time playing with his father’s carpentry
tools and intently watching steam pouring from tea kettles.

Watt excelled inmathand studied the art of constructing
mathematical instruments. It was as an instrument maker,
only 20 years old, that he was asked to fix a small working
model of a Newcomen engine that had been reverently kept
at Glasgow University.

The Newcomen model, like the full sized engine, was
extremely wasteful, requiring enormous amounts of coal to
keep it going. Watt observed that as steam was injected into
the system and then cooled with water, heat was wasted in
the cyclical process of reheating and cooling the cylinder.

===== Screenshot (157) =====
 

iste eet yee ee

Watt revolutionized the Newcomen steam engine
by installing a separate condenser; the cylinder would be
attached to another container that was surrounded with cool
water, after the cylinder filled with steam, the steam passed
into the cooler container where it condensed. In this way, the
cylinder itself would always remain hot and ready for the
next injection of steam!

According to Dr. Joseph Black, a good friend, of Watt's,
“This capital improvement flashed upon his mind at once,
and filled him with rapture.”

Watt, after suffering many challenges (“of all things in
life, there is nothing more foolish than inventing”), eventually
found the perfect partner, the Birmingham industrialist,
Mathew Boulton, and one of the most successful partnerships
in history was started.

Boulton was a manufacturer and an_ industrial
visionary. Together, Boulton and Watt formed the Lunar
“- members included Joseph Priestly who had
discovered oxygen, sulfur dioxide and carbon monoxide;
Joseph Wedgewood, the pottery giant; and Erasmus Darwin,
inventor, poet and grandfather of Charles Darwin.

Boulton built his financial empire with buckles, rather
than coal, iron or textiles. He employed 1,000 workers in his
Soho manufactory, where they made precision crafted goods,
with a range from buckles, buttons and filigree to classic
instruments including clocks, thermometers and
Boulton’s manufactory became so famous that it

Society

scientific
telescopes.
drew tourists, including Catherine the Great.

Boulton had a serious interest in steam engines because
the water wheels that powered the Soho facility could not be
depended upon for a continuous source of power. He had
unsuccessfully tried his hand at inventing and designing
steam engines, he even exchanged letters on the subject of
engine design with his good friend Benjamin Franklin.

In 1773, Watt moved to Birmingham and began
working on improvements on his steam engine at Soho.


 

Boulton provided skilled artisans, financial backing and best
of all emotional encouragement to Watt.

The all important cylinder was produced by John
Wilkinson, the pioneering iron founder. In 1776, while the
American Revolution was in full swing, James Watt installed
his first two engines, one to pump water out of a mine shaft
and the other to inflate and drive the bellows in Wilkinson’s
iron foundry.

While Watt improved the steam engine in many ways,
his finest moment was in getting the Newcomen engine to
extract four times the work force or “horse power” out of a
lump of coal. The steam engine’s new fuel efficiency moved
it out of the darkness of the coal mine and into the business
world to find a home in the world’s factories.

England’s coal industry had become relatively large by
the 1700s just to meet the domestic and non-iron industrial
requirements of the nation; it would expand again tenfold by
1830; and double again by 1854. Between 1842 and 1856 the
number of English coal mines quadrupled again.

The steam driven Industrial Revolution’s impact on
human endeavor has been compared to the discovery and
taming of fire, the invention of the wheel, and to the tasting of
the apple from the Tree of Knowledge.

Not until the 1800s would it be scientifically established,
and commonly accepted, that coal itself, not only the plant
fossils held within, was plant material and prehistoric.

y 1790, “potash fever” swept through the young,
American country; trees were burned by the tens of thousands
simply for the ash which was exported to Great Britain for
fertilizer and culinary ashes. The first U.S. Patent, Patent
Number 1, was awarded for “the production of wood ash and
the use of wood ash as fertilizer.”

Coal was not just another simple fuel, and “no mere
article of commerce.” Coal represented man’s victory over the
elements of nature - it became the foundation of civilization
itself:

===== Screenshot (158) =====
 


“With Coal, we have light, strength, power, wealth
and civilization; without Coal we have darkness, weakness,
poverty, and barbarism.”

For centuries, Britain led the world in coal production,
and asa result, the Industrial Revolution started there; Britain
became the most pow erful country on the planet, it created the
first “industrial society,” one that no one could have imagined
- the genie was out of the bottle!

In the United States, coal transformed an empty
wilderness into an industrial superpower at warp speed.
Without coal we would have wallowed longer in the poverty
wracked, backbreaking hand labor of backwardness and the
ignorance of the pre- industrial world; however, given more
time, we might have discovered a more grac eful, a more
gentle and a more friendly path to modernization.

Michael Faraday, the scientist, acclaimed by all the
world, had little formal education and had taught himself
everything. Since the 1820s his had beena career of “marvelous
discoveries in many different fields, that of induced electricity
appearing as the most remarkable of all.”

“With his horseshoe magnet and disc rotating between
its poles, Faraday, had the Royal
Society in 1831 (some 41 years after Franklin’s death), how
mechanical ener gy could be converted into electrical energy
- thus presenting to the world, the first miniature model of the
dynamo (generator).”

Faraday published a two volume collection of his
experiments and theories called, Experimental Researches
in Electricity - Thomas Edison, as a young boy devoured

Faraday’s written works on electricity and formed his views
on electricity based on the work of Franklin and Faraday.

Faraday’ s “dynamo” seemed to provide the answer to

the problem of a cheap supply of electric current. This early

dynamo, powered by steam engines, was gradually improved

over time by many inventors and tinkers - by the 1860s light

demonstrated before


 

houses along England’s coast were lit by giant arc lights.

In 1876, at the Philadelphia Exposition, Moses G.
Farmer exhibited three arc lights powered by his privately built
dynamo. In 1877, a newspaper reported that Paul Jablochkoff,
a former Russian officer of engineers had invented “electric

candles” which were introduced as street lamps in Paris.

Coal, steam and electricity now had a toe hold in the
daily life of human culture - it was clear that wood as a fuel
for the hearth and industry was no longer viable, because
the maximum rate of re-growth of trees could no longer
keep up with the growing demand for fuel and power.

Unfortunately at this point in history, territorial
expansion, financial empires, industrial growth and mass
transportation (i.e. - roads, canals, railroad, trans- Atlantic
ships, etc.) were the driving force in all industrialized nations
- the race was on! As a result of all the excitement generated
by new sources of power and business growth, no one paid
any attention to the human price that would be paid over the
horizon of time.

Wood, the source of the seemingly endless flow of
wood ashes (plant mineral nutrition) that had supported
human development in the fields of agriculture, nutrition,
intellect, art, industry, health, longevity and science had
begun to be pinched off - we had moved from wood to coal
as the common fuel, we had moved from wind, water and
muscle power to steam and electricity to run our machines,
farms and industries in almost a single breath.

===== Screenshot (159) =====
 

 


Patties

“We do not want to be like the immortal
Struldbruggs in Swift's novel Gulliver's Travels, who
kept on growing older, more ill, and more miserable, and
acquired an additional Ghastliness in Proportion to their

number of Years.’”
Sally Beare

50 Secrets of the World's

Longest Living People

The Age Beaters


 

Chapter 11

“If I had known
I was going to live so long, I’d have taken better care of
myself.”

Eubie Blake
Celebrate ragtime pianist
1883 - 1983

The Age Beaters

At the date of publication of IMMORTALITY, there are
210,000 to 300,000 centenarians worldwide out of more than
seven billion people. In 2006, the U.S. Surgeon General said
that, “of the 2.2 million deaths in America each year, that 1.8
million are diet related” - this statement agrees with the 1968
observation of Dr. Wallach that, “Every animal and every
human being that dies of natural causes dies of a nutritional
deficiency disease.”

The gerontologists and geneticists of today agree that
all humans have the genetic equipment and therefore the
genetic capacity to live well beyond 100 years of age. Most of
these “experts” on aging believe the true maximum lifespan
of humans is 120 years of age, however they really don’t
know for a fact that humans have a maximum life span of
120 because there has not been a controlled study with 1,000
humans fed a perfect Calorie Restricted diet, a perfectly

===== Screenshot (160) =====
 


 

 

supplemented diet and perfect intake of antioxidants - their belief is their theory!
At the beginning of the 20th century when we were switching from horses to cars, there
were those “experts” who believed that if we drove cars 50 miles per hour that our hearts
would explode; it was believed before Roger Bannister broke the four minute mile, that it
was humanly impossible to run that fast, yet one year after his miraculous feat that broke
the four minute mile, 300 more runners broke the four minute mark; it was said that the
sound barrier couldn’t be broken by a manned flight; it was believed that we would never
get a man to land on the moon and return to earth and so on - who is to say we can’t live
to be 150, 175 or 200 - we believe we can!
Dan Buettner, author of the Blue Zones, believes that there are only four places on earth
where people successfully live to be over 100 years of age. His is quite the simple view as
there are in fact literally an infinite number of places on earth where people commonly
live beyond 100 years of age and if all humans were to employ the four basic principals of
IMMORTALITY almost all could live beyond 100 years of age just as an entire colony of rats
on a perfect longevity diet with Calorie Restriction can live to be five years of age
instead of three years.
Our purpose here is to share with the reader the wide variety of peoples and cultures all
over the world who can and do live beyond 100 years of age because they all employ either
knowingly or unknowingly the four principals of healthful longevity and yes - even
Immortality.

The Tibetans & Chinese

Since before written history, wood ashes (plant derived minerals) were the most universally
available mineral nutritional supplement and mineral based fertilizer. Wood ashes were
predictable; they were a fine particle-sized mineral dust and an immediately available
source of plant food (fertilizer) and mineral supplement that was produced everyday in the
human’s daily life as a simple byproduct of cooking and warming our homes.
Wood ash was an unintended, passively produced by product, a cottage industry in even the
most humble of dwellings. Wood ash was produced and employed in their daily lives by
Neanderthals 200,000 years ago.
The systematic cultivation and fertilization of land to commercially produce food was first
written about in 4000 B.C. in China. Chinese farmers used “organic material, wood ashes and
silt reclaimed from streams and rivers that had been eroded from the hills and mountains to
fertilize gardens and field crops.”
Wood ashes were universally available and contained a wide variety of “plant derived
minerals” that were easily available to cultivated garden plants and directly available to
humans as a source of nutritional minerals when mixed with table salt and applied to our
food as a condiment and mixed with our food as “culinary ashes.”
“culinary ashes” were of great and absolute importance to human survival, health, fertility
and longevity. Wood, peat and kelp ashes were added to human and animal food since before
written history.
The “munchies,” pica and cravings didn’t begin with the first potato chip or Hershey bar -
the munchies began with the first man as a “salt craving.” From the first man to the modern
man, we were and still are dependent on plant source minerals.
Food preparation, in its earliest and simplest form, was raw meat or meat crudely “cooked”
in fire. Food was immediately eaten or preserved by being rolled in wood ash or “salted.”

===== Screenshot (161) =====
 


Salt was a valuable and cherished substance and it:
was traded ounce for ounce for gold and slaves. As a result,
salt was not squandered by simply eating it, it was mixed,,
“cut” and diluted with wood, peat or kelp ashes. And so with:
the simple act of “extending” salt with “culinary” ashes,,
humans, from the beginning of time, unknowingly acquired|
the 60 essential minerals daily as a food supplement.

About 5,000 years ago, one of the world’s early’
civilizations began along the banks of the Yellow River, as:
the Chinese stopped their hunting and gathering, drove andi
dragged their Neolithic tools into the virgin soil of the flood!
plains - the hunters became farmers.

Over the millennia, the Chinese extended farming as:
far north as the rain fall permitted. Beyond the rain fall line:
only barbarian nomads who herded goats and camels could:
survive. The northern boundary of Chinese civilization was
in fact determined by the Chinese deferring to the climate;
the Great Wall was China’s way to codify the natural border
between wet and dry, settled and unsettled.

Climate not only determined the borders of Chinese
civilization, but also stimulated the formation of one of its
most important identifying features - a powerful, centralized
government, designed, in a manner like that of the Roman
Empire.

Even south of the Great Wall, rainfall is so unpredictable
that China has always been squeezed between the double-edged disasters of drought and flood, and many millions
have starved or drowned.

Chinese mythology describes the first dynasty as being
founded about 2200 B.C. by Yu the Great, who provided some
relief from the natural disasters. Yu the Great was “part god
part hydraulic engineer” - he brought an equilibrium betweer

the earth and the waters and made cultivation predictable by
constructing dams, canals and irrigation ditches, and also a:
legend has it, “by dancing a special flood control dance.”

For thousands of years, China’s emperors, had the

responsibility, of constructing, and maintaining enormous
water projects. To this end the emperors mobilized huge
armies; the stakes were high, failure to control flooding and
droughts raised doubts as to whether the emperor's heavenly
appointment to rule the people had ended.

Success resulted in long dynasties, the crops flourished
and taxes flowed to the emperor's coffers. The emperors
succeeded more than they failed, so China grew to such
impressive levels that their degree of modern civilization
would shock the West.

Marco Polo wrote and published his famous China
travel book in 1300. The book described the amazing feats
and wonders of wealth, food, farming, canals, huge bustling
cities and successful government in an attempt to educate and
entertain his fellow Europeans. Polo’s descriptions seemed so
outrageous to the Western mind he was condemned as a liar.

One of the unusual practices in China was described
by Polo as:

“Throughout this province (of northern China) there is found
a sort of black stone, which they dig out of the mountains, where it
runs in veins. When lighted it burns like charcoal, it retains fire
much better than wood; insomuch that it may be preserved during
the night, and in the morning be found still burning. These stones
do not flame, excepting a little when first lighted, but during their
ignition give out a considerable heat.

It is true there is no scarcity of wood in the country, but the
multitude of inhabitants is so immense, and their stoves and baths,
which they are continually heating, so numerous, that the quantity
(of wood) could not supply the demand. There is no person who does
not frequent a warm bath at least three times in a week, and during
the winter daily, if it is in their power. Every man of rank or wealth
has one in his house for his own use; and the stock of wood must
soon prove inadequate to such consumption; whereas these stones
may be had in abundance, and at a cheap rate.”

===== Screenshot (162) =====
 


The Tibetans were the inspiration for the Pulitzer Prize
winning book, by James Hilton, The Lost Horizon. Tibet's “Old
People” are found on Chang Tang or the northern plateau,
elevation 15,000 feet, which consists of salt lakes fed by glaciers
from the eastern slopes of the Himalayan Mountains.

This mountain culture has about 500,000 people who
are devout Buddhists. The Tibetans are a mix of nomadic
herdsmen, merchants of salt, farmers and great cavalrymen
on camel or horse.

Tibet makes up almost 10% of China’s land mass and
was founded in the 7th century by King Songtsan Gambo.
The Chinese government sent an army into Tibet in 1950
and established a military governor to prevent Tibet from

establishing an independent nation. Since 1965 the region has:
been administered and known as the Tibetan Autonomous

Region (T.A.R.) of China.

The herdsmen build their corrals, huts and roads out
of salt bricks carefully cut from dried salt lakes on top of the
plateau; they hunt Marco Polo sheep, antelope, gazelle, wild
asses and yak.

The yak, which translates to “wealth,” provides meat,
sausage, milk, cheese, yogurt, butter, wool, skins and animal
power for plowing, riding and to transport freight.

The staple diet of the Tibetan consists of “tsampa,” a
smelly hand-mixed paste of lightly toasted barley flour, yak
butter, salt and black tea. The tsampa mainstay is supplemented
with turnips, cabbage, potatoes, trout, omelets and beans.

Tibetans routinely drink 30 to 40 medium sized cups
of black or green tea daily because the high elevation has an
extremely low humidity, requiring a high fluid intake. Each
cup of tea is flavored with a chunk of rock salt the size of a
Concord grape and two pats of yak butter.

The Tibetan capital city of Lhasa (translates to “Place of
the Gods”) was the inspiration for James Hilton’s legendary
city of Shangri-La. The city is found at an elevation of 12,000
feet, where temperatures can fluctuate as much as 80 to 10¢

degrees F each day.

In the center of old Lhasa is the holiest shrine in Tibet -
the Jokhang built in 650 A.D. The Jokhang is the “Mecca” to the
Tibetan Buddhists - many of the faithful would trek through
the mountains for years to come and pray at this holy site.

In the mountains west of Lhasa is Drepung, a gigantic
monastery that houses 10,000 monks, 25,000serfs and assistants
working 185 estates and tending over 200 pastures.

The Potala, “high heavenly realm,” is a sprawling
mountaintop palace of the Dalai Lama (translates to “ocean of
wisdom’ and represents the living prophet of the Buddhist faith
and the inspiration for the ancient living sage in James Hilton’s,
The Lost Horizon) built into the mountain 700 feet above Lhasa.

The Potala is famous for its 1,000 rooms, 10,000 altars,
20,000 statues of Buddha and the eight gold gilded tombs of
past Dalai Lamas.

South of Lhasa, there are tens of thousands of acres
of terraces fed and irrigated by mineral rich “Glacial Milk”
which originates from the Himalayan glaciers and wood
ash (from heating and cooking fires) enriched compost. The
vegetables, fruit and grains that are grown in this mineral rich
essentially manufactured soil take up these plant minerals
and are consumed by the Tibetans.

The Yao People of Bama

In 2008, China is being challenged by what they call
the “Gray Tide.” The annual growth rate for the numbers
of Chinese seniors over age 80 years is approximately five
percent bringing their numbers to mind boggling 11 million
in 2008.

Wangang, whichtranslates to” thousands ofmountains”
is a remote area of Bama county in the semi-tropical district of

===== Screenshot (163) =====
 

 


 

Guangxi in the southwest of China. The Panyang River falls
rapidly some 4,500 feet to the isolated valley below.

Wangang is inhabited by the legendary and long
lived Yao people who have tilled their fields and terraces
The World Health Organization
recently Bama an official “hometown of

and a research institute has been established in

for thousands of years.

has designated
longevity,”
order to discover the reasons for the Yoa people’s good health
and longevity. In 1991 Bama County was ranked by the United
Nations as being in the world’s top five long lived cultures.

The octogenarians in Bama have the dubious pleasure
of “looking up to their elders, the nonagenarians, who in turn
defer to those centenarians aged a hundred and over.”

Wangang typically has large numbers of centenarians
that number 34 per 100,000. It is not uncommon for households
to contain five generations of the same family.

The Yao typically buy their own coffin at age 61 and
use it as a sitting bench and grain storage locker until the need
arises to use it for their own burial.

Yao centenarians typically participate in their share of
chores by climbing the mountain paths to work the fields and
terraces and actively engage in social activities, particularly
folk singing.

The Yao people of Bama irrigate their terraces with the
mineral laden waters of the Panyang River, and they fertilize
their gardens with compost consisting of kitchen waste, wood
ash, plant debris and animal manure.

The Yao people have an extremely low incidence of
chronic disease such as coronary artery disease, cancer and
diabetes. There are no sudden increases in the
diseases after the age of 40.

Only 90 years of age
suffer from coronary heart disease; in one study, not a singla
malignant tumor could be found.

Hair analysis found that the Yao people had high levels
of trace elements in their tissues.

rates of killer

10% of those individuals over


 

Diet, is regarded by gerontologists, to be the most
important factor of longevity in Bama. Three low calorie
vegetable, seed, fish, eggs and meat - based meals are eaten
daily.

The Yao people consume large quantities of lima beans,
mung beans, soy beans, tofu, corn, brown rice, pumpkin,
tomatoes, green leafy vegetables, amaranth, peppers, banana,
guavas, grapes and pear.

The people of Bama regularly drink “snake wine”
- fermented rice or corn wine bottled with snakes that are
preserved in the alcohol.

Mahjong, chess, calligraphy and folk singing are
favorite pastimes that have been practiced by the Yao for
1,000 years.

Bama Recipes*

Sweet Potato and Salad:

1 medium sweet potato

Mixed green leafy vegetables (romaine, arugula,
watercress, spinach, mixed greens, etc.)

1 cooked sliced beet

2 thinly sliced tomatoes

1 medium avocado, sliced

1 handful basil or cilantro leaves, chopped

10 black olives, sliced

Sesame seeds

Olive oil/ vinegar dressing or lemon wedges

1. Scrub the sweet potato with water and bake for 35 minutes
at 375 F or until done.

===== Screenshot (164) =====
aNd . itv

 

 

9 : sain -edie > except for the sesame seeds; add the . : :
2. Mix other ingre dients exce pt fc r the é é Grilled Polenta with Spinach:

olive oil/ vinegar or lemon juice but do not toss.

21/2 cups water

1 cup polenta flour

3 Tblsp grated Parmesan cheese**
Sea salt and freshly ground pepper
Tblsp extra-virgin olive oil

14 oz spinach

1 clove garlic, chopped

3. Heat sesame seeds in a dry pan for 2 to 5 minutes, then
add to the dressed salad and toss.

Sweet Potato and Carrot Soup:

2 to 3 medium sweet potatoes . : Bed
2 to 3 medium sweet pote 1. Bring the water to a boil in a heavy pan. Pour the polenta

slowly, in a steady stream, whisking it at the same time.
Turn the heat down as low as possible, and simmer gently
for afew minutes, until it is the same consistency as oatmeal.
Stir in the Parmesan cheese, a pinch of salt and pepper to
taste. Transfer to a small, shallow dish and leave to cool
and harden.

4 to 5 large carrots

2 Tblsp extra-virgin olive oil

1 tsp cumin**

1 pinch of ground cardamom seed**

1 1/2 pints chicken or vegetable stock

1. Peel and chop the sweet potatoes and carrots.

2. Cut the polenta into wedges, brush a little olive oil on

2. Heat the olive oil in cast iron pan and add vegetables. ; ; A : : ar
E o both sides, and grill for a few minutes on each side until it
o
- becomes slightly golden.
3. Add tsp cumin powder and a pinch of ground cardamom aa

seeds, stir in, and sweat the mixture for a few moments. } : : :
3. At the same time, steam the spinach for 1 to 2 minutes until

just wilted. Heat the olive oil ina pan on medium heat, add
the garlic, cook for just a few seconds, toss spinach into the
pan for a few seconds. Serve the polenta and a few extra
shavings of the Parmesan cheese. Serves 1 - 2.

4. Add enough stock to cover the vegetables and simmer
until they are soft (approximately 5 minutes).

Jt

. Pour into a blender or food processor and blend - if the

 

soup is too thick - add more stock. *Sally Beare, 50 Secrets of the World's Longest Living People. 2006.

** Added by the chief; this ingredient is not part of the Bama diet.

). Return to the pan for a few seconds after blending and
heat - soup serves two!

===== Screenshot (165) =====
 


ee

Li-Ching-Yun

Li-Ching-Yun reportedly lived to the age of 256 years,
he outlived 23 wives and had 180 descendents! Li of Kaihsien,
in the Province of Szechwan, China, was born in 1677; he sold
herbs for 100 years; and died in 1933 at the age of 256 years
(and was the inspiration for the 200 year old leader of Hilton's
Shangri-La).

Professor Wu-Chung-Chien, the Dean of the
Department of Education, of the Minkuo University reported
that he had found records showing that Li was in fact born
in 1677 (the Chinese have the most extensive and the most
accurate of all census records in the history of man), and that
on Li’s 150th birthday (1827), he was congratulated by the
Chinese Imperial Government. Fifty year later, in 1877, Li was
sent a second official birthday congratulations, for his 200th
birthday. Fifty years later, at the age of 250 years, Li lectured
to 1,000 medical students in Beijing on the art of living a long
and healthy life.

Li’s advice for a long and healthful life was to, “Keep
a quiet heart, sit like a tortoise, sleep like a dog.” The “Sit Still
and Do Nothing” approach to health has many proponents,
and there is a time-tested practice that has been found over
and over to reduce the risk of illnesses, retain beauty and
youth and to engender longevity - meditation and prayer.

Meditation has been shown to lower blood pressure,
relax one’s muscles, raise the circulating levels of DHEA (the
“youth hormone”), lower age-inducing cortisol levels, and
generally support the rejuvenating processes in the body.

According to several studies, meditation reduces one’s
risk of cancer by 55% and heart disease by 80%. In a study
of more than 2,000 people who meditate, there was a 50%
decrease in the use of medical facilities, for those over 40 years
of age the reduction was 70% (this included visits for heart


 

disease, respiratory disease and gastrointestinal problems).

Being religious definitely increases one’s longevity. In
a meta-analysis of 42 studies which examined 125,826 people
(American Psychological Association in the year 2,000), it was
demonstrated that regular attendance at a place of worship
(church, synagogue, mosque or temple) added eight years to
the average lifespan and improved general health.

London Times, May 8, 1933

Telegrams in Brief - A telegram from Chungking in
the Province of Szechwan, China states that Li-Ching-Yun,
reputed to be the oldest man in China, and presumably the
world, has died at Kiah-Sien, at the alleged age of 256. -
Reuters

===== Screenshot (166) =====

“Here, since endless centuries, man has tamed
the impossible mountainside into terraces, he has quarried
the rock, he has fed his sheep among the thin woods, he
has cut his boughs and burnt his charcoal, he has been
half domesticated even among the wild fastnesses. This is
what is so attractive....Life is so primitive, so pagan, so

strangely heathen and half savage.’

D. H. Lawrence, 1921

“Diet probably plays an important role. Barbagia
is not like the rest of the Mediterranean. They don’t eat a
Mediterranean diet.”

Dr. Antonio Cao, Geneticist
Akea study

 


Sardinians

Dr. Paolo Francalacci, an evolutionary anthropologist
from Stanford University, said, “Eighteen thousand years
ago, during the period called the Glacial Maximum, humans
could survive in Europe only in two refuges, one in Iberia and
one in the Balkans.”

As the glaciers receded and the climate began to warm,
humans began to re-enter Europe. They traveled westward
from the Balkans and eastward from the Iberian Peninsula.
Sardinia, itself was populated almost entirely by a genetically
homogeneous Iberian peoples. They originally survived by
hunting, gathering and fishing.

Farming showed up in Sardinia 6,000 to 7,000 years
ago, brought by Neolithic bands of peoples from the Levant,
where farming had been recorded 3,000 years earlier.

About 14,000 years ago, Earth was thawing from an Ice
Age. As the ice melted, a small group of “genetically related”
people in Iberia migrated from the Pyrenees Mountains
to the Mediterranean Sea. They traveled east along the sea
coast, passing through what would become the “French
Riviera,” Tuscany, then crossing the sea to Corsica and finally
established villages in the Sardinian coastal foothills.

The Nuraghic peoples, tribal bands from the Bronze
Age appeared in Sardinia - the Nuraghi people were named
for the stone towers commonly found throughout Sardinia.
The Phoenicians and Romans appeared with their armies and
occupied the Sardinian coasts and the southern lowlands.
Sardinians, who had originally settled the entire island of
Sardinia, were squeezed into the central hills.

Gianni Pes, a medical statistician, traced the personal
histories of 1,000 Sardinian centenarians. He personally did
physical examinations of 200 individuals.

While examining his data, he noticed an unusual

===== Screenshot (167) =====
 

concentration of male centenarians in mountainous Barbagia,
Sardinia in the administrative district of Ogliastra.

The word Barbagia, comes from the Latin “ Barbaria,”
land of the Barbarians. They had little or no interest in the
“Bvenifancient Sardinians knew of farming
“They carried on

tedium of farming.
techniques, it didn’t take,”
largely as hunter-gatherers and later as shepher ds.”
Like most Eendl nations, Sardinians, Buettner
“developed an intense wariness and distain for visitors.
Newcomers had always meant subjugation, exploitation, and
taxes. So they turned inward, developing an intense dedication
to their families and community and earning a reputation for
toughness. One Barbagia prov erb said it all about foreigners:
Furat chie benit dae su mare (He who comes from the sea is

Francalacci said.

Says,

here to steal).”

In one particular Sardinian village,
centenarians out of a population of 2,500 - one out of 357!

Dr. Michael Poulain, a Belgian demographer created
the Extreme Longevity Index, an index that codified the birth
and death data of all centenarians born between 1880 and
1900. He focused on areas that had the greatest numbers of
documented centenarians and circled them on maps with
blue ink which resulted in the use of the term “Blue Zone” to
indicate longevity sites throughout the world.

The Blue Zone sites in particular showed extreme
longevity in men. Typically women centenarians are recorded
rate 400% than men, in Barbagia,
Sardinia, the rate was one to one!

Statistically, male longevity is the story in Sardinia! In
the Sardinian Blue Zone, 47 men and 44 women have made
it past their 100th year out of 17,865 born between 1880 and
1900 - a rate of 100 year olds that surpasses America’s rate by
a factor of 30!

he found seven

at a greater however,

As time passed in Sardinia, the native Sardinians
developed their own unique culture and environment. Many
villages retained their pre-Roman names. “In this region,”

says Francalacci, “the names of the Sardinian villages such as
Ollolai, Illorai, Irgoli, Ittiri, Orune, to name a few, sound very
exotic to a continental Italian ear like mine.”

Nurra,a region north of Alghero, is thought by linguists
to be derived from the word nur, which translates to “a heap
of stones” in the Nuraghian language. The Bronze Age towers
that are commonly found scattered throughout Sardinia are
referred to as nuraghi.

The early Sardinians, did not hold on to their ancient
Nuraghic dialect, because the Romans had occupied them
over sufficient time, they learned to speak Latin. “It suggests
that the Sardinians’ lifestyle in the Blue Zone hasn’t changed
much since the time of Christ,” Francalacci said.

Francalacci continued, “The laws of evolution dictate
that a species will not evolve in a comfortable, isolated
environment where reproduction is easy. By contrast, a
species will evolve quickly in a tough environment where
individuals of different backgrounds and conditions interact.
Similarly, in a place like the Sardinian Blue Zone, there is less
pressure to adapt (and change). The people there maintained
not only their pure genetic features, but also their economic
isolation and traditional social values, such as the respect for
elders as a source of experience, the importance of the family
clan, and the presence of unwritten laws - all of which proved
to be effective means for avoiding foreign domination over
the centuries.”

Prior to 1950, “Sardinia had looked more like a
backwater than a centenarian’s Shangri-La. Poor hygiene,
poor water quality, and a scarcity of water led to rampant
infectious diseases. Dysentery, plague, tuberculosis, malaria,
and diarrhea killed many young Sardinians. As English
traveler William Henry Smyth wrote in his 1828 Sketch of
the Present State of the Island of Sardinia, ‘it is surprising that
with such inconvenient residences, and uncleanly habits, the
natives should remain so generally healthy as they do.”

As D. H. Lawrence traveled through Sardinia in 1921

===== Screenshot (168) =====
 

A

in search of a simple lifestyle, he embraced Barbagia. “Here,
since endless centuries, man has tamed the impossible
mountainside into terraces, he has quarried the rock, he has
fed his sheep among the thin woods, he has cut his boughs and
burnt his charcoal, he has been half domesticated even among
the wild fastnesses. This is what is so attractive...Life is so
primitive, so pagan, so strangely heathen and half savage.”

Dr. Gianni, Blue Zone demographer, said, “Consider,
for instance, the genes of inflammation. We studied several
tens of gene variants related to inflammation but we didn’t
find any evidence of their role in survival of Sardinians.
The same for genes related to cancer, and those related to
cardiovascular disease. I suspect that the characteristics of
the environment, the lifestyle, and the food are by far more
important for a healthy life.”

Villages in the center of Sardinia’s Blue Zone (Fonni,
Gavoi, Villagrande Strisali, Talana, and Arzana) around the
Gennargentu Mountains have progressed over the centuries
from small collections of shepherd huts into modern
communities that are home to thousands of people.

The traditional Sardinian diet consists of fava beans,
eggs, pecorino cheese, sheep and goat cheese, vegetables
potatoes,
eggplant, etc.), bread, pasta, almonds, raisins, minestrone
soup, olive and mastic oil and boiled meat (goat meat, roast
lamb, ham, chicken, etc.) - adults drink a liter of Sardinian
flavonoid and resveratrol rich red Cannonau wine every day.

(squash, zucchini, onions, olives, tomatoes,

Fish is not commonly found in their diet. The Sardinians cook
and heat their homes with wood stoves, the resultant wood
ashes are then mixed with plant debris, kitchen waste and
animal manure to create a compost, that is then mixed into
the gardens and terraces as a fertilizer.


Campodimele

Campodimele is known as Europe's “village of Eternal
Youth.” Campodimele, translates to “meadow of honey,” is
an isolated hilltop village that sits halfway between Rome
and Naples in the south of Italy.

It is said that it is a rare thing for a villager to die before
their 85th birthday, many reach their nineties, and is not
unusual for them to pass the age of 100 years without ever
having to visit a doctor.

The 1995 census revealed that there was forty-eight 90
year-olds, three 99-year-olds and a centenarian of 104 in the
population of 840.

The village is a rat warren of cobblestone streets and
stone houses surrounded by plantings of grapes, herbs, chili
peppers and protected by a medieval wall. Outside the walls
are planted with olive groves, orchards and groves of fruit
and nut trees and terraces dense with vegetables and grain.
The meadows beyond are used to graze cattle, pigs, goats and
sheep. Red and white wines are daily staples.

Meals are based on whole grain breads and pasta, beans,
fruit, olive oil, garlic, onions, tomatoes, Porcini mushrooms,
eggplant, meat, eggs, snails, goat cheese, butter, arugula,
lettuce and wine.

===== Screenshot (169) =====
24 : ;

Campodimele Recipes* Gnocchi with Porcini Mushrooms

5 oz gnocchi

Pasta and Bean Soup 1-2 Tblsp extra-virgin olive oil.
11/2 oz dried porcini mushrooms, soaked in a small
1-2 cloves garlic, chopped small amount of warm water.
3 tomatoes, chopped small 1 pinch thyme
2 Tblsp extra-virgin olive oil 1-2 cloves garlic, chopped small
5 cups pork or vegetable stock Gealcalt
| cup beans (fagioloi or cannelloni beans, presoaked or 2 tsp parsley, chopped
canned) 1 small pinch ground chili pepper
1 pinch chili pepper 2 Tblsp, Parmesan or goat’s cheese
4 oz pork, small pieces
4 oz fettuccine, break into short strips 1. Put on a pan of water to boil for the gnocchi. Meanwhile
2 Tblsp Parmesan, grated heat the olive oil and add the porcini mushrooms with a
Basil leaves pinch of thyme. Cook for a minute, then add the garlic and

a pinch of salt. Cook for an additional 2-3 minutes, then,
1. Cook the garlic and tomatoes gently in the olive oil, with lid __ add the parsley anda pinch of chili pepper, stir for a minute
on to retain moisture. and remove from the heat.

nN

. Add the stock, then the beans, and a pinch of chili pepper. 2, When the pan of water is boiling, add the gnocchi and cook
Put in the raw meat and simmer until the beans are cooked. for a couple of minutes until they float.
If using uncooked beans, cook for 45 minutes to 1 hour, .

add more liquid if necessary. If using canned beans, add 3, Drain gnocchi and serve with the mushroom sauce, a small

 

them to step 3 when the pasta is almost ready. amount of cheese, and an extra dribble of olive oil. Serves 1.
3. Add the fettuccini and cook until it is done (al dente),

following the cooking time on the package. Mixed Salad with Sesame Seeds
4. Serve with a drizzle of olive oil and the grated cheese. 4 oz green beans

Garnish with basil leaves. Serves 2. 4 oz broccoli

1 bunch lettuce (romaine, butter lettuce, bibb lettuce,
arugula, wild organic greens, etc.)

10 black olives

4 oz feta cheese

Sesame seeds**

===== Screenshot (170) =====
 


 

Dressing

1 tsp mustard

| tsp vinegar (balsamic, white wine, or apple cider)
1 clove garlic, chopped

2 Tblsp extra-virgin olive oil

Sea salt and freshly ground pepper

1. Make the dressing by shaking the mustard with the vinegar
to dissolve it, then add the garlic and olive oil. Add salt and
pepper to taste.

nN

_Cut the beans and broccoli into bite-sized pieces and steam
for only 3 to 4 minutes, so they remain crunchy.

. Mix the greens together and add the black olives. Crumble
in the feta cheese.

ow

4. Gently roast the sesame seeds for a few minutes in a dry
sauce pan Over low heat, stir to prevent burning.

J

. Pour the dressing over the salad, and then immediately add

the sesame seeds. Toss and serve. Serves 2.

Fettuccine with Asparagus

J

oz (1 bunch) asparagus (thin/ baby)
oz fettuccine

[blsp extra-virgin olive oil

clove garlic, chopped small

NrRN™N

-3 Tblsp parmesan cheese
Sea salt and freshly ground pepper

1. Steam the asparagus for 5-10 minutes, until tender but stil
reasonably firm. At the same time boil the pasta.


 

2. Heat the olive oil with the garlic, toss together with the
asparagus.

3. Serve the asparagus with the fettuccine, with some parmesan
grated on the top. Add salt and pepper to taste. Serves 2.

 

*Sally Beare: 50 Secrets of the World's Longest Living People. 2006.
** This is not part of the original Campodimele recipe.

Symi

The classical Mediterranean diet is legendary for its
health benefits and the Greek island of Symi is a well known
success story - “may you live to be one hundred and more.”
According to Sally Beare, “Even when they are old, Symiots
are young - men in their seventies and eighties, are well toned
and vigorous, flirt openly with any woman who catches their
eye, which is hardly surprising , as the women on Symi are
also well toned and vigorous, with beautiful skin and hair.”

Up into their nineties, men and women are still working
their herds and flocks, collecting herbs, fermenting yogurt and
working their gardens. The population on the island of Symi
is only 2,700. Epidemiologists have recorded that Symi has
the best health record and highest longevity for the region.
Experts believe that the most important piece of the Symiot
health and longeviy secret is their diet and their very unique
cooking style.

The Symiot diet consists of fish, olive oil, tomato sauces,
goat's cheese, Greek yogurt, red meat, vegetables, salads, fruit
and red wine.

Vegetables include artichokes, green beans, stuffed
grape leaves, potatoes and Greek salads (add olive oil, lemon,

===== Screenshot (171) =====
 

herbs and garlic). Symiot fruit include figs, pomegranate and
grapes.

The Symiots eat garlic with just about everything -
tsatsiki (a yogurt dish), fish, Greek salads, meat dishes, and
vegetables are all impregnanted with the “stinking rose.”

Capers are a classical ingredient in the Symiot version
of the Greek salad. The zingy taste of capers adds zest to the
salads, rabbit and fish dishes. Capers, eaten with the stalk and
leaves are believed to encourage longevity.

Agapios Monachos, a Cretan monk wrote of the
caper in the 15th century, “It cures the spleen, destroys the
vermin, heals the hemorrhoids, increases the vitality of the
sperm, cures liver ailments and cramps, mobilizes the urinary
bladder, facilitates menstruation, and prevents rheumatism,”
and he recommended starting each meal with a single caper.

Thyme bushes are scattered all over the hillsides of
Symi; sage basil, peppermint and spearmint are grown as
potted plants at the front door and windows. Thyme is used
with ham and as a preservative for fruit.

Marjoram goes into Greek salads and marinades;
rosemary is steeped in wine, olive oil and mint and is used to
flavor cheese and lamb dishes.

Fresh whole grain wheat bread is a dietary staple, it is
typically dipped in olive oil and is eaten with goat cheese, soups,
stews, fish, and salads or eaten by itself as a breakfast dish.

Symiots prepare soups with beans, tomatoes, garlic,
herbs, and lamb. Organ meats, rabbit, goat and lamb are
commonly used in stews or roasted with garlic and herbs
including rosemary.

Feta cheese produced from ewe’s milk and live yogurt
are commonly eaten in Symi.

Meals in Symi are laced with red or white wines, 0uzo,
raki and retsina. Retsina is flavored with pine resin to create a
zesty and hardy dinner wine.


 

Symi Recipes*

Rustic Bread with Olive Oil and Sesame Seeds*

Approximately 1 Tblsp yeast

4 fluid oz tepid water

5 cups whole-wheat flour (or other whole grain flour)
2 tsp sea salt

2 Tblsp extra-virgin olive oil

1-2 tsp sesame seeds

1. Dissolve the yeast in 1 cup of tepid water

2. Mix the flour and salt together and put ina pile on a clean,

dry surface. Make a well in the middle and add the dissolved
yeast water, a small quantity at a time. Each time the yeast
water is added, swirl the yeast into the flour, using circular
movements until the yeast is totally mixed in.

3. Keep adding water and mixing together until you have a
oO J

moist dough. Knead the dough for five minutes until it
is springy - the Symiots claim that, when done, it should
feel “like a woman’s breast.” If the dough is too dry or too
sticky, you can add more water or flour as required.

4. While kneading the dough, add the olive oil one tsp at a

time.

5. Shape the dough into a round shape and place on a baking

sheet. Score the top with a knife - this helps it to rise.
Cover with a dishtowel and set aside in a warm place for
40 minutes to 1 hour, until it is approximately double its
original side.

===== Screenshot (172) =====
 


 

6. Remove the loaf from the sheet, punch the air out of it, and
knead for a few minutes. Reshape into a loaf and allow it to
rise a second time for 20-30 minutes.

Sprinkle the top of the loaf with sesame seeds, and bake
at 435 degrees F for about 25 minutes until brown on the

NI

outside.

8 Serve warm with a small bowl of extra-virgin olive oil for
dipping.

*Sally Beare: 50 Secrets of the World’s Longest Living People.

Fish Soup*

 

Fish stock: Fish for boiling, including the heads and bones
(turbot, halibut, or monkfish heads and bones are preferred).

5 cups of water

1 medium onion

2 ribs of celery

1-2 carrots

2 bay leaves

6 peppercorns

A few stalks of flat-leaved parsley
1 tsp sea salt

For the soup:

2 Tblsp extra-virgin olive oil
| medium onion, chopped
2-3 cloves garlic, chopped

ry

3 stalks fennel, chopped small

1 pound of fish for boiling, filleted (fresh sardines or

monkfish).


 

N

Oo

ol

2 cups of white wine

2 large tomatoes, chopped small

1 Tblsp tomato paste

Juice of 2 lemons

Sea salt and freshly ground pepper

1 large pinch of saffron

1-2 large potatoes, peeled and sliced thick
A few sprigs of parsley

. For the fish stock, put all of the ingredients together in

a large pan of water, and boil for about 1 hour, until the
liquid is reduced by half. Strain, throw out the solids, and
keep the liquids.

. To make the soup, heat the oil gently in a heavy-based pan,

and sweat the onions (cook them gently with the lid on, so
that they stay moist in their own juice), garlic, and fennel
- keeping the heat low. Add a spoonful of the fish stock.

. Put in half of the fish and stir it around in the vegetables.

_ Add the wine, turn the heat up, and cook for about 10

minutes, or until the wine has reduced by half.

Add the tomatoes, tomato paste, and lemon juice, and
continue cooking for several minutes.

Cover with the fish stock and simmer for about 20-30
minutes, until the liquid has reduced by half.

Taste and add salt, pepper, and more lemon if desired.

. Add a large pinch of saffron.

_ Put in the sliced potatoes and the rest of the fish, and cook

for approximately 10 minutes.

===== Screenshot (173) =====
 


10. Garnish with parsley and serve. Serves 3.

 

*Sally Beare: 50 Secretes of the World’s Longest Living People.

Baked Fish in Wine

 

1 large fish for baking (use one whole fish such as
salmon, trout, or small monkfish).

Sea salt and freshly ground pepper

2-3 Tblsp parsley, chopped

1-2 large cloves garlic, chopped

1 lemon

5-6 red tomatoes (ripe)

2 medium onions, sliced

1 green pepper, 1 red pepper, 1 yellow pepper, cut into
strips

1 cup extra-virgin olive oil

1 large glass white wine

1. Clean and wash the fish

N

Puta little salt on both sides of the fish, stuff the belly cavity
with the parsley and garlic, and squeeze the lemon over the
fish. Refrigerate for 1 hour.

oo

. Put half of the tomatoes, onions, and peppers in a small
baking dish in a single layer, put the fish on top, then make
a second layer of the vegetables on top of the fish. Pour the
oil over it.

4. Bake at 400 degrees F for 15 minutes, then baste the mixture

with the juices. Add the wine, and bake for another 15
minutes. Serves 2-3.

 

*Sally Beare: 50 Secrets of the World's Longest Living people.


 

The Georgians

The Georgians, as well as the Abkhazians, Azerbaijanis
and Armanians are found at the timber line of the Caucasus
Mountains which have peaks of 12,434 to 13,274 feet above
sea level.

They live in simple stone houses without electricity,
their blood pressure is typically 104/72 at age 100; women
continue to have children after age 52, they typically drink
an eight ounce glass of vodka or “applejack” with breakfast
and have a large glass of red wine with lunch and dinner.
Almost all of the “old people” are from rural backgrounds or
occupations such as farmers, shepherds and/or hunters.

This group of centenarians, from the Caucasus
Mountains, are found between the coasts of the Black Sea
and the Caspian Sea, and mountain villages at or above 4,500
feet above sea level. This region supports over 500,000 people
4,500 to 5,000 of whom are reported to be over 100 years of age.
They make up more than 25% of the regions centenarians.

The oldest known person from the Caucasus region
was identified in 1973 as Shirali Mislimov - at age 167 he still
worked in the village tea plantation in the small Azerbaijani
village of Barzavu on the Iranian border.

Those in the Caucasus region believe that those
individuals under 80 years of age are still considered a youth;
from 80 to 100 years one is considered middle age and only
those over 100 years of age can be considered a senior.

The strength and vigor of the peoples of the Caucasus
region are so legendary, that in the mid-eighteenth century
Johann Blumenbach used their region’s name to represent all
of the “white” peoples of Europe - Caucasians.

Many married couples claim to be married for over 100
years, although the Guiness World book of records says that
80 years of marriage is the official record.

===== Screenshot (174) =====

 

In a study that looked at 15,000 individuals over the
age of 100, only the married individuals attained advanced
age and still have an active sex life after the age of 100 years.

Mejid Agayev celebrated his 140th birthday February
12,1975. Agayev was the oldest living citizen in the Azerbaijani
village of Tikyaband that bragged of having 54 people over
the age of 100 years.

Work delegated to centenarians included weeding
fields, feeding livestock, shepherds, picking tea, washing
laundry, house work, cooking and baby sitting.

Women over 100 years of age had an average of 4to 15
children during their child bearing years.

The staple diet of the Caucasus region includes chicken,
mutton, beef, goatmilk, cheese, butter, yogurt, bread, tomatoes,
cucumbers, green onions, garlic, fruit, pita bread, boiled corn
meal mush (abusta), red pepper, tea, red wine and salt. The
total caloric intake per person ranges from 1,500 to 1,900 - 70%
from vegetables and dairy products, a small daily portion of
meat and most food is eaten raw or boiled - nothing is fried.

The terraced fields and gardens have been irrigated
with a highly mineralized “Glacial Milk” and fertilized witha
wood ash (from heating and cooking fires) enriched compost
for over 2,500 years.

The Indians of North America,
Mexico, Central & South America

The Indians of North America, Mexico, South America
and Central America share a common history and similar
cultural evolutions.

They had trade routes reaching from what would
become Canada, the United States, Mexico, Central America
and South America. They traded salt, cacao, dried fish, meat,

N
oO


 

grain, quetzal feathers, pyrite (for fire starters), tools, jewelry,
obsidian and jade.

Central to this transcontinental trade was a pre-Columbian city state known as Takalik Abaj. Takalik Abaj,
located near the western coast, of what is now Guatemala,
was a hub for trade, information and goods.

Archeological evidence points to Takalik Abaj being
ruled by the Olmec culture (known as the “rubber” people
and the traders of cacao) and then the last Mayan King.

In almost every Indian culture, there was and in many
cases, there still are, clusters of long lived people living as
they did hundreds or even thousands of years ago.

Like all long lived people, these seemingly primitive
tribes, through the accident of choices of where to live and
what and how to eat produced healthful centenarians.

In all cases these cultures have daily practices that
provide Calorie Restricted diets without malnutrition and
have discovered some form of highly efficient antioxidants.

“Culinary” ashes were used by pre-Columbian Indians.
In the 13th century, the use of culinary ashes was identified
from the analysis of the contents of garbage dumps in North
America and reported by anthropologists.

In 1588, Thomas Harriat (1560-1621), tutor to Sir Walter
Raleigh, was appointed “geographer” for his second Virginia
expedition - he soon published in Hakluyt’s Voyages on North
Carolina Indians and how they raised corn. He described
mountain spinach five foot high and how the Indians made
a “fine broth from the seeds, and from the stalks of the herb,
they produced a kind of “salt” by burning it to ashes, they then
season their broth with it. This is the only “salt” they know,
and they enrich their fields by burning weeds after drying in
the sun. This they (unknowingly) do to save them selves the
labor of carrying it away, rather to enrich better the ground.”

===== Screenshot (175) =====
en

The Navajo

The diets of the Navajo Indians have changed
significantly since the pre-Columbian times. Archeological
data suggests that their early diet, was the standard fare of
hunter gatherers and consisted only of indigenous plants and
wild game until A.D. 1200, when a northern Athabaskan tribe
of Navajos migrated to the southwest and learned farming
from the Pueblo Indians.

Corn, laced with “culinary” ashes, became a staple
in the Navajo diet. Two centuries later, the Spanish brought
sheep and cattle, and the Navajo became shepherds.

Today the Navajo Nation numbers more than 151,000
and is the largest Native American tribe. In recent decades,
many processed foods have been introduced into the Navajo
diet as a result of government rationing, food distribution
programs and the growth of trading posts and food stores,
yet the tradition of “culinary” ashes being added to their food
remains in the more rural areas.

Juniper ash proves to bea good source of dietary calcium,
iron and a moderate source of magnesium. One teaspoon of
juniper ash provides the equivalent calcium levels found in one
cup of milk; it supplies 28% of the RDA for iron and nine percent
of the RDA for magnesium. The woody branches contain more
calcium and silica, whereas the twigs and needles (the growth
part of the tree) contained the highest levels of trace minerals.

Typical Navajo recipe that includes “culinary ashes”:

Shaped Corn Griddle Cakes

 

Mix one cup juniper ashes with water and strain
through a grass brush into basin of corn flour, using about
three and one half cups of the liquid. Add one half cup clear


 

water to this greenish dough and knead until thick. Shape
with moist hands into round cakes less than an inch thick and
four inches in diameter. Bake on a fry griddle, rubbing it (the
griddle) with a cloth between bakings, and moisten cakes on
both sides when done.

Even today, the corn based foods of the Navajo contain
“culinary” ash, which is mixed with boiling water and added
after straining, to the blue corn flour “to make it blue.” Blue corn
contains an anthocyanin pigment that turns a distinct greenish-blue color in the alkaline medium created by the addition of
wood ash. The wood ash was also used daily to make a “tea”
and was used medicinally for stomach and intestinal ailments.

Of the three major types of plants used to make
culinary ashes listed in the Navajo culture, juniper (Juniperus
monosperma), commonly called cedar is used most frequently.
The small branches and needles are most favorably used as
they produce the finest particle ash (minerals that are left
when the wood and needles are burned).

Green juniper branches are gathered, placed on a grill
or screen and set alight. The ash is colleted in a pan placed
underneath the grill. Juniper being absent, ash was also made
from dried tumbleweed or greasewood.

The three sources of “culinary” wood ashes were all
good sources of essential minerals. Iron concentration was
higher in the greasewood. Wood ash in general, although
variable in analysis, tends to be rich in potassium, calcium,
iron, copper, zinc, trace minerals and rare earths.

When wood ash was not available, a special traditional
clay wasmixed withsaltand/ or the Navajo food. Unfortunately
in the 1940s, urban Navajo cooks used electricity and gas to
cook and heat with and so began replacing “culinary” ashes
with the more available baking soda - thus began the transition
from the slim wood ash using Navajo shepherds to the obese
and diabetic baking soda using urban Navajo.

===== Screenshot (176) =====
 


 

An Average Mineral Analysis of Wood Ash (1926)

 

Mineral Percentage of Dry Weight
Potassium 16 - 40
Phosphoric acid 2
Calcium carbonate 32
2-5

Magnesium oxide

 

A Multiple Sample Analysis of Wood Ash (mg/G)

 

 

Mineral Amount
Calcium 271 - 307
Iron 2.2 - 3.7
Magnesium 16.5 - 46.5
Potassium 15-83
Copper 0.05 - 0.15

Zine 0.10 - 0.92

Sodium 1.0 - 13.9

Chromium (ug/G) 0.04 - 0.005

Phosphorus 7.3 -19.4
Silica 1.1 - 17.6
Aluminum 2.4 -7.4

(March 1998)

oO
N
NI


 

The Pima

The Pima Indians are a band of Native Americans who
live on the invisible border dividing the state of Arizona and
Mexico. The Pima band on both sides of the border are from
the identical genetic pool; yet the Pima Indians on the Mexican
side of the border have no almost no type II diabetes and have
only a ten percent obesity rate compared with the rate of 22%
diabetes and the 70% obesity in the Arizona Pima!

With a small population of 12,000 individuals, the
Arizona Pima ran up a $7 million annual Federal cost for
pharmaceutical treatments; additionally $3 million was spent
annually for dialysis charges for diabetic Pimas. As a result of
the epidemic rate of diabetes and obesity, the Arizona Pima
Indian's life span is shorter than the average American life
span by 15 to 19 years.

The Pima Indians from Arizona live in government
provided trailer homes that use natural gas or propane,
electric stoves and microwave ovens for cooking and heating
- they use automobiles, pickup trucks and tractors; and they
buy food and government Native American “commodities”
from the grocery store like every body else.

The Arizona Pima’ stransitionfromsubsistence farming,
wood stoves and their traditional diet to the American lifestyle
began in the 1940s, and by 1960, the epidemic of obesity and
type II diabetes, seemingly targeting the Arizona Pima had
started in earnest.

By contrast the Pima Indians living south of the Arizona
border, in Mexico, are still subsistence farmers, they still cook
and heat their traditional homes with wood and they are still
putting their wood ash byproduct of daily living into their
gardens and their corn tortillas.

===== Screenshot (177) =====

 

Trace Mineral Analysis of a Juniper Ash Sample (ppm)
Trace Mineral Analysis (continued)

 

 

Analyte Amount Analyte Amount Europium 0.010 Silver 0.045
Fluoride 0.29 Sodium 26.1

Aluminum 9.41 Mercury 0.006 Gadolinium 0.036 Strontium 2.44
Antimony 0.062 Molybdenum 0.041 Gallium 0.017 Sulfur 5.96
Arsenic < 0.01 Neodymium 0.048 Germanium 0.099 Tantalum 0.018
Barium 1.42 Nickel 0.078 Gold 0.021 Tellurium <0.01
Beryllium <0.005 Niobium < 0.01 Hafnium 0.028 Terbium < 0.01
Bismuth 0.011 Osmium < 0.005 Holmium 0.01 Thallium 0.011
Boron 0.759 Palladium < 0.005 Indium 0.02 Thorium < 0.005
Bromine 0.22 Phosphorus 8.69 Iodine 2.15 Thulium 0.023
Cadmium < 0.005 Platinum < 0.005 Iridium < 0.005 Tin 0.009
Calcium 698.0 Potassium 536 Lanthanum <0.005 Titanium 0.486
Carbon 107.0 Praseodymium 0.048 Lead 0.016 Tungsten < 0.01
Cerium 0.064 Rhenium < 0.01 Lithium 0.036 Vanadium 0.085
Cesium 0.055 Rhodium < 0.051 Lutetium 0.013 Ytterbium 0.021
Chloride 620.0 Rubidium 0.121 Magnesium 1760.0 Yttrium 0.011
Chromium 0.011 Ruthenium 0.067 Manganese S212. Zinc 1.87
Cobalt 0.041 Samarium 0.055 Zirconium 0.028
Copper 0.258 Scandium 0.12
Dysprosium 0.029 Selenium 0.060

Erbium 2.11 Silica 67.9

===== Screenshot (178) =====
ee oo

Tarahumara

Another “Blue Zone” in the Western Hemisphere that is
considered to have a reputable longevity record is the hot, arid
Sierra Madre Mountains of northern Mexico. The areas most
famous residents are the Tarahumara Indians, iconic as the
world’s only “jogging nation.” Their tribal name, Tarahumara,
roughly translates to “foot runners,” and jogging is their main
mode of travel - “Run, don’t walk,” is their national motto.

The Tarahumara warriors and hunters are legendary
for trailing deer for two or three days until the deer collapses
from exhaustion or blindly falls over the edge of a cliff.

Foot races are the national pastime of the Tarahumara;
in 1928 two Tarahumara men, Jose Torres and Aurelio
Terrazas, participated in the Olympic marathon competition
held in Amsterdam - they lost first place by two minutes,
claiming they would have run faster if they had known the
race was so short.

Another Tarahumara sport is a kickball game that is
played on fields ranging in length from two to 12 miles and
can last from six hours to days.

The hostile climate and poor soil fertility make the
existence of the Tarahumara culture an “ecological marvel.”
Their main crops are corn, pumpkins and beans, plus goat
meat provide only a 1,200 to 1,800 calorie diet - they did
not speak Spanish; in 1970 their total population was only
40,000.

The Tarahumara love to celebrate and are famous also
for drinking and eating feasts called tutuguri. These events
are described by the National Geographic as “a cacophony of
chanting, fiddles, rattles, guitars, stomping dances, shouts,
raucous laughter, and howling dogs. Both men and women
dropped out of the dancing lines to drink corn beer (rarely
drank anything stronger) and soon were staggering about in


 

a stupor.” It is estimated that a minimum of 200 pounds of
corn are required by each family for the annual party.

Following the Jim Fixx running craze in America,
legends of the Tarahumara health and longevity prospered,
although, reliable records are few and far between.

The Vilcabamba

Ecuador's star-shaped “Sacred Valley of Longevity”
(Vilcabamba) is actually five valleys that converge and sit
between two Andean Mountains at 12,434 feet above sea
level. The western skyline of Vilcabamba is dominated by the
summit of Mandango, the tallest mountain whose glaciers
supply the mineral rich “Glacial Milk” that is used to irrigate
the terraced fields.

The “Glacial Milk” originating from the high peaks of
Podocarpus National Park pours into the Rio Yambala which
converges with the Chamba River, the waters of which are
also used for irrigation.

In 1971, a census revealed nine people over 100 years of
age for every 819 people or an astounding one centenarian per
100 people - this gave Vilcabamba a centenarian population
almost 400 times that of the United States. Vilcabamba has a
historical record of good health and longevity dating back to
the Incas, these claims are backed by religious (Roman Catholic
churches) and civil records dating back to the 18th century.

Popular interest in Vilcabamba was ignited in 1956
during a press conference in New York City when Javier
Pereira, age 167, was introduced by the syndicated newspaper
feature, Believe It or Not.

Miguel Carpio, at age 123, was the oldest living
Vilcabamban found at the census - he still smoked, drank red
wine and “chased women.”

===== Screenshot (179) =====

ae ED

The staple diet of the Vilcabamba Indian includes
corn, beans, goat meat, chicken, eggs, milk, cheese and a
soup, known as repe that is made from bananas, beans, white
cheese, salt and lard. Their average total calorie intake is 1,200
to 1,800 calories per day.

“Dr. Weston A. Price, (while working in the high
Andes of Peru) chanced to notice that each individual
carried a little bag, of which all seemed to be particularly
careful. Out of curiosity he looked into the bags and
discovered that they contained kelp. When he asked where
they had got kelp so far from the ocean, they said calmly
that they got it from the ocean. This surprised him since
it took a month to make the trip to and from the coast.
What did they use the kelp for? ‘To guard the heart, they
explained to him.””

D.C. Jarvis
Folk Medicine

The Titicaca

Gucilaso de la Vega, whose father was Spanish and
whose mother was an Inca princess, recorded (1609) the
legend of the beginnings of the Titicaca peoples:

“Our Father, the Sun, seeing that men lived like
wild animals, took pity on them, and sent to earth a son
and daughter of his, in order that they might teach man the
knowledge of our Father, the Sun, and that they might know
how to cultivate plants and grains and make use of the fruits

of the earth like men and not beasts. With these orders and
mandate, our Father the Sun placed his son and daughter in
Lake Titicaca.”

Thus as legend holds, the first Incas came to Earth on
an island in Lake Titicaca, to start what was to become the
most advanced civilization in pre-Columbian America.

Titicaca is found in the Andean highlands of Peru at
12,506 feet above seas level. The main city of Titicaca is Puno
(population 32,000); the people of the Altiplano (high Plains)
are divided into the pure Indians and the “mestizos” who are
a mix of Indian and Spanish.

The treeless hills that form the Altiplano surrounding
Lake Titicaca are covered with “pata pata,” the stone terraces
built by the Incas to provide level farming areas, and as
catchments for the mineral rich “Glacial Milk” from the great
Andean Mountain, Mt. Cardillera Real with which they
irrigated their crops.

Because of the extreme elevation of the Altiplano,
maize or Indian corn wouldn’t grow in the Titicaca region,
instead the Incas grew tubers never before seen by the Spanish;
“They supplement the lack of bread with some roots they
call “papas” (potatoes) and which produce under the earth,”
noted Father Acosta. When introduced into Europe by the
Spanish, the potato became more valuable than all the gold in
the world. The Inca also invented a freeze drying technique to
save harvested potatoes for the winter, described in 1609 by a
Spanish Friar:

“To keep potatoes from rotting, they leave them out
for many months to freeze. After they have been repeatedly
frozen, they tread gently on them, to press out the moisture
they contain. When they have been well squeezed, they
are placed in the sun until they are thoroughly dry. In this
manner, the potato keeps for a long time, and it changes its
name to chunci.”

===== Screenshot (180) =====

 

The original Indians of the Lake Titicaca region are
the Aymara; the Quechua, who still speak the language
of the Incas, were descendants of Inca slaves after the Inca
occupation in the 12th century.

The grinding of the massive glaciers of the Cordillera
Real, the towering Andean Mountain that reaches over 20,000
feet produces a mineral rich “Glacial Milk” that is used to
irrigate the terraced fields that the Titicaca grow their grains
and vegetables in and the wind up in Lake Titicaca itself.

When Francisco Pizarro arrived in 1532, the Inca
Empire was in the midst of a great civil war, making it easy
for a small band of Spaniards to conquer a kingdom of over
3,000 miles in length, reaching from Ecuador to Chile. In the
early days of the Inca culture, the word Inca referred only to
the king and not to a race or nation.

The ancient ancestors of the Titicaca worshipped many
gods; today they have settled on a patchwork of ancient gods
and Catholicism that was injected by the Spanish.

Lake Titicaca itself is over 3,200 square miles in surface
area, 122 miles long and 47 miles wide - when viewed from a
plane the outline of the lake looks like a jaguar ready to pounce
ona rabbit, thus the name Titicaca (translates to “Rock of the
Puma” or Jaguar). The effluent or Rio Desaquadero from Lake
Titicaca flows from the “head of the rabbit.”

The Incas used irrigation ditches to channel water
from the lake itself as well as from the “Glacial Milk” to water
and remineralize, along with the wood and animal manure
ash (plant minerals) enriched compost, their well manicured
terraces.

Like all Alpine habitats, the Lake Titicaca area has very
little variety when it comes to wildlife. Father Acosta noted in
his early writings that the lake held only two kinds of fish, a
large catfish and a minnow.

The catfish made up a major source of animal protein
for the local Indian tribes. In 1939, trout were released into
the lake and to no one’s great surprise, the trout flourished.


 

Within two years the Indians began landing lake trout
weighing more than 25 pounds - the highly mineralized
waters of Lake Titicaca produced a bounty beyond anyone’s
wildest dreams.

The Isla de Sol, the mythical birthplace of the Incas is
located 40 miles into Lake Titicaca. Manco Capac and Mama
Ocllo appeared approximately 1,100 A.D.

The Incas, much like the Romans, were at the same
time conquerors and lawmakers, engineers and very firm
taskmasters - “their totalitarian state was a benevolent
dictatorship.” Whenever the Incas conquered a culture, they
basically left it intact, requiring only a tax in the form of salt
and that the conquered people worship the Sun god. No one
went hungry or naked but nothing was left to free will.

When the first Aymaras came to Lake Titicaca, they
found other Indians, the Urus, already living on floating
islands made of Tartara reeds. “Whole villages of Urus, were
to be found on the lake living on their rafts of Tartara,” wrote
the Jesuit Father Jose’ de Acosta in 1590. The Uru still live long
healthy lives today and still refuse to give up their Tartara
islands.

The quinoa, a grain of Titicaca begins to ripen in late
April or May, it is used as Europeans use wheat; barley is also
grown. At 15,400 feet, the barley never ripens to seed heads so
the Indians use it for cattle feed. The Titicaca shepherds live
and work at 17,000 feet.

The Inca “Cattle” were in fact llamas or New World
camels that feed on moss and lichens.

“There is nothing in Peru of greater value and utility
than the cattle of the land, which our people call “sheep of the
Indies, but the Indian in their tongue call llama,” wrote Father
Acosta.

When the Spanish discovered the Maya in the 1500s,
they noted that everyone drank liquid chocolate.

The Incasalso built 10,000 miles of stone roads to provide
rapid communication around Lake Titicaca. Messengers were

===== Screenshot (181) =====

stationed every 1.5 miles and ran messages in relay, much like
a human pony express - these warriors could relay messages
over 150 miles per day. Inca nobles also used the roads to
reach the Isla del Sol to worship the Sun god.

The Costa Rican Nicoya

A Costa Rican man at age 60 has twice the chance of
reaching age 90 as does a man living in the United States,
France or even Japan. It is also known that when a Costa
Rican man reaches 90 years of age, he can expect with high
probability that he will live another 4.4 years.

Vital information of every person born in Costa Rica
has been collected since 1888, so conformation of age is quite
easy!

Costa Rica spends only 15% of what the United States
does on health care, yet its citizens live considerably longer
- longer and healthier lives than people in any other country
on Earth! Specifically the greatest concentration of Costa
Rican centenarians was found in a cluster of villages scattered
around the Nicoya Peninsula.

The Nicoya have a higher fertility rate than other
centenarian groups, they are taller, weighed less and had
slightly higher blood pressures, yet most smoke.

An examination of the life expectancy and mortality
rates showed that one region in the northwest of the country,
including the 80 mile long Nicoya Peninsula that was
significantly different from any other (in that area, people die
of cancer - particularly stomach cancer - at a rate 23% lower
than in the rest of Costa Rica).

Specifically the oldest of the old in the Nicoya Peninsula
were found only in the middle segment of the peninsula - they
were not found in any significant numbers in the southern or


 

northern segments or along the Pacific Coast.

The Nicoyan diet consists of corn, beans, cheese, pork,
eggs, lard, garden vegetables, yams, garlic, onions, nanpi’ anda
plethora of fruit (papaya, mango, chico zapote, oranges, lemon,
banana, jobo (Spondias), guayabo (Psidium guajava), caimito
(Chrysophyllum cainito), papaturro (Coccoloba), maranon and
anona), much of it grown in and around their yards.

The Chorotega Indians, the original inhabitants of the
Nicoya, thrived before the Spanish arrived in 1522. They lived
in simple thatched-hut communities ringed by vegetable
gardens, fruit trees, which then are ringed by milpas or fields
of corn and beans.

The Chorotega were subsistence farmers who
employed slash-and-burn agriculture, they grew maize and
many varieties of beans.

The corn is dried, then, soaked in water with wood ash
and lime; the corn is then ground, made into dough, patted
into tortillas and served with beans and squash.

A University of California Press report - Nicoya: A
Cultural Geography, dated 1958 and written by Philip Wagner,
an anthropologist, read:

“The day of the country people begins before sunrise,
when the women rise to prepare coffee. The family meets
about dawn to take its cup of black coffee, or coffee with milk,
heavily sweetened, and perhaps to eat a cold tortilla. The time
from dawn to eight o’clock is for chores and beginning the
day’s work. At eight there may be a complete breakfast with
rice and beans and eggs. In seasons of heavy work the men
take with them to the fields tortillas with gallo pinto (rice and
beans cooked in pork fat). Work may end on very hot days at
twelve, or at two in the afternoon. The workers come home
from the fields or the woods and wait about an hour for their
meal.

The midday meal often begins with a pot of soup
in which there are a few bits of meat, fat, boiled plantains,

===== Screenshot (182) =====

 

tisquisque or yucca, and perhaps a few greens. After the
soup come rice and beans, usually accompanied by fried
eggs (cooked in lard). On occasion there may also be some
vegetables: pipidin or ayote (Cucurbita moschata) or calabaza
(Lagenaria), cabbage, the flower of pinuela (Bromelia penguin)
or some other wild product. Meat sometimes appears on
even the poorest table, and there is usually cuajada, a milk
curd. Tortillas come with this meal and afterward the men sip
heavily sweetened black coffee, made from local berries or
from the mashed seeds of nanju (Hibiscus esculentus).

The evening meal is simpler, since the custom is to
spend the afternoon in idleness, and appetites are less hearty.
Rice and beans, tortillas, and perhaps eggs are served just at
dusk.”

The Costa Ricans take daily “sun-bathes” for 15 to 30
minutes each day by exposing their faces, arms and legs.

The Nicoyan water supply percolated up through the
Nicoya limestone bedrock and contains high levels of calcium,
magnesium and other minerals. “The water is so hard and
has such high levels of calcium and magnesium that it had
to be diluted by 50% with distilled water just so it could be
tested.”

Nicoyans typically cook on a wood-burning fogon, the
traditional Chorotega clay oven. The wood ashes are saved to
fertilize the garden and to add “culinary ashes” to the soaking
corn kernels to make tortillas.


Ne eee

“The Hunza soil is almost a manufactured soil.
Every solitary thing that can serve as food for vegetables,
field crops and fruit trees are diligently collected, stored
and distributed in rationed equality for every square
foot of the hundreds of terraces. Sunken compost pits are
conveniently located, and into them go ashes from cooking
and heating fires, inedible parts of vegetables, pulverized
animal bones, dead leaves, rotten wood and the collected
manure of animals.”

Dr. Allen E. Banik and
Renee Taylor
Hunza Land

“Glacial milk’ is the exclusive water source used for
drinking and irrigation purposes (the fields are flooded,
when the water soaks into the soil, a thick layer of mineral
silt or ‘rock flour’ is left on top of the soil-this silt is plowed
into the soil before it ts planted).”

John H. Tobe
HUNZA

“How is it that man can be such a magnificent
physical creature as the Hunza? These people are
long lived, vigorous in youth and age, capable of great
endurance and enjoy a remarkable freedom from disease
in general.”

Sir Robert McCarrison
The King’s Personal Physician (1920)

===== Screenshot (183) =====

 

“The serendipitous irrigation of their terraced
fields with the common denominator ofahighly mineralized
Glacial Milk and the fertilization of their fields with an
organic compost rich with the recycl led colloidal minerals
found in wood ashes from their heating and cooking fires
is the secret of the Hunza’s long and fruitful lives.”

Yr. Joel D. Wallach & Dr. Ma Lan
RARE EARTHS: forbidden cures

HUNZA

“Land of milk and honey.”

Doctors practicing in Hunza today have concluded that
the main cause of premature death amongst the Hunzakut
people is from accidents, from landslides or falls from the shear
rock walls. Infant mortality from infectious diseases have been
reported; however, the average individual surviving past one
year of age lives beyond the age of eighty, in exc ellent health
and significant numbers live into their nineties and past 100
years.

Alexander Leaf, “The Hunzakuts
eat an average of 1,900 calories daily, which are composed
36 grams of fat and 354 grams of

According to Dr.

of 50 grams of protein,
carbohydrates.”

Adding to their already Calorie Restricted diet was
the fact that by late spring of each year the Hunzakut’s
food reserves ran low, producing what they call “Starvation
Springtime.” Meals are reduced to a frequency of two to three
meals a week.

The original research into the secrets of the Hunza


 

health and longevity was done by Dr. Robert McCarrison,
personal physician to the King of England. His extensive
work was published in 1927.

During the 1890s, Robert McCarrison completed his
medical studies at Oxford University. In 1901 at the age of
23, he traveled to India, and became a regimental officer in
the Foreign Department in 1902. He was recognized for
identifying the sand fly as the carrier of the Three Day Fever

 

of Citral. In 1904, McCarrison was appointed to the post of
army surgeon to the nine villages of the Gilgit Agency, where
he served until 1911.

Soon after his appointment, McCarrison began to do
research on the endemic goiter that was common throughout
his post. Finding that eight villages had a goiter problem and
one did not, he was soon able to discover the relationship of

| goiter to an iodine deficiency.

McCarrisonrelated the remarkable healthand longevity
to the quality of the Hunza diet. A summary review of Hunza
was published in Studies in Deficiency Diseases (1921):

Myown experience provides an example ofa race unsurpassed
in perfection of physique and in freedom from disease in general,
whose sole food consists to this day of grains, vegetables and fruit
with a certain amount of milk, and butter, and goat's meat only on
feast days. I refer to the people of the state of Hunza, situated in the
extreme northernmost point of India...When the severe nature of
the winter in that part of the Himalayas (Karakorum) is considered,
and the fact that their housing accommodations and conservancy
arrangements are of the most primitive, it becomes obvious that the
enforced restriction to the unsophisticated food stuffs of nature is
compatible with long life, continued vigor, and perfect physique.

In his classic nutritional study McCarrison used 1,189
laboratory weanling rats which he divided into three diet
groups:

===== Screenshot (184) =====
 


 

Group 1 - These rats were fed a typical Hunza diet
of whole-grain chapattis, butter, legumes, raw carrots, raw
cabbage, whole milk, eggs, meat, water and they were exposed
to sunlight daily.

When the rats reached the age of 27 months (the
equivalent of 55 years in humans), they were killed and
examined: the rats were free of overt disease, there had not
been any early mortality; the rats were alert yet lived together
without aggression.

Group 2 - These rats were fed a typical “Bengali”
diet of white rice, legumes, vegetables, and spices. These
rats soon developed diseases of the lungs, nose, ears, eyes,
gastrointestinal tract, urinary system, reproductive system,
skin, blood, lymphatic system, nervous system and heart.
The Bengali fed rats also suffered from hair loss, muscular
weakness, ulcers, boils, tooth loss and they became agitated
and aggressive.

Group 3 - McCarrison fed his third group of rat pups a
typical working class English diet of white bread, margarine,
sugared tea, boiled vegetables, canned meat and cheap jams.
These rats developed “diseases of the lungs, diseases of the
stomach and intestines, and diseases of the nerves - diseases
from which one in every three sick persons among the
insured classes in England and Wales suffers. Additionally
these rats were nervous and apt to bite their attendants; they
lived unhappily together, and by the sixteenth day of the
experiment they began to kill and eat the weaker ones among
them.”

The story of the Hunza began 2,300 years ago with
Alexander the Great. Alexander was the first born son of King
Philip of Masedonia. Legend has said that “the night before
the consummation of Philip’s marriage with Olympias, she
dreamed that a thunderbolt fell upon her body and kindled


 

a great fire whose divided flames dispersed themselves all
about and were then extinguished.”

Philip dreamed “that he sealed up his wife’s body with
a seal whose impression was the figure of a lion.” Some of
the alchemists and diviners interpreted Philip’s dream as a
warning to “look narrowly to his wife.;” however, Aristander
of Telnessus assured Philip that the meaning of his dream
was “that the queen was with child of a boy, who would one
day prove as stout and courageous as a lion.”

Alexander was born on the sixth of Hecatombaeon,
which is called Lous by the Masedonians - the same day that
the Temple of Diana at Ephesus was burned to the ground.
The temple caught fire and was destroyed while its priestess
was assisting at the birth of Alexander. All of the diviners
in Ephesus ran to and fro beating their faces and predicting

\“that this day had brought forth something that would prove

destructive and fatal to all Asia.”
Following Philip’s military victory and occupation of
Potidea, “he received three messages simultaneously:

1) His commander Parmenio had overthrown the
Illyrians in a Great battle;

2) his race horse had won the course at the Olympic
Games;

3) and his wife Olympia had given birth to a son -
Alexander!”

Philip was overjoyed and he was assured by the
diviners “that a son whose birth coincided with three such
successes could not fail to be invincible.”

“Alexander was fair and of light color, passing into
ruddiness in his face and upon his breast.” From his early
childhood Alexander was energetic and eager, he displayed
a love of glory and pursued glory with an endless spirit. As a

===== Screenshot (185) =====

 

teenager, Alexander was very bold; when he was asked if he
would compete in the Olympic Games, he replied, “1 will if I
might have kings to run against!”

While still a boy, Alexander entertained visiting
rovalty in the stead of his father. The visitors included the
ambassadors of the king of Persia. Alexander asked, “What
is the nature of the road to inner Asia, the character of your
king, and how does he carry himself to his enemies? What
forces is he able to bring into the field?” His forwardness and
lofty purpose appeared early in his life and the visiting royalty
“looked upon Philip’s famed ability as nothing compared to
that of his son Alexander.”

Whenever Alexander heard that father had
conquered a town of importance or had won some notable
victory, instead of being happy, Alexander would tell his
companions, “father would anticipate everything and leave
him and them no opportunities of performing illustrious
actions.”

A Thessalian horse trader brought King Philip a
fiery war horse called Bucephalus, offering him at a price of
thirteen talents. When Philip and his party went into the field
to try him out, they found him so vicious and unmanageable
that he reared up when they mounted him and would not
so much as endure the voice of any of Philip’s grooms. They

his

were just about to lead Bucephalus away as totally useless
and intractable, when Alexander said, “I could manage this
horse, better than others do!”

“Do you reproach those who are older than yourself,
as if you knew more and were better able to manage him than
they? And what if you do not,” said Philip, “what will you
forfeit for your rashness?”

“1 will pay the whole price of the horse,”
Alexander.

replied

At this boy’s answer, the king’s entire company
began to roar with laughter. As soon as wagers were settled,
Alexander ran to Bucephalus, took hold of the bridle, and

 


 

turned him directly into the sun (Alexander had observed the
horse was shying from his own shadow).

Alexander let the horse move forward a little, still
keeping the reins in hand, he stroked him gently; when the
horse grew eager and fiery, “he let fall his upper garment
softly and with one nimble leap securely mounted him; when
he was seated, little by little he drew in the bridle and curbed
him without either striking or spurring him.

Presently, when he found him free from all
rebelliousness and only impatient for the course, he let him
go at full speed, inciting him with a commanding voice and
also urging with his heel.”

King Philip and his court looked on, first in silence,
then nervousness until, seeing him turn at the end of the
course and return rejoicing and waving in triumph - they all
burst into cheers and applause.

Philip, shedding tears of joy and pride, kissed
Alexander as the boy dismounted and said, “Oh, my son, look
for a kingdom equal to and worthy of thyself, for Macedonia
is too little for thee!”

Philip now looked upon the instruction of Alexander
to be of greater importance than to be entrusted to ordinary
masters of music, poetry and typical school subjects, and
to require as Sophocles stated, “The bridle and the rudder,
too.”

Philip sent for Aristotle, the most learned and most
celebrated Greek philosopher and scholar of his time. Philip
rewarded Aristotle with “a munificence proportionate with
the private tutelage of his son, prince Alexander.”

Aristotle taught Alexander his doctrine of morals and
politics, herbal medicine, alchemy and abstract and profound
theories only shared by philosophers amongst themselves.
Alexander as a student had a feverish inclination to practice
medicine; for whenever his friends were sick, he would
“prescribe healing diets and medication (herbs and minerals)
proper to their disease.”

===== Screenshot (186) =====

 

Alexander loved Aristotle no less than if he were his
own father, “as he had received life from one, so the other had
taught him to live well.”

While in Asia, Alexander heard that Aristotle had
publicly published several of the oral treatises normally
reserved for communications between great thinkers and he
was disturbed enough to write him a letter:

“ Alexander to Aristotle, greeting,

You have not done well to publish

your books of oral doctrines; for what is

there now that we excel in, if those

things which we have been particularly
instructed in be laid open to all? For

my part, I assure you, I had rather excel

in the knowledge, of what is excellent,

than in the extent of my power and dominion,

Farewell!”

Later, while King Philip was absent on his extended
expedition against the Byzantines, he left Alexander, now
only 16 years old, “as his lieutenant in Macedonia committing
the charge of his seal to him.”

Alexander refused to sit idling away the time, so he
declared war on the Maedi and reduced them to slaves after
conquering their capital city by storm - not too surprising,
Alexander renamed the conquered city Alexandropolis!

During the battle of Chaeronea, which Philip fought
against the Greeks, Alexander was the first man in the charge
against the fierce and sacred Thebams guards near the
Cephisus River.

Despite King Philip’s pride and love for his brave son,

 


 

they soon became enemies. The straw that broke the camel’s
back was the marriage of King Philip to Cleopatra, the child
queen of Egypt. When Cleopatra’s uncle Attalus, toasted the
marriage and asked the gods for “a lawful successor to the
kingdom,” Alexander became furious and threw a cup at him
shouting, “you villain; what am I then a bastard?” Philip,
took to Attalus’ defense, rose up from his bride’s side and
would have run Alexander through with a sword but in his
drunken rage he slipped and fell to the floor. Being the young
cock, Alexander couldn’t resist mocking his father, “see there,
the man who makes preparations to pass out of Europe into
Asia, overturned in passing from one seat to another.” Philip
and Alexander were soon reconciled by Demaratus, a family
friend.

The marriage between Philip and Cleopatra was not
an affair of the heart or the product of lust for a flat-chested
gangly pre-teenage girl, but rather a political treaty between
Macedonia and Egypt - the Macedonians wanted and got
exclusive rights to the highly mineralized wheat from the Nile
flood plains, wheat that was legendary in providing strength
and stamina to the armies that ate it - Macedonia needed this
Egyptian wheat to support its armies for the coming invasion
of Asia! The Egyptians wanted and got a peace treaty from
the Macedonians exempting them from participating in the
war with Asia and protection by the Macedonians from the
Asian hordes. It was a marriage made at the bargain table.

However, the father and son reconciliation was short-lived. Pixodorus, viceroy of Caria, sent an emissary to make a
matchbetweenhisoldestdaughterand Philip’sson Arrhidaeus.
Alexander’s contemporaries and friends convinced him that
Philip, by a political marriage and important alliance was
going to transfer the Macedonian Kingdom to his brother
Arrhidaeus.

Alexander, out of alarm, sent Thessalus as his own
representative into Caria to urge Pixodorus to change his mind
and offer his daughter into marriage to Alexander himself, so

===== Screenshot (187) =====
that Alexander might be his son-in-law. Pixodorus responded
that Alexander’s offer was much more favorable to him.

Philip, enraged at Alexander's offer, “chastised
Alexander bitterly” for being unworthy of the power he was
to inherit, as to marry a low Carian, who at best was a slave of
a barbarous prince. Philip further wrote to the Corinthians to
send Thessalus (Alexander’s messenger) to him in chains; he
also banished Alexander’s closest friends for their part in the
intrigue.

Soon after these terrible events, a Macedonian named
Pausanias was stripped of his post and properties in Egypt
by Cleopatra and her uncle Attalus. Pausanias, unable to get
the decision overturned and himself reinstated by Philip,
became enraged and assassinated Philip. The guilt for the
murder of Philip was laid at the feet of Alexander's mother,
Olympias, who was reported to have incited young Pausanias
to revenge.

Some accusing fingers also pointed to Alexander,
however, these suspicions were dispelled after he captured
Pausanias and his conspirators and had them summarily
executed. Alexander was now 20 years old.

Alexander inherited a troubled Macedonia, besieged
on all sides with restless and dangerous enemies. The
barbarians that had been conquered by Philip’s armies were
anxious to be governed by their own princes. Philip had also
been victorious over the Greeks, however, he hadn’t had time
to consolidate his battlefield gains and win them over to the
Macedonian law and culture all he had conquered before
being assassinated.

Alexander’s response was to declare war and he
immediately invaded the heart of the barbarian territory as
far east as the Danube River, conquering and overthrowing
Syrmus, the king of the Tribillians.

The Tribillians revolted and became allies with the
Athenians against Alexander. Alexander ordered his armies
into a forced march through the pass of Thermopylae; he sent

the following message to the Greek Demosthenes, “You called
me a child when I was in the country of the Tribillians and a
youth when I was in Thessaly - I will appear as a man before
the walls of Athens.”

When Alexander arrived at the walls of Thebes he only
demanded the authors of the rebellion - Phoenix and Prothytes
and declared a general amnesty to all who would submit to
Macedonian law. The Thebans responded by demanding
Philotas Antipater be surrendered to them and invited the
Macedonian army to become Greeks. Alexander and his
army immediately fell on Athens, sacked the city and burned
it to the ground; then to terrify the people of Greece into
submission he publicly executed 6,000 of the Theban leaders
and sold 30,000 of the lesser members of the Athenian Court
into slavery - only the priests and those who had historically

| been friends of the Macedonians were spared.

The ambassadors of Greece assembled at the Isthmus
and voted to join their armies with Alexander’s in his march
against the Persians and to prove their allegiance, they voted
Alexander their general of the allied armies.

Alexander’s armies were actually the smaller of the
forces in the alliance - he commanded 30,000 foot soldiers and
4,000 cavalry. After gaining a positive “You will be victorious”
from the head priests of Athens, Alexander marched northeast
towards Persia (Iran).

Darius, the great warlord king of Persia, had his
armies camped at the eastern banks of the Granicus River -
the Gateway to Asia. It seemed that Alexander would have
to fight at the very entrance to Asia when he reached the
western banks of the river in the evening. Parmenio, military
advisor to Alexander urged him to wait until morning as dark
was but moments away. Alexander immediately spurred his
horse into the river and called his army to him:

“They advanced against whole showers of darts thrown
from atop the almost sheer eastern bank. Despite his lack of

===== Screenshot (188) =====

 

prudence Alexander prevailed, he and 13 troops of cavalry
gained the top of the bank where they engaged in hand to
hand combat.

Alexander, easily recognized, was attacked from all
sides, his cuirass was pierced by ajavelin. Two Persion officers,
Rhoesaces and Spithridates set on him at once, he dodged them
and broke his spear striking at Rhoesaces so that he was forced
to defend himself with a dagger; while engaged in this hand-to-hand combat, the other Persian officer, Spithridates rode
his horse full tilt at Alexander and struck him such a blow on
the helmet with his battle axe that he sheared off the plumed
crest and the edge of the blade clipped off a large shock of
blond hair. As Spithridates raised up in his stirrups to deliver
a second and probably fatal blow, Alexander’s lieutenant - the
Black Clitus, pierced the Persian’s body through and through
with his spear at the same time as Alexander killed Rhoesaces
with his dagger.”

While the advance cavalry were engaged in the
dangerous hand to hand combat, the Macedonian foot soldiers
crossed the river and forming a great pincher advanced into
the battle. When the Persian advance force turned and fled,
they left 20,000 foot soldiers and 2,500 cavalry of their own
dead on the river bank. Alexander had lost only 34, of whom
five were foot soldiers and the balance cavalry.

The overwhelming victory at the Granicus River
resulted in the surrender of Sardis, the capital of the Persian
Maritime province as well as hundreds of other small towns
and villages. Only the two cities of Halicarniossus and Miletus
held out; Alexander destroyed them by force.

While Alexander was deciding what route to take into:

the heart of Persia, an ancient copper plate was washed up
on the flooded banks of a spring near the city of Xanthus in
Lycia. The inscription on the plate’s edge stated, “the time
will come when the Persian Empire would be destroyed by
the Greecians.” Enthused by this finding, Alexander took his


 

armies to destroy Cilicia and Phoenicia and then along the
seacoast to Pamphyia; normally this coastline was rugged and
pounded by great waves and surf, but an unusually low low-tide allowed Alexander and his armies a speedy unhampered
passage.

Alexander conquered the Pisidians and the Phrygians
at their capital of Gordium, the home of the ancient Midas.
Alexander came across the fabled chariot fastened to a pillar
by braided cords made from a cherry tree. The legend stated,
“Whosoever should untie this, for him was reserved the
empire of the world.” Alexander, unable to untie the knot, cut
it through with his sword. He then advanced to Pophiagornia
and Cappadocia, both of which he destroyed.

When Darius, king of Persia, heard that Memnon, his
finest officer along with thousands of cavalry was killed in the
battles, he decided to carry on the war with the Macedonians
in the upper mountainous provinces of Asia. Darius
marched from Susa very confident, number one because of
his superiority of numbers which totaled 600,000 men and
number two, in a dream he saw the Macedonian army on fire
and Alexander waiting for him clad as the child he saw when
he visited Philip’s court ten years earlier.

Darius’ confidence grew stronger as Alexander and
his armies remained encamped in Cilicia so Alexander could
recover from an illness - Darius mistook this delay as a sign of
cowardice in Alexander.

A Macedonian general named Amyntas and two other
generals married to Persian women were in contact with
the Persian king Darius, giving him Alexander’s proposed
battle plans. When Amyntas learned that Darius was going to
ambush Alexander in the mountain passes he advised the king
to keep his larger army in the open plain, where his superior
numbers could be brought to advantage. Darius, instead of
heeding this advice, said he was afraid that Alexander would
flee and escape to fight another day; however, Amyntas
stated:

===== Screenshot (189) =====
s°)
J
Nm


 

“That fear is needless, for assure yourself that far from
avoiding you, he will make all the speed he can to meet you,
and is now most likely on his march towards you!”

Amyntas’ advice to Darius was to no avail, as Darius
immediately marched into Cilicia at the same time as
Alexander advanced into Syria to confront him. Passing one
another in the night, they turned their armies around towards
each other; Alexander took up position in the passes using
the sea, the mountains and the Pinarus River to force Darius
to split his forces. Not to allow himself to be outflanked by
such a superior number, Alexander strung out his right flank
much wider than his left flank and fought there himself in the
forward where he was wounded in the thigh by an arrow.
After putting the Persian army to flight, Alexander counted
110,000 dead of Darius’ army - unfortunately Darius was not
found amongst the dead.

Learning that Amyntas and his two fellow generals
had Persian wives and had most probably given council to
Darius regarding this last battle, Alexander sent members of
his personal body guard to execute the three generals and
their wives.

The generals in turn learned of the execution orders
and thus forewarned were able to fight their way free and
with their three wives, fled northeast following the Indus
River and eventually crossing through the pass of Babusar
and across the 3,000 foot deep chasm of the Hunza River.

The pass into Hunza is 13,700 foot high and is only
passable during the three summer months. This was part
of the trade route taken by Marco Polo on his return from
Cathay in 1326; over the 3,000 foot deep Hunza River gorge
via a suspended bridge made of goat hair.

The three generals and their wives formed the nucleus
of a warrior tribe that initially flourished by preying on and
raiding the trade routes and caravans that flowed from China
to India and back again.

2
oO
no


 

The Hunzas were not always known as Hunzas; up
until the turn of the 20th century, the valley was known as the
Kanjut and the people known as the Kanjuts. When Indian
Girkis tried to invade Kanjut they gave the valley and the
people in the name Hunza, because all of the people in the
valley were allied and united as arrows in a quiver. In the
Burushaski language (a mix of Masedonian and Persian) the
name Hunza translates to “arrow.”

The indigenous plant life of the Hunza Valley was
rather limited. Ninety-nine percent of the valley was bare rock
and the growing season limited to 45 days. Later, cultivated
plants included barley, millet, wheat, buckwheat, potatoes,
turnips, carrots, beans, peas, beans, pumpkins, tomatoes,
melons, onions, garlic, cabbage, spinach, cauliflower, apricots,
mulberries, walnuts, apples, plums, peaches, cherries and

pears. Pomegranate trees are scattered throughout the

valley.

The Hunzas consume milk, buttermilk, yogurt and
butter (which they put into their tea and use as a cooking
shortening). Hunza children are breast-fed until two years of
age.

A large variety of indigenous wildlife (i-e.- ibex, or
“Markhors,” Marco Polo sheep, geese, ducks, pheasants and
partridge) provided the early Hunza with meat (the Hunza
do not eat pork because they are muslim).

The Hunza salt supply is mined from hills near the
Shimshal and Muztagh Rivers and used in their tea and for
cooking in its raw brown state (the color originates from the
trace minerals included in the salt deposit when the seas dried

up).

===== Screenshot (190) =====

on
oO


 

The 14 Hunza Practices limited to two “mukhanas” or hermaphrodites in the 2,300
year history of Hunza.

1) The Hunza diet includes grains (whole and sprouted),
vegetables (raw or steamed), fruit (fruit is dried and )) All grains, vegetables and fruit are sun dried for storage.
reconstituted in water or diced and served in gelatin made
from goat or mutton tendon and cartilage); meat at 2 - 410) Native herbs and spices are used for medicine, condiments
pounds per week (i.e.- mutton, goat, yak, beef, poultry, eggs, and as foods - no western doctors or pharmaceuticals!

brain, kidney, liver, etc.); dairy (i.e.- whole milk, soured milk,
yogurt, cheese and butter as ghee) is a staple. Grape wine: 1) “Glacial milk” is the exclusive water source used for
known as Pani (flavored with the oil of bitter apricot pits) isi rinking and irrigation purposes (the fields are flooded, when
consumed daily. he water soaks into the soil a thick layer of mineral silt or
rock flour” is left on the surface of the field - this silt is hoed
2) Their farm soils are maintained by organic agricultural lpr plowed into the soil before planting).

practices, “That which is taken from the soil is returned to)
the soil.” Composting (including wood ash, and manure ash), 12) Cooking oils originate from plant oils (apricot), ghee
plant debris, kitchen waste and animal and human waste is\(clarified butter) and animal fat (tallow, chicken, yak, beef,
returned to the soil. etc.).

 

3) All Hunzas work seven days each week and 12 hours eachi13) Locally grown whole grains are used for their chapatti
day. breads rather than purchased processed flours.

4) Fat sources include whole milk, butter, ghee, plant oils andl14) The Hunzas eat 1,880 to 2,000 calories each day, except for
animal fats (meat, skin, brain, eggs, etc.). the three months of “starvation spring” when they only eat
two to three meals per week.
5) Relatively pollution free environment (no industrial or
agricultural chemicals). The Hunza remained unvanquished until 1891 when the
British Empire (to open trade routes) conquered and pacified
6) Daily consumption of salt by adding chunks of rock salt tothe Hunzas by installing an Ismali ruler known as the Mir.

their tea, cooking and as a condiment. Oftentimes their salt is: The average annual precipitation in Hunza is less than
cut” with wood ash to salt at a ratio of 10:1. two inches and the surrounding mountains, the Karakorum
Range is only 300 miles long, and the mountains are bare,

7) No agricultural sprays or chemicals of any kind. naked and metallic gray looking.

a Mount Rakaposhi, 25,500 foot high, overlooks the 8,500

8) All children are breast-fed for 2(girls) to 4 (boys) yearsfoot high Hunza Valley along with more than 60 summits
(no vaccinations or antibiotics). Recorded birth defects arehigher than, 22,000 feet. Mount Rakaposhi is one of the most
difficult mountains on to climb - it took 23 attempts to conquer

===== Screenshot (191) =====

 

the summit of Rakaposhi! The first 22 attempts failed but a
British expedition in 1958 finally succeeded in scaling the
nearly sheer face.

' Maps refer to this Karakorum Range at the junction of
many countries as the Pamirs - the Afghanistan Pamir; the
Russian Pamir; the Chinese Pamir, etc.

Pamir translated from the Persian language becomes
“Roof of the World. “Roof of the World,”
however, Lhasa is at an elevation of only 13,000 feet and is
Saaunded by summits only 18,000 feet high or less.

A few miles above the junction of the pearl gray
waters of the Hunza River and the Gilgit River in a village
called Secundersbad; it is here that the Hunza Valley begins;
the Hunza Valley follows the Hunza River up to its sources
beyond Misgar, almost on the Chinese border where it springs
from glacial torrents spewing from under the 5,000 square
mile Ultar Glacier.

The Hunza Valley is barely 200 miles long. When the
original generals from Alexander's ar my arrived in the Hunza

Valley, there were no naturally fertile v valleys in Hunza as
compared with the Willamette Valley in Oregon. The Hunza
Valley was originally bare rock, the manufactured “soil” only
being carried basket by basket up the 3,000 foot gorge walls
and placed in hand crafted stone terraces that were designed
to level and increase the growing surfaces.

This man made soil is continuously replaced again by
hand from the mineral laden silt dredged up by hand from
the bed of the Hunza River 3,000 feet below, irrigation with
Glacial Milk (laden with a suspended colloidal mineral silt)and
fertilized with wood ash (plant mineral) containing compost.

Then there was the problem of water in the barren “safe
haven.” Fortunately, one of the Macedonian generals was a
military engineer. He was able to locate a year round source of
water roaring from under the Ultar G lacier 50 miles S away.

The Ultar Glacier originates on the 25,500 foot high
Mount Rakaposhi. He was able to design and construct a

” Tibet is often called


 

gravity propelled aquaduct which carried water for drinking
and irrigation.

The water originating from under the millions of tons
of ice grinding on the parent rock of Mount Rakaposhi was so
rich with minerals that it was bluish white, so white that the
original people called it “Glacial Milk.” For generation after
generation, crop after crop and year after year for more than
2,300 years the Hunza people have drunk and irrigated their
terraced fields with “Glacial Milk,” unwittingly assuring their
people of an optimal intake of the more than 60 minerals in
the “Glacial Milk” of the Ultar Glacier truely the “land of milk
and honey”!

Except for the polar glaciers, the Karakorum Range
has the largest collection of glaciers in the world. Millions of
tons of glacial ice (in some places hundreds or thousands of
feet thick) grind four inches of living mountain rock into a
fine “rock flour” each year, which is carried in suspension as
“Glacial Milk.” No rock, no mineral, no metal, no alchemy
is resistant enough to be exempt from the grinding forces of
these millions of tons of ice!

The “Glacial Milk” ejaculates from under the glaciers
in great white water “nullahs.” Thousands of glacial nullahs
merge and join the Hunza River, very quickly the Hunza
River joins the Gilget River; the two great glacial rivers now
married join the Indus River - this now thundering river
carries a colloidal suspension of all of the mineral building
blocks of the Karakorum Range.

All of the minerals known are found in these mountains.
“Tis this wealth of solvent minerals in liquid form that is
guided by means of conduits to the stone-terraced fields of
the valleys of Hunza and allowed to soak and penetrate into
their soil.”

There are sister mountain ranges paralleling the
Karakorums - the Hindukush (translates to “the Hindu
killers”) and the Himalayas have most of the worlds tallest
mountains; yet their “Glacial Milks” are not as complete or

===== Screenshot (192) =====

 

as dense with minerals as the “Glacial Milk” from the Ultar
Glacier that feeds and nourishes the Hunza Valley.

Glacial Milk is a mixed liquid, a solution of ionically
dissolved elements and a suspension of finely ground rock
dust (rock flour) shaved and ground from the living parent
rock of the mountain by glacial friction. The suspended
minerals in the Glacial Milk are referred to as “metallic
colloidal minerals.” The average particle size of these colloid
particles is 7,000 times smaller than a red blood cell - so small,
that they can only be visualized by an electron microscope.

The individual elements in “Glacial Milk” are not
found in their separate pure atomic form, but rather they are
found in aggregations or “mini-alloys” to form suspended
solute particles.

The presence of these aggregate particles (ranging in
size from one hundred thousandth to one ten millionth of a
centimeter in diameter) are only detected by chemical analysis
or the electron microscope.

The raw rock inorganic colloids cannot passively
commute through semi-permeable membranes and therefore
produce little or no osmotic pressure, depression of the
freezing point of water (unlike a salt solution) or elevation of
the boiling point. These molecular mini-alloys or aggregates
carry a uniform negative charge.

Plants - wild forms and crops suchas grains, vegetables,
fruits and nuts actively take up these inorganic metallic
colloids and convert them into intracellular (within the cell)
organic plant colloids - these organic plant colloids are the
form of minerals found in and used by all living cells of plants,
animals and humans.

Organic colloidal minerals derived from plants are up
to 98% available to humans as compared to as little as 8 to
12% availability of metallic minerals.

It is the eating of the plants rich in organic colloidal
minerals, that is the secret of health and longevity of the
cultures we have called the “age beaters!!!”


 

The serendipitous irrigation of their terraced fields with
the common denominator of a highly mineralized “Glacial
Milk” and the fertilization of their fields with an organic
compost rich with the recycled colloidal plant minerals found
in wood ashes from their heating and cooking fires is the
secret of the Hunzas’s long and fruitful lives.

Hunza Recipes*

The Hunzakuts use apricot oil for cooking; extra-virgin olive
can be used as a substitute.

 

Chapattis -

Hunzakuts eat these flat breads with meals, especially stew,
spinach and dahl.

5 cups whole-grain flour (wheat, rye, millet,
buckwheat)

Water at room temperature.

Olive oil or apricot oil

1. Mix the flour and a small amount of water (enough so that
the flour mixes with the water without becoming sticky) to
make dough, and knead for 5 minutes.

2. Take a small handful of dough and mold into a sphere. Roll
out with a rolling pin to make a small disc. Slap the dough
from hand to hand to increase the diameter and make it
thinner.

3. Heat a heavy-bottomed frying pan or griddle, then, cook

the chapatti for a few moments on each side. Lubricate pan
with the oil if necessary. Makes 5 chapattis.

===== Screenshot (193) =====
360


 

Daudo: Lamb, Feta and Pasta Stew

 

8 - 10 oz lamb, cut into small chunks

1 onion, whole

3 bay leaves

3 Tblsp extra-virgin olive oil

1 onion, chopped fine

3 cloves garlic, chopped

1 rib celery, chopped small

5 - 8 tomatoes, chopped small

Tblsp tomato puree

oz pasta (can use chapattis cut into small strips)
tsp oregano or mixed herbs

oz feta cheese

Sea salt and black pepper (ground) to taste

a

On & NY

1. Boil the lamb in a pan of water with the whole onion and

bav leaves for about an hour, to create stock. Put the meat 1.

aside and keep the stock. Remove the fat from the surface
of the stock.

2. Gently heat the olive oil ina heavy-bottomed saucepan over 2

4.

JI

a low flame - if necessary, add 2 Tblsp of stock to keep the
temperature low. Gently cook the onion, garlic and celery
Add the
tomatoes

with the tomato puree and gently cook for 5 - 10 minutes.

in the olive oil until soft, but prevent browning.
meat and cook for a few minutes, then add the

3

. Put in enough stock so that the liquid level is about an inch

above the solids. Simmer with the lid on for about an hour.

Add more juice if necessary (or a glass of red wine). 4
Add the pasta and cook until it is al dente. 5
Add the oregano or mixed herbs.


 

6. Serve with the feta cheese crumbled over the top. Serves 2 -

Dhal with Lemon and Cilantro

7 oz lentils

1 large onion shredded

2 Tblsp extra-virgin olive oil

3 Tomatoes, chopped very small

2 Tblsp tomato paste

2 -3 fresh green chilis, chopped small
2 tsp garam masala or curry powder
sea salt

2 lemons

1 bunch cilantro, chopped

brown bread or brown rice

Wash the lentils well. Put them in a pan with 2 cups water,
bring to a boil, and cook for about 15 minutes, until soft but
not mushy.

. At the same time, use a heavy-bottomed pan to gently cook

the onion in the olive oil, until soft and starting to turn
yellow. Add the tomatoes, tomato paste, and chilis, and
cook until soft. Add extra tomato paste and/or water to
make the dhal more liquid.

When the lentils are cooked, add them to the mixture and
simmer for 5 minutes.

. Squeeze in the juice of 1 - 2 lemons to taste.

. Add the cilantro at the last minute and stir in. Crumble

chapatti into the dhal or add brown rice. Serves 2.

===== Screenshot (194) =====
 

Sultan coq: fruit and nut bar “The Okinawan lifestyle (and diet), not genes
is the primary reason for their extraordinary health and
oz apricot kernels or almonds longevity.”

oz walnuts

oz dried mulberries or golden raisins Dr. B. J. Willcox, Dr. D. C. Willcox
& Dr. M. Suzuki

The Okinawa Program

NNNN

[blsp water

1. In a coffee grinder, grind the apricot kernels or almonds
and walnuts, then add the dried mulberries or raisins and

grind.

“Sea water is water only in the sense that water
is the dominant compound. It is a most complex liquid,
containing about 3.5 per cent of dissolved inorganic
compounds. Kelp, growing in the sea, converts these
inorganic compounds (minerals) into organic form.”

N

Put in a bowl and fold together with water to make a thick
paste. Roll the paste into golf ball sized lumps, then shape

into small cookies or pancakes.

 

* Sally Beare. 50 Secrets of the World’s Longest Liv

2006 D. C. Jarvis, M.D.
* This ingredient is not part of the Hunza diet Folk Medicine

Okinawa

Originally, Okinawa was the Kingdom of the Ryukyus;
the 161 island archipelago is now a prefecture, or state of
Japan, 1,000 miles from Tokyo. In the United States Okinawa
is principally known for its part in WWII.

The Battle of Okinawa, the “typhoon of steel,” was
one of the longest and bloodiest of the WWII Pacific Theater
where some 70,000 U.S. marines, sailors and soldiers were
killed or wounded and 150,000 Okinawan civilians died - it
was the only battle fought on what was considered Japanese
home territory.

===== Screenshot (195) =====

 

As of 1996, Okinawans (the Hawaiians of Japan),
according to the WHO, were t the longest lived people of the
industrialized world. The centenarians of Okinawa have been
studied more intensely than any other long lived peoples on
Earth.

A 25 year The Okinawa Program,
launched by the identical twin Willcox brothers. Bradley
J. Willcox, who received his M.D. from Harvard School of
Medicine and his twin brother, D. Craig Willcox,
his Ph.D. in pharmacy along with Makoto Suzuki, M.D.,
PhD., a cardiologist from Okinawa International University
conducted the Okinawa Centenarian Study.

In Okinawa, individuals generally have a very high life
expectancy of 78 years for men and 86 years for women and
what is considered to be the greatest number of disability-free

long study, was

received

years of 72.3 men and 77.7 years for women.

Okinawans have a documented rate of centenarians at
5/10,000.

The Okinawan lifestyle (and diet), not genes is the
primary reason for their extraordinary health and longevity.
The Okinawan diet contains an average of 1,500 calories and
consists of boiled pork, chicken, eggs, dried minnows, miso
and fish soup, tofu, many types of garden and sea vegetables,
sea weed, kelp, onions, garlic, daikon, greens, purple sweet
potatoes, bitter melon and tubers grown in their own gardens;
antioxidant rich tumeric tea, green tea and awamori (sake -
rice wine) are the daily drinks.

QQ


 

Teaism

According to Kakuzo Okakura:

The historical isolation of Japan from the rest of the world, so
conducive tointrospection, has been highly favorable to the development
of “Teaism.” Our home and habits, costume and cuisine, porcelain,
lacquer, painting - our very literature - all have been subject to its
influence. No student of Japanese (or Okinawan) culture could ever
ignore its presence. It has permeated the elegance of nonle boudoirs,
and entered the abode of the humble. Our peasants have learned to
arrange flowers, our meanest labourrer to offer his salutation to the
rocks and waters. In our common parlance we speak of the man “with
no tea” in him, when he is insusceptible to the seriocomic interests of
the personal drama. Again we stigmatise the untamed asthete who,
regardless of the mundane tragedy, runs riot in the springtide of
emancipated emotions, as one “with too much tea” in him.

The Okinawan centenarians show a “greater appetite”
for mineral rich garden vegetables and dairy products than
the general population.

Seaweed

Sea water is a complex-water; universally around
the world analysis of sea water reveal that it contains 3.5%
dissolved inorganic salts and minerals. The oceans are located
in the lowest levels of the earth’s surface and are therefore the
catch basin into which mineral substances of every kind have
been drained by the many moving forces of nature.

The various elements and minerals, carried by wind
and water, as soon as they arrive in the oceans, join in the

===== Screenshot (196) =====
 


great milling of chemical changes, reacting, dissolving,
precipitating, re-dissolving, being integrated into living
organisms (plants and animals), travel and move through the
seasonal life cycles and then are set free again.

It is not a secret that every known reaction occurs in
the oceans, as they are stirred and mixed by wind, perennial
currents, frozen and thawed, exposed to light including entire
spectrums of intensities and colors.

The current chemical composition of the ocean is the
accumulation of millions of years of time and natural forces
- all things found in the earth ultimately finds their way into
the sea.

Chemists have realized, for centuries that, in the great
oceans there are dissolved all of the naturally occurring
elements and minerals. It is estimated that each cubic mile
of ocean contains 200,000,000 tons of elemental and mineral
compounds.

Kelp and algae growing in the sea takes up these
inorganic salts and converts them into useable organic forms.
When used as fertilizer (either as dried kelp or kelp ash) or
added directly to the diet as a vegetable, kelp is a significant
source of dietary plant minerals.

Seaweed, a staple Okinawan sea vegetable, is a generic
term for more than 2,500 varieties of aquatic plants that grow
in bodies of fresh and salt water. In common terms “sea weed”
is placed in groups according to color - i.e. - brown, red, green,
and blue-green.

Kombu is a form of kelp, it is classified as a brown
seaweed that is found inabundance in the cold sea surrounding
the northern Japanese island of Hokkaido. Kombu has been
very popular in Okinawa since the early 1800s, when it was
first gathered and brought to southern China. Kelp is very
popular with Okinawans and they eat approximately three
times the quantities that the Japanese eat. It tastes like pasta
mixed with seafood.


Noriisclassified as red seaweed, however, it looks black
when dried. This seaweed is typically used to wrap sushi and
rice balls, and as a seasoning for salads, soups and noodles.
Okinawans eat nori with breakfast as flat strips mixed with
rice. The Irish and Welsh eat nori as “laver” which is used to
make flat cakes.

Hijiki is a form of black seaweed that is served in short
bitter-tasting strips. Okinawans typically eat hijiki simmered
with vegetables and soybeans.

Wakame is a form of kelp that tastes like spinach

lasagna. It is commonly put in soups, salads and buckwheat
noodles (soba).

General Analysis of Sea Kelp

 

 

Content Percent
Moisture 6.00
Protein (crude) 7.50
Fiber (crude) 7.20
Nitrogen free extract 45.28
Fat (ether extract) 0.34
Ash (plant minerals) 33.68

George W. Cavanaugh, Agricultural Chemistry, Cornell

===== Screenshot (197) =====

 

General Composition of Kelp Ash

 

Mineral Elements

Percent

 

Calcium
Phosphorus
Magnesium
Sodium
Potassium
Chlorine
Sulfur

Iron

lodine

Trace elements (total)

1.00
0.34
0.74
4.00
12.00
13.37
1.00
0.04
0.19

1.00

 


Spectrographic Qualitative Analysis of Kelp Ash

Element
Sodium
Potassium
Calcium
Iron
Aluminum
Magnesium
Strontium
Silicon
Manganese
Copper
Tin
Lead
Vanadium
Zinc
Titanium

Chromium
Barium

Silver

Percent
> 10.0
> 10.0
> 10.0
0.1
0.1
0.1
0.1
0.01 - 0.1
0.01 - 0.1
0.001 - 0.01
0.001 - 0.01
0.001 - 0.01
0.001
0.001
0.0001 - 0.001
0.0001 - 0.001
0.0001 - 0.001

0.0001

===== Screenshot (198) =====
Se

Bitter melon, or Goya chample (Momordica charantia),
is a staple in the Okinawan diet which we ate a lot of while
visiting Okinawa. Goya or bitter melon, which looks like a
cucumber with warts, is thought to have been brought to
the Ryukyu Kingdom from old China during the Ming and
Manchu dy nasties. It is thought to have been used as a food
staple from around 1100 A.D. and as an added benefit it is
known to support healthy blood sugar levels in diabetics.

In 2003, a small group of our associates went to
Okinawa with us to determine the Okinawan’s health and
longevity secrets and where these exceedingly long lived
people obtained their nutritional minerals.

We first went to the ets of Agriculture and
learned that the soil of the entire 800 mile long Okinawa
archipelago of 161 islands was made up of red, yellow or black
clay - very similar to the red sandy clay that is characteristic of
the American state of Georgia.

In 1605, Sokan Noguni, an Okinawan returned home
from a visit to China with a sweet potato. It was the perfect
tuber for Okinawa’s rocky soil. Soon the sweet potato was
grown all over the island and by 1902, it provided 80% of the
total caloric intake of the people.

The Okinawan’s eventually erected a statue of Noguni,
who is respectfully referred to as Lord Sokan, the Imo (sweet
potato) King.

Many large studies, including the 25 year long Okinawa
project, were conducted in an attempt to determine their
secret of longevity. Because of the detailed completeness of
the questions in these studies, we felt we didn’t need to again
ask questions on diet, religion, exercise and professions that
had been asked over and over again - we took the information
in these studies to be correct. We decided that we were going
to ask only one question - “what did you do with the wood
ashes from your heating and cooking fires?”

We visited many of the Okinawa “old ones,” and shared

traditional meals of boiled pork, steamed sea vegetables, bitter

melon, sweet potatoes and squash with them. Drink included
green tea and rice wine.

We asked old men in their 90s and many over the age
of 100 years, “what did you do with the wood ashes from
your cooking and heating fires?” The old men replied, “I don’t
know.” We asked the same question of Okinawa women over
the age of 90 and 100 years of age, and they replied, “Everyone
imnows that, we put the wood ashes into our gardens and rice
paddies to fertilize our rice, vegetables and fruit.”

And then the lady centenarians shared something we
hadn’t thought of, “We also added rice straw ashes to our
noodle dough and rice as we cooked them because it added
a wonderful yellow color and enhanced the flavor.” Culinary
ashes (plant minerals) were part of the Okinawa secret!

The last thing we learned from the Okinawa old ones
and centenarians was that, “Each morning, an ash merchant
would appear and buy our excess ashes to sell to restaurants
and farmers.”

During the Edo period (1603 - 1867) of Japan, rice straw
was used to make a variety of products including sandals,
hats, mats and rope. The manufacture of products from rice
straw was a common cottage industry that was developed to
supplement the meager Japanese cash income.

The old and used straw items were burned as fuel in the
kitchen ovens and heating stoves - farmers and “ash traders”
purchased or traded for the ash which was then resold for
fertilizer. In this way, almost all of the 10 million tons of the
annual production of rice straw ash was returned to the soil.

A recent comparison of the mineral content of the
bones from the modern Japanese and the 3,000 year old bones
from ancient Japanese monks showed that the ancient bones
contained a wider variety of minerals and a greater amount of
each mineral - a testimony to the value of wood and rice straw
ashes for fertilizer and for “culinary ashes.”

===== Screenshot (199) =====

 

Okinawa Recipes* minutes. Skim the fat off of the top of the water and keep
the rest of the liquid to use as stock.
Dashi 2. Heat the oil ina wok or frying pan. Add the garlic and cook
gently for a minute or so, but prevent browning - bring
2 strips kombu seaweed down the cooking temperature by adding a Tblsp of stock.
1 large pinch of bonito (dried fish) flakes
3/4 Tblsp soy sauce 3. Add the pork or salmon and stir for just a few seconds.

1. Boil the kombu for 3 - 4 minutes in a small pan of water 4. Add the dashi, soy, sake and stock and bring to a boil.
(1/2 pint). Remove from the heat.
5. Add the noodles and heat.

. Add the bonito flakes and return to the heat. Remove from
heat just as water begins to boil. 6. Garnish with the onion and serve. Serves 1 - 2.

No

3. Allow to stand for 5 minutes, or until bonito flakes sink.
Strain and keep the liquid. Discard the solids (these solids Pork and Vegetable Soup with Sake
can be used to produce a second batch).
11 oz pork
4. Add the soy sauce. Serves 2 - 3. 11 oz pork liver
Sake or awamori
3 potatoes, diced

Pork Noodles with Dashi 1 carrot, diced
1 - 2 spring onions, cut into thin “matchsticks.”
4 oz cooked pork slices or salmon 1 Tblsp miso
1 Tablsp olive oil 1 - 2 tsp chopped ginger
1/2 clove garlic
1 Tblsp dashi 1. Cut the meat into small pieces and marinate in a bowl of
| - 2 tsp soy sauce sake or awamori for 20 minutes
3/4 tsp sake or sweet white wine
1 cup stock (pork, or vegetable if using salmon) 2. Boil the meat in a pan of water, just covering the meat.
4 oz Asian noodles, buckwheat udon Skim fat from the top of the soup as it appears.

3 stalks green onions, chopped very fine
3. After 15 - 20 minutes, add the potatoes and carrots, then,
|. If using pork, boil the meat in about a pint of water for 25. _ continue cooking for about 10 minutes, until the potatoes
and carrots are soft but not overcooked.

===== Screenshot (200) =====

 

4. Remove from heat and stir in the miso.

5. Garnish with the spring onions, and serve soup with a
lass of warm sake. Serves 4.

o
5

1 1/2 cups brown rice

2 strips kombu seaweed /hijiki seaweed
1 onion, chopped small

1 clove garlic, chopped small

1 Tblsp extra-virgin olive oil

| tsp sesame oil

| Tblsp soy sauce

1. Wash and cook rice.

N

. If using kombu seaweed, boil for 20 minutes, then cut int
matchstick-size strips. If using hijiki seaweed, soak for 18
minutes in warm water, then drain.

YW

. Gently cook the onion and garlic in the olive oil for about
10 minutes, or until onions are just turning yellow, add the
cooked rice and stir, then add the seaweed.

4. Add the sesame oil and the soy sauce, stir for a few moments
)

Serves

*Sally Beare: 50 Secrets of the World’s Longest Living People. 2006.
**This is not part of the Okinawa diet.

“I
ul


Part 4

The Currency of the Age Beaters

“A critical examination of the lifestyles and
eating habits of the centenarians of the world’s Blue Zones
quickly reveals the simple and universal common threads
that have produced and can predictably and repeatedly
reproduce 100 year old humans regardless of genetic make
up, gender, ethnic, religious or national origin.”

Dr. Joel D. Wallach & Dr. Ma Lan

===== Screenshot (201) =====
 


 

Chapter 12

"I want to prove that the boundaries (of age) set up by the gods are not unbreakable."

Gilgamesh, King of Sumaria
Clay Tablets, 5000 B.C.

The Common Threads of Anti-Aging

The aging process starts the moment you are conceived and continues unabated,
progressing forward at varying speeds, and degrees at an hourly, daily, weekly and
annual rate until the ultimate end of the process - death.

There is an accumulated knowledge, however, that will allow each of us to prevent and
slow the aging process so that we can successfully reach beyond 100 years of age in a
beautiful, healthful and functional way.

While there are genetic upper limits to human longevity, all humans certainly and
predictably have the genetic potential, the genetic equipment and the genetic capacity
to live well beyond 100! The only reason that all humans don't achieve or reach their
genetic potential for longevity beyond 100 years is that: 1) consciously or
unconsciously, they omit essential pieces of the anti-aging circuitry in their daily
lives necessary to fulfill this potential; and/or 2) they ignorantly or proactively take
pleasure in consciously stepping on land mines.

While the percentage of hundred year olds currently varies from country to country
(Blue Zones), all humans can easily reach 100 years of age by simply following certain
known and predictable physiological laws.

These physiological laws for longevity are as unforgiving and predictable as gravity.
If you step off of the roof of a third story house without a ladder, the law of gravity
will surely take you suddenly and rudely to the ground. If you are unaware of, or simply
ignore the physiological requirements to live to be 100, you will surely not make it to
100 years of age even if you have "good genes."

On the other hand, if everyone in your family died at 35 years of age and you accurately
fulfill your physiological requirements for longevity and you avoid the land mines, you
can easily make it healthfully to 100.

Centenarian Common Threads

A critical examination of the lifestyles and eating habits of the centenarians of the
world's Blue Zones quickly reveals the simple and universal common threads that have
produced and can predictably and repeatedly reproduce 100 year old humans regardless of
genetic makeup, gender, ethnic, religious or national origin.

The omission of any one or any part of the four longevity pieces will result in
catastrophic failure:

===== Screenshot (202) =====

 

Antioxidants:

Daily consumption of antioxidant rich food and drink is a universal feature of those
living in Blue Zones and in particular centenarians. These potent carbon compounds
quench or neutralize free radicals that attack our cells, cell walls, mitochondria and
physiological processes and increase our risk of cardiovascular disease, cancer,
Alzheimer's disease and other dementias, cataracts, diabetes and aggressively speed up
the process and damage of aging itself.

A universally agreed upon method of predicting the antioxidant power and free radical
neutralizing value of foods, drink and supplements is the Oxygen Radical Absorbance
Capacity or ORAC value - based on current studies, we believe that the optimal total
daily intake of ORAC points to reach the age of 100 years is 20,000 to 25,000 per day.

In 2007, scientists with the USDA published an updated list of ORAC values for 277
foods commonly consumed by the U.S. population (fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds,
spices, grains, drinks, etc.).

ORAC is a method of measuring antioxidant capacities of various foods. It was developed
by scientists at the National Institute on Aging, a division of the National Institute
of Health (NIH) in Baltimore, Maryland and Tufts University, Boston, Massachusetts.

The ORAC analysis, which utilizes Florescein as the florescent probe, provides a
measure of the scavenging capacity of antioxidants against the peroxyl radical, which
is one of the most common reactive oxygen species (ROS) found in the body.

In 2008, the U. S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) listed a database of the ORAC
values. Correlation between the high antioxidant capacity of fruits and vegetables, and
the positive impact of diets high in fruits and vegetables, is well accepted and
universally known to play an important role in the Free-radical theory of aging.

In many countries, of North America, Europe, Asia, Central and South America and their
Blue Zones, the daily consumption of a wide variety of vegetables, fruit, dark berries,
chocolate, wine, coffee and tea are the universal rich cultural sources of antioxidants.

In the "Blue Zones" of the world, large quantities of vitamin C, Beta carotene,
flavanols, lycopenes, leutenes, proanthocyanins, resveratrols, catechens (EGCGs) and
polyphenols are found in dark fruits and berries, yellow and red vegetables, cocoa, red
wine, green tea or coffee - these are the antioxidants that have universally been found
to be consumed daily in the Blue Zones and are known to protect the centenarians.

The ORAC Value of Common Foods and Drink of Centenarians

Food/Juice ORAC Value/Serving
Cloves, ground 314,446
Cinnamon 267,536
Sorghum, black 100,800
Aronia Black chokeberry 16,062
Small Red Bean 13,727
Wild blueberry 13,427
Red kidney bean 13,259
Peppermint 13,978
Pinto bean 11,864
Cranberry 8,983
Artichoke hearts 7,904

===== Screenshot (203) =====

 

Acai 1,842
Raspberry 6,058
Strawberry 5,938
Red Delicious apple 5,900
Granny Smith apple 5,381
Pecan 17,940
Sweet cherry 4,873
Black plum 4,844
Russet potato 4,649
Black bean 4,181
Plum 4,118
Baby food, (peaches) 6,257
Baby food, (apple/ blueberry) 4,822
Baby food, (applesauce-strained) 4,123
Baby food, (bananas) 2,658
Gala apple 3,903
Wine, red (Merlot) 3,873
Wine, red (Cabernet Suavignon) 5,034
Wine, rose 1,005
Wine, white 392
Raisins 2,830
Avocado, raw 1,933
Kale 1,770
Noni juice 398
Mangosteen juice 498
Wolfberry (Gogi) juice 363
Almonds 4,282
Hazelnuts (filberts) 9,275
Acai berry juice 1,842
Kiwi 1,159
Lentils, raw 7,282
Prune juice 7,291
Prune 5,770
Blueberry juice 9,019
Pomagranate juice (100%) 2,341
Chocolate (dark liquid) /juice blend 3,000
Dark chocolate pieces 3,040
Sweet potato, baked 2,115
Green tea, brewed 1,128
Mangos, raw 988
Oranges, navel 1,785
Pears, raw 1,911
Pomagranate/ Blueberry 962

381

On the surface when one searches for the common
threads or the single basis of the longevity success of the
various cultures found in the “Blue Zones” of the world,

===== Screenshot (204) =====

 

one comes up empty handed - every thing seems unrelated, Bercinia
desperate and foundationless and therefore to the “expert”’
gerontologists, claims and recipes seem quite unscientific,
mythical and unimportant.

However, when one examines categor ies of longe V ity
constants instead of looking for one single “magic pill” or the
waters of a “fountain of youth” in a particular country the ircova Gosta Rica
answer becomes obvious! ob”

The answer, the secrets of health, longevity and even
immortality are hidden in plain view - it’s only a matter ofl
knowing the basic “language of immortality” to then be able:
to translate all of the different “dialects of immortality” into
a single universal language!

One of the unimpeachable ingredients in the universal
formula for health, longevity and immortality is antioxidants.
Like children, we can argue, “mine is better than yours,”

Hunza

however, the successful centenarians in the “Blue Zones”

consume multiple forms and sources of antioxidants daily.

Some variations of seasonal consumption are based on

growing seasons and therefore seasonal availability, however, Okinawa
the daily consumption of multiple antioxidants is a constant

(20,000 to 25,000 ORAC points/ day).

Antioxidants of the “Blue Zones”

 

Country Antioxidant Bama, China

 

Azerbaijan Red Wine
Vodka
Tea
Fruit

Vegetables


Red Wine
Tea
Fruit

Vegetables

Fruit
Vegetables
Chocolate
Wine
Coffee

Red Wine
Tea
Fruit

Vegetables

Rice wine
Green tea

Kelp

Sweet potatoes

Vegetables
§

“Snake” wine
Green tea
Sweet potatoes
Fruit

Vegetables
§

===== Screenshot (205) =====
 


Sf

Vilcabamba Chocolate
Chili pepper
Red wine
Fruit
Vegetables
Titicaca Chocolate
Chili pepper
Red wine
Fruit
Vegetables
Italy Red wine
Garlic

Chili Pepper
Fruit
Vegetables
Greece Red wine
Fruit
Vegetables
Garlic
USA (Mormon, Adventist) Berries (dark)

Green leafy vegetables
Yellow/red vegetables
Fruit

 


Wine & Beer

“Alcohol has existed longer than all human
memory. It has outlived generations, nations, epochs and
ages. It is part of us, and that is fortunate indeed. For
although alcohol will always be the master of some, for
most of us it will continue to be the servant of man.”

National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism

Wine is simply fermented grape (Vitis vinifera) juice,
with an alcohol content of 5.5 to 14 percent (grape spirits can
be added to wines in order to raise the alcohol content to 15
to 22 percent). The first evidence for the consumption and
production of wine goes back more than 10,000 years ago.
Wine frequently appears as a finished product in Egyptian
pictographs circa 4,000 B.C.

Brewing as an art, dates from the beginning of
civilization in ancient Egypt, many Egyptian gods were gods of
a family or were local diaties, however, Osiris, the god of wine
was worshiped throughout Egypt. The Egyptians believed
that Osiris in addition to creating wine also invented beer. The
Egyptians considered beer as a necessity of life and as a result
was brewed in every home “on an everyday basis.”

Both beer and wine were deified and offered to the gods
whose hieroglyph was a winepress. The ancient Egyptians
brewed at least 17 varieties of beer and 24 varieties of wine.

The Egyptians used alcoholic beverages for pleasure,
nutrition, medicine, ritual, renumeration and funerary
purposes. The wine and beer placed in tombs were to be used
by the dead during their journey into the “after-life.”

The earliest wines are thought to have been made from
fermented berries or honey in the wild grape regions of the
Middle East.

Recorded in the Old Testament (Genesis 9:20), Noah
planted a vineyard on Mt. Ararat in what is now eastern Turkey.

===== Screenshot (206) =====

It is recorded in writings from Sumer, that beer and wine were*peninsula in approximately 2,000 B.C.; the first alcoholic
used for “medicinal” purposes as early as 2,000 B.C. beverage to obtain wide-spread popularity in what is now
In 1952, Neolithic (Stone Age - 10,000 B.C.) beer jugs:Greece was “mead,” a fermented beverage made from honey
were discovered, and it is theor ted that beer probably’and water. By 1,700 B.C., winemaking became commonplace
preceded bread as a staple. in Greece and over the next 1,000 years wine became important
Beerw ras the beverage of choice amongstthe Babylonians, , in hospitality, it was used for medicinal purposes, and it
and as early as 2,700 B.C. they worshipped a wine goddess and| became an integral part of daily meals.
other wine deities. Babylonians regularly used both beer andl Asa beverage; wine was consumed in many ways -
wine as offerings to their gods. In 1,750 B.C., the great C ode offwarm or chilled, straight or mixed with water, plain or with
Hammurabi devoted considerable attention to the rules of “fair‘added spices.
commerce” in alcohol (beer and wine). The Greeks are considered the most temperate of ancient
A variety of alcoholic beverages have been used inicultures. This restriction of drunkenness is thought to result from
China since prehistoric times. In China, wine and beer were: Grecian societal rules that stress moderation in the consumption
considered a spiritual food rather than a food for the physical! of alcohol, their praise of temperant behavior, their habit of
body. Extensive documentary evidence attests to the role that! diluting wine with water and avoidance of excess.
alcohol played in the ancient Chinese religious life. Instances of habitual intoxication amongst the Greeks
In ancient China, people always drank wine and beenwas rare, however, they were not against drunkenness at
when holding a memorial ceremony, offering sacrifices to banquents and festivals.
gods or their ancestors, pledging resolution before going Anexception to the Greek record of temperance was the
into battle, celebrating victory, before feuding and official cult of Dionysus, whose members believed that drunkenness
executions, for taking an oath of allegiance, while attending would bring them spiritually closer to their gods.
ceremonies of birth, marriage, reunions, departures, death, The Greek “Symposium,” a gathering of men for an
and festival banguets. evening of conversation, entertainment and drinking usually
A Chinese imperial edict in 1,116 B.C. makes it clear that ended in drunkenness. There are no records in ancient Greece
the use of alcohol in moderation was believed to be prescribed that mass drunkenness was a problem, however, in 425 BiGe
by heaven. The consumption of alcohol was clearly beneficial warnings against intemperance by foreigners, particularly at
to the Chinese treasury. During the time of Marco Polo, wine Symposia became more frequent.
and beer drinking was very common and very popular and the Xenophon (431-351 B.C.) and Plato (429-347 B.C.)
alcohol tax was one of the treasury’s largest sources of revenue. both lauded the moderate use of wine as beneficial to health,
Laws against making wine and beer in China were longevity and happiness. Hippocrates (460-370 B. C.) identified
inacted and repealed 41 times between 1,100 B.C. and 1,40C and wrote of the many medicinal properties of wine, which had
A.D. A writer recorded in 650 B.C. that “People will not dca long history of being prescribed for its therapeutic value.
without beer. To prohibit it and (attempt) to secure total The Hebrews were introduced to wine during their
abstinence from it is beyond the power even of sages. Hence enslavement in Egypt. When Moses took them to Canaan
therefore, we have warnings on the abuse of it.” (1,200 B. C.) they lamented leaving behind the wines of Egypt
The art of wine making only reached the Hellenic (Numbers 20:5); however, the Hebrews found vineyards to be

===== Screenshot (207) =====
abundantly available in their new land.

With the advent of Christianity and its gradual
displacement of the previously predominant religions,
the drinking habits of Europe were directly affected by the
content of the New Testament. Jesus used wine and approved
of its moderate use and consumption. Paul considered wine
to be a creation of God and therefore inherently good, he
recommended its use for medicinal purposes, while at the
same time condemned drunkenness.

The spread of Christianity and viticulture in Western
Europe occurred simultaneously. St. Martin of Tours was
actively involved in preaching the gospel and planting
vineyards.

The period between the fall of Rome and the beginning
of the High Renaissance, the Middle Ages (1500 A.D.),is known
for rapid development of human culture. In the Middle Ages,
mead, rustic beers, and wild fruit wines became commonly
available and popular, particularly among the Celtics, Anglo-Saxons, Germans and Scandinavians, while wines remained
the favorite beverage in the Romance countries (Italy, Spain
and France).

After Roman Empire collapsed, monistaries
became the centers of brewing beer and winemaking. Rustic
beers continued to be brewed in the common home, whereas
the professional and commercial brewing techniques where
developed and closely guarded by the monks.

The monistaries kept the art of viticulture alive. With
their greater resources, security and stability, they were able to
develop and improve the quality of their vineyards. Throughout
the time of the Middle Ages, the finest vineyards were owned
and managed by the monistaries, and “vinum theologium” or
wine of the church was considered to be the finest of all wines.
In addition to fermenting the quantity of wine necessary to
celebrate the mass, the monasteries also produced large volumes
of wine for commercial trade to support the maintenance and
expansion of the monastic movement.

the


 

Common Wines of the World

 

Wine Grape Variety

 

Cabernet Sauvignon Black grape

This is the most well known black grape variety in
the world. It is the most important Bordeaux variety and has
also been successful in the New World. The grapes are high
in tannins, so these wines age well, especially if aged in oak
barrels. At their best, these wines are rich in color, aroma and
depth and have a long lasting flavor of black currants.

Chardonnay White grapes

Without a doubt, the most popular white wine/ white
grape variety. It is the variety used to produce the classic white
Burgundy and one of the three varieties of white grapes used
to make Champagne. Wines from this grape are typically dry,
and light with a crisp apple-like flavor to a full-bodied buttery
flavor depending upon the method of production.

Chenin Blanc White grapes

This grape is characteristically a high acid variety that
requires a high level of sunlight to ripen, otherwise the wines
become tart. The main growing regions for Chenin Blanc
include Loire, New Zealand and South Africa. The wines
range from very dry to sweet and sparkling; the successful dry
wines are fresh and fruity and sweet wines are well-balanced
and honeyed.

===== Screenshot (208) =====

Gamay Red grapes

Beaujolais wine, fermented from the Gamay grape, 1s
of enormous commercial value in Burgundy, where it is the
grape that accounts for more than half of all wine produced.
Characteristically, these wines are uncomplicated, light, fruity
reds intended for quaffing when young and fresh. These
wines have a distinctive intense pear aroma and raspberry
flavor, which is the result of the production methods. Most
high grade Beaujolais can be aged.

Gewurztraminer Pale pink grape

The very aromatic wines fermented from these spicey
pink grapes are full-bodied white wines that can be dry or
sweet. These wines have a low acidity and a high alcohol
content (greater than 13%). The best of this category of white
wines come from Alsace. Because of its exotic perfume and
intense litchi flavor, Gewurztraminer is one of the few wines
that fits well with spicy foods.

Grenache Black grape

When fermented by itself, the Grenache black grape
produces a warm, fruity flavored wine with a high alcohol
content and an aroma of freshly ground black pepper. These
grapes are low in tannins, and asa result they are often blended
with high tannic acid grapes such as Cabernet sauvignon or
Syrah. The primary growing areas of the Grenache grape are
southern France, Australia, California and Spain.


 

Merlot Black grape

The Merlot grape is the most commonly planted black
grape variety of Bordeaux, where it is frequently blended
with Cabernet sauvignon. Unblended Merlot are usually soft
and easy-drinking wines, with flavors ranging from plums
to fruitcake. Cabernet sauvignon lends “backbone” to Merlot,
which is lower in tannins and acidity, yet brings a richness
and smoothness to the Merlot which would otherwise be
perceived as harsh.

 

Pinot Noir Red grape

This is the grape that is used to make red Burgundy
wines. Yields are not high, which makes it challenging and
expensive to produce. Pinot noir grapes make a pale-colored,
light to medium-bodied red wine that has a strawberry or
raspberry aroma. The highest quality Pinot noir are made in
Burgundy and they have the reputation of being “the most
sumptuous reds in the world.” New Zealand and Oregon
in the U.S. produce good Pinot noir wines. The Pinot noir
is also the main grape variety used to produce high quality
champagne.

 

Riesling White grapes

This classic German grape variety makes many of
the finest white wines in the world - they range from very
dry to very sweet. The Riesling wines are light in body and
low in alcohol, yet strongly flavored and “very long-lived.”
Fantastic, very sweet white wines are typically made from
Riesling grapes that have been subjected to “noble rot.”

===== Screenshot (209) =====
 


(“Noble rot” - an overgrowth of the fungus, Botrytis cinerea,
causes a shriveling and dehydration of the grapes, however,
this condition causes an increase in sweetness. The finest
examples of very sweet dessert wines made from botrytized
grapes are produced in Bordeaux and Germany. “Noble rot”
affects Riesling, Sauvignon blanc, Chenin blanc, Semillon,
and Gewurztraminer grapes in a positive way.)

 

Sauvignon Blanc White grape

Wines produced from this grape are typically very
dry, fresh white wines that should be consumed young.
They are easily recognized by their intense taste and aromas
that are those of green grass and gooseberries. Sancerre and
Pouilly Fume’, from the Loire, are the best known Sauvignon
blancs, however, New Zealand is known to produce a good
Sauvignon blanc.

Semillon White grape

This very utilitarian white grape makes a wide range
of white wines, from dry to very sweet - good Semillon wines
are made in Australia and Bordeaux. It is typically blended,
usually with Sauvignon blane and Chardonnay. Dry and
blended Semillon wines are best consumed when they are
young, however, many of the sweeter wines will improve
with age. Semillon is at its best when infested with “noble
rot,” which produces some of the most well known dessert
wines such as Sauternes and Barsac.

 


 

Syrah (Shiraz) Red grape

Referred to as Shiraz, in Australia (sparkling version)
and South Africa the Syrah grape produces a dark, full-bodied,
heavy, red wine with great potential longevity, especially
when oak aged. They contain a considerable level of tannic
acid and are best consumed when three years old with food.
Mature Shiraz wines have aromas of black currant, cedar and
mixed spice. Syrah is commonly grown in the Rhone Valley.

Zinfandel Black grape

Thought of as California’s own grape variety, Zinfandel
produces wines that range from light and elegant (white or
rose) to massive tannic reds - the grape’s berry-like aroma and
taste always comes through. The best Zinfandels are those
that are rich and darkly colored with a short oaking - these
wines are at their peak when they are five years old.

Distillation of alcohol was one of the more important
discoveries during the Middle Ages. Albertus Magnus (1193-
1280 A.D.) was the first individual to clearly describe the
process for the distillation of spirits. Details of the new art soon
spread amongst the monks, physicians and alchemists, who
were looking to distilled alcohol as a cure for human ailments.
Distilled beverages were originally called aqua vitae or “water
of life” - later they were called brandy. The term brandy was
derived from the Dutch word “brandewijn” which translates
to burnt or distilled wine.

===== Screenshot (210) =====
 

 

 

Wine Consumption by Country in 2002
Rank Country Amount (Liters)
| Italy
2 France
3 Switzerland
4 Austria
5 Denmark
6 Belgium
7 Germany
8 Australia
9 United Kingdom
10 Netherlands
1] New Zealand
12 Sweden
13 Ireland
14 Norway
15 Japan
16 Canada
17 Finland
18 United States

Global Market Information Database (2002)

20
20
19
16
13
1]
10
10
10

7


 

The Bubonic Plague which began in the 14th century
reduced European village populations by as much as 82%.
Reaction to the unstoppable varied from “processions of
flagellants who mobbed city and village streets, hoping, by
the pains they inflicted on themselves and upon each other,
to take the edge off the plagues they attributed to God’s wrath
over human folly,” to a dramatic increase in the consumption
of alcohol, in hopes of protecting themselves.

In Bavaria, beer consumption is believed to have risen
to 300 liters per capita per year (compared with the 150 liters
consumed today) and in Florence, wine consumption reached
ten barrels per capita per year.

The consumption of distilled spirits which was
originally used exclusively for medicinal purposes increased
significantly.

With the end of the Middle Ages, the popularity of beer
spread to England, France and Scotland. Beer brewers were soon
officially recognized as a guild in England, and the adulteration
of beer and wine became a crime punishable by death.

The early Modern Period was a time of increasing
prosperity and wealth. Towns and cities sprouted up all
over Europe, grew in size and numbers, new territories were
“discovered” and colonized and world trade developed.

In the 16th century, the consumption of alcoholic
beverages reached 100 liters per person per year in Valladoid,
Spain; Polish peasants consumed about three liters of beer
per day. In Coventry, the average weekly consumption of
beer and ale was 17 pints per person per week (three pints
per week today), Swedish beer consumption reached what is
thought to be 40 times what it is today, English sailors were
issued one gallon of beer per day, while English soldiers were
issued two thirds of a gallon, in Denmark adult laborers and
sailors consumed one gallon per day.

In 1668, Dom Perignon, a wine-master from a French
abbey, created asparkling champagne. He employed extra-thick

glass bottles to contain the pressure, created a new and efficient

===== Screenshot (211) =====

cork and created the art of sparkling champagne. It would take
another 100 years before the drink became popular.

Distilled Spirits

The original grain spirit, “whiskey,” was first distilled
in Ireland, whiskey was widely consumed in Scotland. It
was in the 17th century that Franciscus Sylvius (aka Fraz de
la Boe), a professor of medicine at the University of Leyden,
distilled spirits from grain.

Distilled spirits were typically flavored with juniper
berries. The flavored beverage was known as junever, a Dutch
word which translates to “juniper.” The French changed the
name to genievre, which the English changed to “geneva,”
which was then shortened to “gin.”

Gin originally used for medicinal purposes,
however, in 1690, the English passed “An Act for Encouraging
the Distillation of Brandy and Spirits from corn,” and within
four years the annual production of distilled spirits, the majority
of which was gin, reached more than one million gallons.

The 17th century colonialists from Virginia, carried on
the European belief that alcoholic drink was a “natural food”
and was good when consumed in moderation. Beer came with
the original colonists, who believed “it was essential to their
well being.”

The

was

Puritan minister Increase Mather preached in
favor of alcohol and also preached against its abuse: “Drink
is in itself a good creature of God, and to to be received with
thankfulness, but the abuse of drink is from Satan; the wine is
from God, but the Drunkard is from the Devil.” At that time the
first distillery was established in the colonies on what is now
Staten Island, the production of hops began in Massachusetts,
and both brewing and distilling were supported by legislation


 

in Maryland.

Rum, originally produced in the West Indies by
Europeans, is produced by distilling fermented molasses; by
1657, a rum distillery was operating in Boston. The Boston
distillery became so successful that in only one generation the
production of rum became colonial New England’s biggest
and most successful industry.

The English government began to actively promote
gin distillation to use surplus grain and raise revenue through
taxation. Suported by public policy, cheap gin began to flood
the market as there was no negativity attached to excessive
drinking and at the same time the growing numbers of poor
in London sought relief from the harsh realities of big city
life by drinking large quantities of gin - the result was the
appearance of the “Gin Epidemic.”

Resveratrol (phytoalexin)

Another important function of alcoholic beverages has
been for therapeutic and medicinal purposes. In 1928, Johanna
Brandt, a South African healer wrote a book entitled the Grape
Cure, a collection of diseases, including cancer, heart disease
and diabetes, that would benefit from the consumption of
dark red grapes - there was something in those red grapes!
Brandt, however, was considered a charleton by local medical
associations and they chased her out of the United States.

The French consume more fat per person than any other
culture in the world, yet they rank third oneveryone’s charts on
health and longevity out of 193 nations. American physicians
call this amazing phenomina the “French Paradox.”

It is generally agreed throughout the scientific world
that resveratrol, the anti-aging substance found in red wines
are the basis for the “Grape Cure” and the “French Paradox.”

===== Screenshot (212) =====

 

USDA Analysis of Wine

Red Wine: for a 3.5 oz glass of red wine (103 g); 91 g of water,
2
oO

9.6 g alcohol, 0.3 g ash (minerals), 0.2 g protein, 1.8 g of

“Carbohydrate by difference,” and 74 calories.

White Wine: for a 3.5 oz glass of white wine (103 g); 91 5 g of
water, 9.5 g of alcohol, 0.2 g of ash (minerals), 0.1 g of protein,
0.8 g of “Carbohydrate by difference,” and 70 calories.

Blush Wine: for a 3.5 oz glass of blush wine (103 g); 91.5 g of
water, 9.6 g of alcohol, 0.2 g of ash (minerals), 0.2 g protein, 1.4
¢ of “Carbohydrate by difference,” and 73 calories.

Resveratrol Content of Wine

Beverage Resveratrol (mg/ Liter)

Red wine (Global) 1.98 - 7.13

Red wine (Spanish) 1.92. =12:59

Red wine (Tuscan) 0.3 - 2.1

Red Grape juice (Spanish) 1.14 - 8.69

Rose wines (Spanish) 0.43 - 3.52
Pinot Noir 0.40 - 2.0

White wines (Spanish) 0.05 - 1.80

 


 

Resveratrol Content of Selected Foods

 

 

Food Serving Size Total Resveratrol (mg)
Peanuts (raw) 1C/ 146¢ 0.01 - 0.26
Peanuts (boiled) 1C/ 180 ¢ 0.32 - 1.28
Peanut butter 1C/ 258 ¢g 0.04 - 0.13
Red grapes 1C/ 160¢ 0.24 - 1.25

Modernresearchreveals that themoderateconsumption
of red wine is preferable to complete abstenence. Red wine
is known to reduce vascular inflammation and the risk of
coronary heart disease and cancer, a plethora of degenerative
diseases and to significantly increase longevity in yeast,
worms, flies, fish, small mammalian vertebrates (including
primates) and fish.

A 16-year study of 13,000 people in Denmark revealed
that a daily glass of red wine could significantly reduce the
risk of thrombotic stroke by 32%.

Resveratrol (trans-3, 4’, 5-trihydroxystilbene), is a fat
soluble, powerful and naturally occurring polyphenol
antioxidant, and it is found in varying amounts in wine. In
general red wines contain more resveratrol than white wines do.

Grapes and wine grown in humid environments
produce more resveratrol than wines grown in more arid
environments. The theory for this phenomena is that grapes
grown in humid environments produce more resveratrol in
order to repell damaging fungi.

Resveratrol appears to function in animals and humans
by activating a family of enzymes called sirtuins (Sir-2) -
these proteins are involved in the same anti-aging effects as a
Calorie Restricted diet.

===== Screenshot (213) =====
ee

Resveratrol can be found in the skins, seeds; notable
grape varieties that contain high levels of resveratrol are
muscadine grapes, Pinot noir grapes and Concord grapes.

Resveratrol is also found in the Japanese Knotweed
(Polygonum cuspidatum), blueberries and peanuts.

In a study, which appeared in the November 11,
2005, issue of the Journal of Biological Chemistry, investigators
demonstrated that resveratrol significantly lowers the levels
of secreted and intracellular amyloid-beta (Abeta) peptides
produced from different cell lines.

Several epidemiological studies indicate that the
moderate consumption of wine is associated with a lower
incidence of Alzheimer’s disease.

The October 30, 2006 edition of the Wall Street Journal
reported that studies on the red wine compound resveratrol
extend animal lifespans by as much as 40%. Resveratrol was
also considered for its potential life extending properties in
an article related to Calorie Restricted diets in the October
31, 2006 edition of The New York Times - the scientific journal
Nature published the original article that was quoted by both
newspapers.

The study conducted on mice by Harvard Medical
School and the National Institute of Aging researchers, finds
that resveratrol negates the negative effects of a high-fat, high-calorie diet, a finding which experts are calling remarkable. In
the study, one-year-old mice were randomly split into three
groups, a control group fed a standard mouse pellet diet, a
group fed a high-fat (60% fat), high calorie diet, and a group
fed the same high-fat, high-calorie diet plus resveratrol. Within
six months both groups of mice on he experimental diets had
become obese. However, after a year, the mice which were
also receiving the resveratrol were healthier, they did not
develop the insulin resistance, heart disease or liver damage
that their counterparts did. In addition the mice getting the
resveratrol had a 31% lower risk of death.


 

Coffee

Coffee (Coffea arabica) has been consumed for more
than 1,000 years as a health drink, central nervous system
stimulant, physical stimulant, as an energizer and to increase
one’s metabolic rate. Today, approximately 60% of Americans
drink a significant quantity of coffee daily.

Different types of coffee are preferred in different parts
of the world. Arabica coffee is produced mostly in South and
Central America, particularly in Brazil, Columbia, Mexico
and Guatemala, while “robusta” coffee is produced mostly in
African countries including the Ivory Coast, Uganda, Angola,
etc. In the United States, Columbian and Central American
coffees are preferred over Brazilian and African coffees. The
March 1981 issue of National Geographic concluded that the
world’s annual coffee bean harvest would make 3,644,000,000
cubic feet of liquid coffee, a volume equal to the Mississippi's
outflow for one and one half hours.

History of Coffee

There are several accounts that describe the discovery of
the benefits of coffee. A favorite account tells of the legendary
Sufi mystic Shaikh ash-Shadhili traveling through Ethiopia
and that he noticed goats with great energy, whereupon he
tried eating the berries that the goats were eating and he
personally experienced the same increase in energy.

The second legend involves Kaldi, a goat herder from
Caffa, Ethiopia, who told his friends about a strange “dancing”
behavior in his goats after they consumed a particular plant.
He noticed that his goats became hyperactive and jumpy (a
behavior he described as dancing) after eating the red cherries

===== Screenshot (214) =====

 

from a shiny green plant when they changed pastures. He
tried a few of the berries himself and was soon as hyperactive
as his goats.

The story goes on that a local monk happened by and
chastised Kaldi for “ partaking of the devil's fruit.” The monk
soon realized, however, that the berries from the shiny green
plant could help him stay awake longer and that he could
then pray for several more hours each day.

Omar, an Arabian, and his followers were banished
from a town for petty crimes and directed out to the desert
where it was predicted that they would die of thirst and
starvation. As a last resort, Omar and his friends boiled and
ate the berries from the shiny green plant.

Omar and his band of friends not only survived, but
they became folk legends and their survival was considered a
religious sign by the local residents of the town called Mocha.
Locally the previously humble plant was named after the
town and became “ mocha!”

The coffee plant is a native of the African nation of
Ethiopia, however, through merchants and their use of
traditional trade routes coffee was transplanted to Arabia
where it became a significant and initially monopolized trade
good. It is believed that the name coffee comes specifically
from the Kingdom of Kaffa in Ethiopia.

Prior to 1000 A.D., the people of the Galla tribe of
Ethiopia traditionally ground up the coffee berry, wrapped
the ground up coffee bean in animal fat and used it as a source
of energy on long trips or raids on neighboring tribes.

Arab merchants brought the energy laden beans back
to their home countries and started coffee plantations about
1000 A.D. They called the boiled drink, “qahwa” which
translates to “that which prevents sleep” or “qahhwat al-bun”
which translates to “wine of the bean.”

The first scientific writings on coffee appear as
“Bunchum” in the writings of the 10th century Persian
physician Razi. The most important of the early writers on


 

coffee was Abd al-Qadir al-Jazin, who in 1857 compiled a
history on coffee, including the legal controversies of coffee
entitled Umdat al Safwa fi hill al-qahwa.” He reported that
Sheikh Jamal-al-Din al-Dhabhani, mufti of Aden, was the first
to adopt the use of coffee (circa 1454).

The Turks were the first people to use coffee as a
drink and that is why Turkish coffee is so highly prized by
coffee experts yet today. The Turks often added spices such
as cloves, cinnamon, cardamom and anise to the beverage to
create unique flavors.

The export of the coffee plant outside of the Muslim
nations was deemed to beacrime by governments and the world
wide distribution of coffee was actually started as an illegal
enterprise. An Arab by the name of Baba Budan smuggled the
beans to Mysore, India and started a coffee plantation.

Coffee was introduced to Constantinople in 1453 by the
Ottoman Turks who called the brew “kahve.” The world’s first
“coffee shop” called Kiva Han opened there in 1475. At the
same time Turkish law allowed that a woman could divorce
her husband if he failed to provide her with her daily coffee.

In 1511, Khair Beg, a corrupt governor of Mecca,
attempted to ban coffee because he feared that, “The brew’s
influence would kindle opposition to his power.” Orthodox
imams at a theological court in Mecca also banned the drink.
The popularity of coffee, however, resulted in the bans being
overturned by an order of the local Ottoman Turkish sultan
Selim 1. He declared that, “Coffee and its use was sacred” and
had the governor executed in 1524.

According to Leonhard Rauwolf’s account, coffee
became available in England in 1583, largely through the
efforts of the British East India Company and the Dutch East
India Company.

The first English coffee house was opened in St
Michael's Alley in Cornhill. The proprietor was Pasqua
Rose’e, a servant of Daniel Ewards. Edwards was a trader in
Turkish goods who imported the coffee and financed Rose’e

===== Screenshot (215) =====

to set up the coffee house. The popularity of coffee houses
spread rapidly throughout Europe and America and by 1675,
there were more than 3,000 coffee houses in England alone!

In 1598, the word “coffee” entered the English language
from the Italian word caffe’.

In 1600, coffee was introduced to the western world by
Italian merchants.

In the early days of the introduction of coffee to the
Christian world, the drink was believed to be “the devil's
drink” and there were calls to ban the Muslim brew. Pope
Clement VIII heard this complaint and decided to taste the
coffee brew before he declared coffee drinking a sin. He
enjoyed the coffee so much that in 1600 he baptized the drink
and declared, “Coffee is so delicious it would be a pity to let
the infidels have exclusive use of the drink.”

In 1607, Captain John Smith introduces coffee to North
America during the founding of the colony of Virginia at the
village of Jamestown.

In 1645, the first coffee house opens in Itay. The busy
trade between the merchants of Venice and the Muslims of
North Africa, Egypt and East Africa introduced a broad variety
of African goods. The merchants of Venice then decided to
sell coffee to the wealthy of the city because they could charge
a high price for the exotic drink.

In 1652, the first coffee house opens in England. Coffee
houses quickly multiplied and became popular gathering
places for people of all ranks of life, where discussions and
the great debates of the day took place. The price of a cup of
coffee was a penny, as a result coffee houses became known
as “penny universities.”

Antoine Galland (1646-1715) had translated the 1587
writings of Abd al-Qadir al-Jazin on the history of coffee
for the French Royal Library and described the Muslim
connection with coffee, tea and chocolate. He said, “We are
indebted to the great (Arab) physicians for introducing coffee
to the modern world through their writings, as well as sugar,

tea and chocolate.”

By 1668 coffee replaced beer as the universal breakfast
drink in New York. In the same year Edward Lloyd's coffee
house opens in England and is frequented by merchants
and maritime insurance agents. The coffee house ultimately
becomes Lloyd’s of London, the most well known insurance
company in the world.

In 1669, Soleiman Agha, Ambassador from Sultan
Mehmed IV arrived in Paris with his entourage bringing with
him a large supply of coffee beans. They treated their high
ranking guests with coffee to drink and “by May of 1670,
drinking coffee in side walk cafes was a custom in Paris.”

In 1672, the first coffee house opened in Paris.

In 1675, Turkish forces surrounded the city of Vienna
and threatened Austria itself. Franz Georg Kolschitzky, a
Viennese citizen, of Polish extract (Franciszek Jerzy Kulczycki),
who lived in Turkey, broke through the Turkish lines with a
relief force and saved the city. In their haste, the fleeing Turks
left behind many things including sacks of “dry black fodder”
which Kolschitzky recognized as coffee. He claimed the
coffee as his and promptly establishes central Europe’s first
coffee house in 1683. He invented the habit of filtering out the
“srounds,” sweetening the coffee with sugar and adding milk
to the warm drink.

In 1690, the Dutch merchants smuggle live coffee
plants out of the port city of Mocha to Ceylon and their East
Indian colony of Java (the source of the drink’s nickname)
and they become the first people in the west to cultivate coffee
commercially.

In 1713, the Dutch mistakenly provide Louis XIV of
France with a live coffee bush. In 1723, Gabriel Mathieu do
Clieu, a French naval officer, steels a coffee bush seedling and
delivers it to Martinique. Within 50 years an official survey
lists 19 million coffee trees in Martinique and over time 90%
of the world’s coffee production comes from the descendants
of the single stolen plant!

===== Screenshot (216) =====
Saal UN Yee

In 1721 the
Germany.

In 1727 the Brazillian coffee industry starts up when Lt.
Colonel Francisco del Melo Palheta is dispatched by Brazil to
arbitrate a border dispute between the French and the Dutch
colonies in Guiana. He settles the dispute and he establishes a
secret relationship with the wife of the French Governor.

Officially the French government closely held the
cultivation secrets of coffee to prevent other nations from
establishing competing coffee exports, however, when his
lady bid him farewell, she sent Palheta off with a bouquet i in
which she had hid live plants and beans of coffee.

In 1732 Johann Sebastian Bach composes his famous
Kaffe-Kantate. He wrote the piece partly as an ode to coffee
and partly as a slap at the movement in Germany to keep
women from drinking coffee. The cantata includes the aria,
Ah! How sweet coffee tastes! Lovelier than a thousand kisses,
than muscatel wine! I must have my coffee.”

In December 1773, the “Boston Tea Party” makes
drinking coffee a patriotic duty in America and countries that
supported the fledgling nation.

In 1775, Frederick the Great of Prussia, attempted to
block the import of green coffee, however, as Prussia’s wealth
was drained as citizens continued to buy the foreign beverage he
relented and finally allowed the importation of green coffee.

By the 1800s, Brazil’s coffee harvests changed coffee
from an indulgence of the elite to a drink of the masses. Brazil
relied heavily on slave labor from Africa to operate their coffee
plantations until the abolition of Brazilian slavery in 1888. Brazil
continued to be the largest coffee producer until the 19th and
early 20th centuries when Columbia, Guatemala, Indonesia
and Vietnam jumped into the coffee market. In the 21st century
Vietnam ranked second only to Brazil in coffee production! i

In 1886, Joel Cheek, originally a wholesale grocer, named
his particular coffee blend “Maxwell House” after his hotel in
Nashville, TN where his brew was featured as a hot drink.

first Berlin coffee house opens in


 

In the early 1900s, the afternoon coffee gatherings of
women in Germany become known as “KaffeeKlatsch” to
describe the gossip sessions - the term was later used to describe
gatherings of relaxed conversation where coffee was served.

Int 1900 the Hills brothers begin packing and selling
roast coffee in vacuum cans which resulted i in the end of local
roasting shops and the coffee mills.

In 1901 the first soluble “instant” coffee is invented and
marketed by Satori Kato, a Japanese-American chemist from
Chicago.

In 1903 Ludwig Roselius, a German coffee importer,
donated a supply of damaged coffee beans to inventors who
perfected the process of removing caffeine from the coffee
beans without damaging the flavor. Roselius marketed the
“decaffeinated” coffee under the brand name of “Sanka.”
The brand name of Sanka was not introduced into the United
States until 1923.

In 1906 an English chemist by the name of George
Constant Washington, notices a fine dust forming on the
spout of his silver coffee carafe. After some time he perfects
an instant coffee, which he mass-produces and markets under
the brand name of “Red E Coffee.”

By 1907, in less than a century, Brazil produces 97% of
the world’s coffee harvest!

In 1920 prohibition is voted into law, causing coffee
sales to skyrocket!

In 1938, Brazil engages the Nestle Company to come
up with a way to economically use their coffee surpluses.
Nestle scientists create freeze-dried coffee and they market it
in Switzerland as Nescafe.

By 1940 the United States imports 70% of the world’s
coffee crop!

In 1942 American Gls are issued Maxwell House
coffee in their meal ration packages, while back in America
widespread coffee hoarding and black market selling leads to
coffee rationing by the government.

===== Screenshot (217) =====

 

In 1946, Achilles Gaggia, an Italian, perfects the
first espresso machine. Cappuccino is named for its color’s
resemblance to the color of the robes of the monks of the
Capuchin order.

In 1969, one week before the Woodstock concert, the
“Manson Family” murders coffee heiress Abigail Folger as
she visits with her friend Sharon Tate at the home of the movie
producer Roman Polanski.

In 1971, Starbucks (named for the first mate in Melvile’s
Moby Dick) opens its first coffee bean store in Seattle’s Pike
Place public market. In 1983, Howard Schultz, who started
as a coffee bean salesman for Starbucks, visited Milan, Italy
and fell in love with the environment of the “espresso bar.”
“It was about conversation. About community. About human
connection. And fine coffee was the link. I thought. You know,
we could do this in Seattle,” says Schultz.

In April of 1984, Schultz set up a small espresso bar
in the rear corner of the coffee bean store and offered “caffe
latte” which created a marketing frenzy over the fresh-roasted
whole bean coffee. Within days there were long lines on the
sidewalk outside of the coffee bean store! He left Starbucks
and opened his own espresso bar, which he called Il Giornale
(The Daily). Two years later he bought out Starbucks and by
2008 he opened 8,500 stores world wide.

In mid-2008, Schultz was forced to close 600 Starbucks
stores in the U.S. and two thirds of his Australian stores
because of a widespread financial crisis - job transfers out of
the U.S. to China, India and Mexico and a resultant housing
mortgage collapse.

It was about 200 years ago that we learned that the
“buzz” we got from coffee and tea was produced by the same
phytochemical substance. The buzz was in fact produced by
an alkaloid (caffeine) that is found universally in the leaves,
seeds and the fruit of coffee, tea, cacao, kola and as many as 60
other plant species. This “wonder drug” was prescribed for
human energy enhancement as far back as 500 B.C. by Lao-


 

tzu, the spiritual leader who created Taoism.

In 1820 coffee shops flourished throughout Western
Europe. At this time, Friedlieb Ferdinand Runge, a German
chemist isolated and purified the active ingredient of coffee
- caffeine or “something found in coffee.” In 1838, plant
chemists discovered that the buzz ingredient in tea was the
same phytochemical as Runge’s caffeine. Before the end of the
19th century caffeine would be found in kola nuts and cacao.

It was not an accident that coffee and tea became
popular in Europe just as the Industrial Revolution was
launched. The universal use of caffeinated drinks replaced the
popular consumption of beer and paved the way for humans
to move from the subsistence farm to the factory!

The act of boiling water to make coffee or tea reduced
the incidence of water borne disease in the factory’s employees
and the caffeine prevented accidents by keeping them from
falling asleep and falling into the machinery. Truly, coffee
and tea greased the rails into the Industrial Revolution.

Caffeine, like other “drugs” has a significant impact
on mental and physical performance. Numerous studies
have shown that caffeine is analeptic (it stimulates the central
nervous system) and ergogenic (improves energy levels and
physical performance); it improves reaction speed, combats
fatigue, improves performance in driving, flying, solving
simple math problems and improves data entry accuracy.

In 2006 a significant study was released that showed
the high antioxidant content of coffee (i.e. polyphenols,
catechins, epicatechins, etc.) could reduce the risk of diabetes,
heart disease and rheumatoid arthritis, and more specifically
the caffeine in coffee was linked to relieving post workout
pain and facilitating healthy fat metabolism.

Twenty-five years ago, lattes and cappuccinos were
typically found in the coffee houses of New York, San
Francisco and Seattle - now they are being offered in the
humble fastfood environment including McDonald’s, Jack in
the Box and Dunkin’ Donuts.

===== Screenshot (218) =====

 

According to a National Coffee Association Study, the
daily consumption of coffee in the United States for the year
2007 surpassed that of sodas for the first time in more than
15 years, with 57% of Americans drinking coffee every day
compared to 51% for sodas. The United States imported 1.39
million tons of coffee in 2005.

In May of 2007 McDonald's began offering its McCafes’
versions of lattes, cappuccinos and mochas at its stores in
southern California and Michigan. McDonalds expects to

“provide a latte at the highest quality but atan awesome price.”
McDonald’s McCafe recently received a higher rating than
Starbucks in a Consumer Reports taste test! Starbucks retaliated
by offering hot breakfast sandwiches - an egg McMuffin with
ingredients such as Havarti cheese, Black Forest ham and
baby spinach.

Tea - “The Elixir of Immortality”

The tea plant (Camella sinensis or Thea sinensis), a native
of southern China, early times to
Chinese botanists and as a medicine to Traditional Chinese
Medicine. It is written of by various names including Tou,
Tseh, Chung, Kha and Ming, and was highly revered for its
ability to relieve fatigue, delighting the soul, strengthening
the will and repairing eyesight.

was known from very

Tea could be administered as a drink internally, but
as frequently it was applied topically as a paste to alleviate
arthritis pains. The Taoists claimed it as an important
ingredient of the “Elixir of Immortality.” The Budhists used
tea extensively to prevent drowsiness during their long hours
of meditation.

By the 4thand 5th centuries, Tea becamea favorite drink
of the people of the Yangtse-Kiang Valley. It was during this


 

time that the modern name, Cha was coined as a corruption
of the more classic Tou.

Emperors rewarded ministers with rare blends of
tea leaves for special services rendered. The leaves were
steamed, crushed in a mortar, made into a cake, and boiled
together with rice, ginger, salt, orange peel, spices, milk and
sometimes onions. These customs of tea preparation remain
today in Tibet and Mongolia. The use of lemon slices with tea
was introduced by the Russians.

Luwuh, a poet, recognized in the Tea-service the “same
harmony and order which reigned through all things.” In his
classic writings, the “Chaking” (The Holy Scripture of Tea),
he formulated the Code of Tea. Since his writings, Luwuh
continues to be “worshipped as the tutelary god of the Chinese
tea merchants.”

The “Chaking” is made up of three volumes and ten
chapters. In the first chapter Luwuh discuses the nature of
the tea plant, in the second he describes the tools required for
the gathering of the leaves, in the third he talks about how
to select the finest tea leaves. According to Luwuh, the best
quality leaves must have “creases like the leathern boot of the
Tartar horsemen, curl like the dew-lap of a mighty bullock,
unfold like a mist rising out of a ravine, gleams like a lake
touched by a zephyr, and be wet and soft like fine earth newly
swept by rain.”

The fourth chapter is devoted to the enumeration and
description of the 24 members of the tea tools and equipment,
starting with the tripod brazier and concluding with the
bamboo cabinet for stowing the utensils.

Luwuh favored Taoist symbolism whichalso influenced
the art of Chinese porcelain making. The Celestial porcelain
had its beginnings in an attempt to produce the exotic and
the exquisite shade of jade, resulting, in the Tang dynasty, in
the blue glaze of the south, and the white glaze of the north.
Luwuh believed the blue as the ideal color for the tea-cup,
as it lent additional greenness to the tea; whereas the white

“a

===== Screenshot (219) =====
Soe

imparted a pinkish and “ distasteful result;” the result was not
good because he used cake-tea.

Sometime later the tea-masters of Sung favored the
powdered tea, they preferred heavy bowls of blue-black and
dark brown colors. The Mings used steeped tea and preffered
the lighter bowls of white porcelain.

In the fifth chapter Luwuh reveals the methods of
making tea. He eliminated all ingredients except salt. He
devoted much space to the choice of water and to the degree
the water was boiled. Luwuh preferred mountain spring
water, with river and spring water coming in second and
third. He described 3 stages of boiling:

The first boil is when the little bubbles like the eye of
fishes swim on the surface;

the second boil is when the bubbles are like crystal beads
rolling in a fountain;

the third boil is when the billows surge wildly in the kettle.

The cake-tea is typically roasted before the fire until it
becomes soft “like a baby’s arm” and is shredded into powder
between two pieces of paper. Salt is added to the first boil, the
tea in the second. At the third boil, a dipperful of cold water
is added to the kettle “to settle the tea and revive the youth of
the water.” The tea was then served and consumed. —

The tea-room does not pretend to be other than a mere
cottage - The simplicity and purism of the tea-room - Symbolism
in the construction of the tea-room - The system of its decoration
- A sanctuary from the vexations of the outer world.

The tea-room (the Sukiya) does not pretend to be other
thana mere cottage - a straw hut, asit is usually referred to. The
original characters, for the Sukiya, ment - the” Abode of Fancy.”
It is an Abode of Fancy in that it is built to welcome a creative
impulse. It is an Abode of Vacancy as it is without decoration.


 

It is an Abode of the Unsymmetrical as it is designed for the
witnessing of the Imperfect, leaving something unfinished on
purpose to invite mental activity to create the completion. To
the western eye the extreme Japanese simplistic interior of the
tea-room appears barren.

The first free standing tea-room was the brain-child
of Senno-Soyeki, generally known as Rikiu, the greatest and
most revered of all tea-masters created and perfected the
formalities of the Tea-ceremony. The dimensions of the tea-room had been determined earlier by Jowo, a highly regarded
15th century tea-master. The original tea-rooms consisted of a
small portion of the drawing-room partitioned off by screens
for the purpose of the tea-gathering. The portion partitioned
off was referred to as the Kakoi or enclosure, a name that is
still used to describe tea-rooms that are built into a private
home. The Sukiya refers to the tea-room itself, it classically is
designed to comfortably seat five or less people, symbolizing
the thought “more than Graces and less than the Muses,” an
anteroom (midsuya) where the tea utensils are washed and
arranged before being brought into the tea-room, a portico
(machiai) in which the guests congregate until they are invited
to enter the room, and a garden path (roji) which connects
the machiai with the tea-room. The tea-room is in itself
unimpressive in appearance. It is smaller than the smallest
of Japanese houses, and the materials used in its construction
are purposely intended to give the idea of “refined poverty.”
A good tea-room will cost more than a typical mansion!

Green tea (Camella sinensis or Thea sinensis) and black
tea both originate from the same plant and differ only in the
preparation. Green tea is dried for a short period of time and
heated sooner than black tea to prevent fermentation (China
and Japan). Black tea comes from India, Sri Lanka, Kenya,
Indonesia, Turkey, Pakistan, Malawi and Argentina. In the
21st century tea is a $750 million cash crop in India’s eastern
state of Assam alone. Historically there is thought to be three
stages in the evolution of tea.

===== Screenshot (220) =====

The three stages of the evolution of Tea:

The Boiled Tea, the Whipped Tea, and the Steeped Tea,
representative of the Tang, the Sung and the Ming dynasties of
China - Luwuh, the first apostle of tea - the Tea - ideals of the
three dynasties - To the latter-day Chinese Tea is a deliscious
beverage, but not an ideal - In Japan, Tea is a religion of the
art of life.

As of 2007, China consumes 700,000 tons of tea each
year.

; Green tea contains xanthines, caffeine,
tannins, polyphenols, catechins, flavonoids, oils and fats and
vitamin C. The
credited with significant anti-cancer activity (can reduce risk
of cancer by as much as 90%). Catechins are 100 times more
potent than vitamin C and 25 times more potent than vitamin
E in neutralizing free

Over human have
designed rituals to enhance the pleasure when they consume
their favorite beverage. Frequently, the preparation ritual or
ceremony has evolved to the point that it adds significant
value to the drink. T. R. “In Japan’s austerely
elegant chanoyu, or tea ceremony, the simple surroundings of
the tearoom, the soft rustle of kimono across tatami floor, the
spare beauty of a hand-molded brown cup, matter as much as
the tea itself.” The earliest record of tea in European writings
is said to be found in the statement of an Arabian traveler,
that after the year 879 A.D. the main sources of revenue in
Canton were the duties on salt and tea. Marco Polo records
the deposition of a Chinese minister of finance in 1285 A.D.
for his arbitrary augmentation of the tea-taxes. It was at the
period of the Great Discoveries that the European people
began to know more about the extreme Orient.

At the end of the 16th century the Hollanders brought the
news that a pleasant drink was made in the East from the leaves
of a bush. The travelers Giovanni Batista Ramusio (1559), L

theobromine,

catechins in green tea are the antioxidants

radicals.

thousands of years cultures

Reid says,


 

Almeida (1576), Maffeno (1588), Tareira (1610), also mentioned
tea. In the last-named year, ships of the Dutch East India
Company brought the first tea into Europe. It was known in
France in 1636, and reached Russia in 1638. England welcomed
tea in 1650 and generally spoke of it as “That excellent and by
all physicians approved China drink, called by the Chineans
Tcha, and by other nations Tay, alias Tee.”

Like many good things found in the world, the mystique
and marketing of tea generated opposition. Henry Saville
(1678) denounced drinking tea as a “filthy custom.” Jonas
Hanway (Essay on Tea, 1756) said that, “men seemed to lose
their stature and comeliness, women their beauty through the
use of tea.” Its cost in its first introduction to the west (15 or 16
shillings a pound) prevented popular consumption and made
it “regalia for high treatments and entertainments, presents
being made thereof to princes and grandees.”

The coffee houses of London in the second half of the
18th century became tea-houses, the haunts of writers and
artists such as Addison and Steele who “beguiled themselves
over their dish of tea.” Tea quickly became a necessity of life
and as a result - taxable.

In 1711, the Spectator, stated, “I would therefore in a
particular manner recommend these my speculations to all
well-regulated families that set apart an hour every morning
for tea, bread and butter; and would earnestly advise them
for their good to order this paper to be punctually served up
and to be looked upon as a part of the tea-equipage.”

Samuel Johnson described himself as “a hardened and
shameless tea-drinker, who for twenty years diluted his meals
with only the infusion of the fascinating plant; who, with tea,
amused the evening, with tea solaced the midnight, and with
tea welcomed the morning.”

Colonial America accepted the King of England’s
oppression until he imposed a 3% tax on tea. The American
Revolution against England began with Samuel Adams and
a loyal band of revolutionaries (Sons of Liberty) dressing as

===== Screenshot (221) =====
 


 

Indians and throwing imported English tea into the Boston
Harbor as a protest.

The “Boston Tea Party” began when the British
Parliament passed the Tea Act in 1773 in hopes of forcing the
colonies to purchase tea directly from Great Britain’s failing
East India Company rather than from colonial importers, who
often sold smuggled tea purchased from Holland through the
Dutch East India Company.

The new law was seen by Americans as an attempt by
Great Britain to undercut local merchants in order to reward a
London monopoly, and a tea boycott soon spread throughout
the colonies. However, a boycott seemed too passive a strategy
for Boston’s Samuel Adams.

On December 16, 1773 Adams led a wild meeting that
was sponsored by the Sons of Liberty at Boston’s Old South
Church. A crowd of more than 8,000 people attended and
filled the hall and the crowd soon spilled out onto the street.
Adams, who was a charismatic speaker, whipped the crowd
into hysteria, and urged the crowd to defy the British by
throwing the officially approved tea into the Boston Harbor.

At a signal from Adams, dozens of members of the
Sons of Liberty appeared from the back of the church made
up as Mohawk warriors. They led the screaming crowd to the
wharf, where H.M.S. Dartmouth, Eleanor and Beaver were
tied up. They then boarded the vessels and proceded to throw
342 large bales of British tea overboard!

Adams wascommited to havea political victory without
causing a bloody response from the British. He convinced the
rebels to restrain themselves, “No violence or you'll hurt the
cause!” As one patriot wrote, “We were surrounded by British
armed ships, but no attempt was made to resist us.” .

The Boston Tea Party energized and galvanized the
entire population of the American Colonies. Parliament
countered by passing five laws that the Americans quickly
labeled the “Intolerable Acts,” which closed Boston Harbor,
established martial law, and effectively abolished local


 

and state government in Boston and the entire state of
Massachusetts.

Though the Intolerable Acts only directly affected
Massachusetts, the severity of these five laws united the
colonials everywhere, and caused them to quickly organize a
Continental Congress.

At that moment the colonials moved from the cry, “No
taxation without representation,” to “Give me liberty or give
me death!”

After hearing of the events in Boston, King George
III predicted, “The die is now cast. The Colonies must either
submit or triumph.”

Chocolate

The Spanish first found the Mayans drinking a beverage
considerably different from what we usually think of as hot
chocolate.

The Maya preferably consumed hot chocolate thick
and foamy. While standing, the Maya poured the chocolate
beverage froma spouted pot into another vessel on the ground.
The act of pouring over a distance, combined with the fatty
cacao butter, produced a thick head of rich, dark, chocolate
foam - the most revered part of the drink. The scientific name
for the cacao tree is, Theobroma cacao, or “food of the gods.”

In 1981, a team of archaeologists from the University of
Texas at Austin, discovered 14 spouted drinking vessels used
by the ancient Mayan civilization dating back from about 900
B.C. to A.D. 1300. The origin of chocolate use goes back to
the Olmec civilization which preceded the Maya. The Olmec,
or “rubber people,” were the first culture in the Western
Hemisphere to relish chocolate.

In modern times, chocolate is thought of as an

===== Screenshot (222) =====
 


indulgence, as something that overweight and obese people
gorge themselves on - yet, chocolate can be one of the great
natural herbal weight control products ever known to man.

Studies published in the Journal of the American College
of Nutrition, reported that chocolate does not raise cholesterol
or increase LDL.

In a 2003 issue of the journal, Hypertension, it was
reported that the flavanoids in cacao could help increase
blood flow to the heart, brain, hands and legs.

Anarticle in the Journal of Agriculture and Food Chemistry,
reported that cacao has a higher antioxidant rating than tea or
red wine.

When people crave chocolate, they are really mineral
deficient (pica, munchies, etc.). In fact, bitter, dark unsweetened
chocolate has a very low glycemic index because up to 70% of
the chocolate’s calories come from fat, and fat does not raise
blood sugar.

Cacao butter, the fat in chocolate, is comprised of
stearic acid (34%), palmitic acid (20%) and oleic acid (30%).
Both stearic and palmitic acids are saturated fats; oleic acid is
a mono-saturated fat that is also found in olive oil.

Cacao powder is made when the fat, or “Cocoa butter,”
is pressed out of the “liquor” - most cocoa powders have little
or no fat.

Chemistry of Chocolate

Chocolate is a rich source of cocoagin, caffeine,
theobromine, flavanol and flavonoids. These compounds
thermogenic (energy generating) properties and
antioxidant properties that make bitter chocolate a great
energy generator, a great weight loss product and a super free
radical neutralizing herb.

have


 

Dozens of scientific studies have found that chocolate
is rich with a broad range of phytonutrients. The class of
phytonutrients, known as polyphenols, are one of dark
chocolate’s most important chemical constituents. These
phytochemicals include some of the most potent antioxidant
and anti-inflammatory compounds that occur in nature.
Polyphenols occur as flavonoids or bioflavanoids, phenolic
acids, simple phenols, phenylpropanoids, quinines, stilbenes
and xanthones.

Flavanoids make up two-thirds of the polyphenol
family of phytochemicals. Flavanoids typically cause the the
plant (cocoa, green tea, etc.) to have a bitter taste - “bitter”
chocolate. Chocolate, with a dark color and bitter taste, has a
significant level of clinically useful antioxidants.

Anthocyanins are an extremely valuable subgroup
of flavonoids that provide extra nutritional benefits.
Anthocyanins provide anti-inflammatory and antioxidant
features and also supports the body’s ability to metabolize
sugar. Supporting healthy metabolism and healthy blood
sugar levels lowers the risks of developing type II diabetes
and obesity. Anthocyanins are able to support healthy blood
sugar levels and efficiently neutralize free radicals.

Anthocyanins are unusual in that they prevent and
repair free radical damage to small blood vessels. Damage
to blood vessel’s walls (inflammation) is the direct cause of
atherosclerosis, coronary thrombosisand stroke. Anthocyanins
can block histamine response, reduce the affects of allergic
reactions, inflammation and irritation. Several studies showed
that anthocyanins can stop the inflammation associated with
arthritis, gastric ulcers, diabetes and cardiovascular disease.

Catechins and epicatechins are phytonutrients that
add to chocolate’s disease relieving arsenal. Studies show
that catechins and epicatechins prevent the creation of
carcinogens, and they initiate and support the body’s inherent
“detoxification” and defense processes. Many investigators
believe that epicatechins should be listed as a third category

===== Screenshot (223) =====
 


 

of vitamins: i. e. - 1) fat soluble; 2) water soluble; 3) flavanols/
catechins.

Many additional categories of polyphenols and
phytonutrients are found in chocolate. Dozens of significant
and well respected studies have shown that the antioxidant
nutrients found in chocolate can lead to a longer, more
energetic and fuller life!

An important phytochemical found in chocolate is
phenylethylamine (PEA), this neurotransmitter stimulates the
body’s pleasure centers. Large q uantities of PEA are associated
with feelings of excitement, attraction and sexual pleasure. It
is the affects of the PEA in chocolate that has caused chocolate
to be given as a traditional seductive gift for Valentine’s Day,
anniversaries and to get out of the “dog house.”

Anandaminde_ is found
in chocolate. This phytochemical targets the same brain
structures that are targeted by the active ingredient in
marijuana - THC.

The cardiovascular

another neurotransmitter

benefits of dark chocolate are
considerably higher than those attributed to green tea, red
wine and other whole food antioxidants.

A team of researchers from the Harvard School of
Public Health reviewed 136 studies on the relationship of
chocolate and cocoa to cardiovascular health. The study
included research ranging from lab tests to human studies.
The research team concluded that chocolate is a major source
of flavanoids (epicatechins, catechins and procyanidins) and
determined that “the primary fat in chocolate (stearic acid)
did not have adverse effects on blood vessels, cholesterol
or overall cardiovascular health” because it is metabolized
differently than other types of saturated fats.

The Harvard study also concluded that regular
chocolate intake can lower blood pressure, decrease vascular
inflammation, rates of thrombosis, increased
levels of HDL and lowered levels of LDL, improved vascular
endothelial function and _ health,

decreased

increased nitric acid

production and increased activity of prostacyclins, which
support the relaxation of blood vessels.

Research performed jointly by a team from the
University of California, Davis and Tufts University, and
published in 2005 in The American Journal of Clinical Nutrition,
demonstrated that the proanthocyanin and flavanol content
of cocoa demonstrated significant antioxidant properties and
the ability to protect the heart and vascular systems. According
to Dr. Carl Keen, “These nutrients have been shown to affect
numerous intracellular signaling cascades, and to influence
the cardiovascular system by enhancing vascular function
and decreasing platelet activity.”

A 2006 study completed by a team of researchers
from the University of California-Davis and the University
of Dusseldorf, Germany determined that the compound
epicatechin found in cocoa is directly linked to improved
circulation and other hallmarks of healthy cardiovascular
function. The researchers stated that, “The results of the study
provide direct proof that epicatechin is responsible for the
beneficial vascular effects observed after the consumption of
certain flavanol-rich cocoa (foods).”

Crucial to this study were volunteers from the
Panamanian tribe of Indians called the Kuna. High blood
pressure and other negative signs of cardiovascular disease
are rare amongst the island-dwelling Kuna, who are also
known to consume large amounts (3 to 4 cups per day) of
chocolate in the form of a traditional beverage.

Further studies showed that the Kuna who migrated to
urban environments, and consequently consume less cocoa,
do not enjoy the same level of cardiovascular health.

When the Kuna returned again to a high consumption
level of cocoa, the researchers found that the risk factors for
cardiovascular disease were reduced significantly.

The well respected investigators Mary and Marguerite
Engler completed a study that elucidated the mechanism of
how chocolate improves the health of the endothelial lining

===== Screenshot (224) =====
 


of blood vessels. In their studies, 21 subjects were given either
a high-flavanoid dark chocolate or a low-flavanoid dark
chocolate every day for two weeks. The results indicated that
those individuals eating the high-flavanoid dark chocolate had
a significantly higher endothelial (vascular lining) function
than those consuming the low-flavanoid chocolate.

Chocolate Tasting

There are many ways to evaluate chocolate; one is by the
percentage of chocolate in the product; the country of origin;
another is by the ORAC value; and yet another is by taste.

Evaluating and choosing chocolate by taste is done
much in the same manner as evaluating and choosing a good
wine. Taste is defined by categories: “Chocolatey,” “Fruity,”
“Nutty,” “Earthy,” “Floral,” and “Citrus.”

Calorie Restricted Diets

Calorie Restricted diets (without malnutrition),
universally known to increase the life span of all laboratory,
pet and farm animals, is a common thread found amongst
centenarians in history and currently amongst centenarians
in all Blue Zones.

In most cases the caloric levels fall between 1,250 and
1,800 calories per day, with those performing more physical
labor consuming the higher calorie levels.


Mineral-rich Diets

Mineral rich diets, found universally in all Blue Zones,
are an absolute requirement to reach the centenarian club. In
all cases, the Blue Zones have multiple sources rich in a wide
spectrum of minerals.

A high protein, low carbohydrate diet is relatively
forgiving of a low vitamin intake, but unforgiving of a low
mineral diet.

Sources of Nutritional Minerals in the Blue Zones

 

Glacial Milk

River silt

Rock dust

Wood ashes (universal)
Kelp ashes

Sea weed ashes

Rice straw ashes

Peat moss ashes

Manure ashes

===== Screenshot (225) =====
 


Land Mines

Land mines that will certainly prevent you from reaching
100 years of age include smoking, drinking excess alcohol,
using street or prescription drugs, not getting second medical
opinions, eating fried foods (trans fatty acids), eating burnt or
well-done meats (heterocyclic amines), consuming sugar and
large quantities of super-heated carbohydrates (acrylamides),
indulging in dangerous high-risk behaviors (DUI, mountain
climbing alone, exercise without supplementing, prescription
drugs, prescription polypharmacy, etc.).

One of the unintended benefits of the Blues Zones is
that they are remote and have little or no access to doctors,
pharmaceuticals, commercial French fries, fried chicken, fried
fish, fried shrimp, fried clams, high fructose corn syrup, soft
drinks, white flour, etc.

Looking Good

Avoiding the land mines includes not “doing yourself
in” as a result of unintended consequences. Included in the
timeless and endless quest for a “fountain of youth” is a
passion for beauty - to many, “beauty” is a significant aspect
of and an outward sign of “youth.”

Gray hair, wrinkles, blemishes, sagging facial and
body parts and lack of energy are universally interpreted as
the inevitable signals and outward signs of decline, aging and
the harbingers of a shortened life and impending death.

Over thousands of years great and powerful leaders
have left no stone unturned and have spent vast sums of
money, rivaling the expenditures of the Crusades and the
construction of monuments (pyramids) looking for endless


 

youth and immortality to no avail.

Even when Columbus convinced the Queen of Spain to
fund his exploration for a westerly route to the “West Indies,”
riches and plunder for Spain, her personal interest was in
having the accountant (Ponce de Leon) of the mission to look
for a “Fountain of Youth” and a source of immortality.

Even in the 21st century longevity “experts” give
little hope for a simple cost effective method of healthfully
extending life and “looking good until the end.”

It is therefore, not too surprising that a great deal of
personal energy, time and money is spent by the average
person in the pursuit of beauty, youth and longevity. Great
pain (“plastic surgery,” chemical peels, BoTox, etc.) and risks
of injury (infections, misadventure, malpractice, etc.) and
death (gastric bypass surgery, liposuction, etc.) are braved in
this endless quest of beauty, youth and longevity.

We believe that it is worth learning how to use and
apply non-invasive anti-aging vitamin-mineral supplements,
non-surgical facelifts, non-chemical peels, phyto-hormones
(i.e. phyto-estrogens, phyto-progesterones, HGH, thyroid
support, adrenal support, etc.) and beauty products and non-toxic cosmetics safely.

===== Screenshot (226) =====
 

 


Chapter 13

“The true remedies were pure air, sunlight,
abstentiousness, rest, exercise, proper diet, pure water,
and faith in the healing power of God”

Helen White
Battle Creek Sanitarium, 1863

Religious Dietary Practices

All human cultures have developed dietary laws,
many of which are attached to their religious beliefs. It is of
interest to note that just about all gerontologists highlight a
deep abiding religious faith as a common feature of people
who live beyond 100 years of age.
taboos from ancient times that
prevent the consumption of certain foods that are perceived
as dangerous or sinful. Across the global spectrum of man’s
history is his observation that he is dependant upon nature
and therefore God for food and life.

In some religions, a prohibition on the consumption of
stimulating drinks (i.e. coffee, tea, cocoa, alcohol, etc.), certain

There are dietary

meats (i.e. predators, carrion eaters, vultures, hyenas, garbage
eaters, catfish, crab, shrimp, those that are not cud-chewers,


 

pigs, etc.) and methods of cooking have demonstrated over
long periods of time to be beneficial for reducing the risk of
degenerative diseases and for extending life spans.

In other cases some religions, such as the Seventh-day Adventists and Mormons, have proactively encouraged
the consumption of fruit and vegetables (i.e. antioxidants,
etc.), a practice which has been shown to reduce the risk of
degenerative diseases and extend life spans.

Many religions require their members to avoid gluttony
(one of the seven “deadly sins”) and eat sparingly, eating only
for their minimal requirements and then in addition require
fasting, all of such practices encourage a Calorie Restricted
diet.

There are religions that espouse some form of
meat restriction (eat meat “sparingly”) or some form of
“vegetarianism” - some are as old as Hinduism and Jainism
and some as new as Seventh-day Adventism and Mormonism.
There are the strict orthodox dietary laws of Judaism and
a spin-off of those dietary laws which became an integral
practice of Mohammedanism.

There are dietary laws that are professed by early
religious practice that separate people from people and caste
from caste.

In the collection and diversity of Christian faiths there
are the days of feasting and the days of fasting (abstinence and
self-denial) and the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper. There is
Christ's direct instruction to his disciples to mention bread in
their prayers.

It is therefore not too far out of line to say that “in the
beginning God created diet.”

“And the Lord God commanded the man, saying, Of
every tree of the garden thou mayest freely eat;

But of the tree of knowledge of good and evil, thou
shalt not eat of it; for in the day that thou eatest thereof thou

shalt surely die.”

===== Screenshot (227) =====
 


 

The Concept of Forbidden Fruit

The forbidden fruit, as it is called, is commonly
romanticized as a sexual prohibition, however, early Bible
interpretation and some modern religious groups, pa rticularly
the Mormons, believe that the prohibition was just as the
Bible says it was - a food unsuited for man’s body in its newly
created and immortal state. And, when the first man and
woman, who were made in the image of God, first ate “the
forbidden fruit,” their bodies fell vulnerable to disease, decay
and death.

It was, therefore, through diet, that humanity, gained
the knowledge of good and evil and of the dire consequences
of bad choices, of cause and effect.

This direct interpretation of the Book of Genesis has
been part of Judaic and Christian law for centuries and is
thought to be the basis of the German proverb, “man ist was
man isst!” - “man is what he eats.”

The concept that, certain foods are unclean and
dangerous, thus making the body an unfit abode for the spirit
has long been a touchstone of religious belief that persists
even yet today.

The religious concept that grains, vegetables and fruit
are good is widespread even today. In the Sinai Desert, where
the Israelites wandered for 40 years, manna filled a huge gap
in the subsistence diet of the Children of Israel. There are two
forms of manna, one that “rained from heaven” and one that
“sprang from the ground.”

The manna that sprang from the heavens appears to
have been a mix of flower and tree pollen, the manna that
sprang from the ground is a lichen of the genus Lecanora spp.
that grew on the ground and rocks in large patches and is said
to taste like honey ona cracker.


 

Fertility and Food

Fertility ceremonies and myth related to the harvest
season and the Earth’s bounty were an integral part of the
ancient religion and mythology of Sumer. According to the Epic
of Gilgamesh, which is believed to be the oldest writing existing
in recorded history, it seems sprang full-grown upon the earth,
like Athena from the head of Zeus, around 3500 B.C).

Therefore, even before the story of the Creation was
written down in Genesis, the abundance of the earth was
celebrated in legend and interwoven with worship - and food
and diet as part of religion has been in the historical record
ever since.

Fasting and Health

Along with the gratitude to God and the Earth for
abundance, there has always been the consideration and
practice of asceticism (one who led an austere life of self
denial) to prove to God that the practitioner loved Him.

The practice of fasting or severely restricting one’s diet
in order to “subdue the flesh and strengthen the soul” is also
as old as religion. There were sects among the Jews who made
abstinence part of their doctrine -the Essenes.

Before Christ began his ministry he retired to the desert
wilderness, fasted and prayed for 40 days and overcame his
temptations that were offered by the devil.

Paul, in his first epistle to the Corinthians, drew a
parallel between the athlete’s life and the Christian life. The
word ascetic is derived from the Greek word for exercise,
and was intended to transmit the concept of the strict health
regimen and diet of the athlete. Asceticism has been espoused

===== Screenshot (228) =====
 


as a tool to fight the war against the deadly sins of gluttony,
envy, pride, sloth, covetousness, anger and lust.

The early Anchorite Christians purposely wandered in
the deserts of the Middle East and Africa looking for a pure
life that would be pleasing to God and they ate only what the
desert provided (a very severely Calorie Restricted diet).

Catholics observe the rules of abstinence during Lent,
the Muslims fast during Ramadan, the Mormons fast the first
Sunday of each month.

In China, the diet and fasting of Taoism play a role,
with certain foods and herbs supplying the vital energy for
specific organs. According to the Tao, the heart is related to
fire, the lungs to metal, the kidneys to water and foods that
nourish these organs include poultry, vegetables and fish.

In Confucianism, dietary laws were connected to
ancestor worship, and when one was making a sacrifice to
their ancestor's spirits they took great care to ensure that their
diet was ritually proper.

The Hindus and Jainists of India proscribed meat
because of their belief of the transmigration (reincarnation)
of souls. No living creature could be killed for meat as the
soul inhabiting the creature might have once been or might
eventually be the soul of a man.

The Jainists were so strict that they carefully inspected
fruit and vegetables before they would eat them to ensure that
they did not have any insects or grubs on them - some went to
the extreme to wear masks to prevent the inhalation of small
flying insects.

Buddhism, which beganin India and spread throughout
Asia, had strict laws prohibiting the killing of animals but held
no prohibition on eating them. The only time that Buddhist’s
prohibit the consumption of meat is during ritual feasts and
celebratory fasting.


Strong or Stimulant Drinks

The prohibition of alcoholic beverages is one of the five
precepts of the Middle View in Buddhism and the concept
of the Middle View led to the ethic of moderation in eating
(Calorie Restricted diet) and to the ethic that is against suicide
through fasting.

In Islam, “strong drink” (distilled liquor) is
unequivocally forbidden, however, wine is reluctantly
permitted - there is “sinfulness in wine but also some utility.”
The Koran concludes that the sinfulness of wine outweighs
the usefulness of wine.

The Children of Israel were more liberal regarding
strong drink. In their early scriptures describing the Promised
Land “flowing with milk (Glacial Milk) and honey (verdant
fields and abundant orchards),” they were appreciative for
the bounty of nature, however, they were also strict regarding
their dietary laws.

The dietary strictures in Leviticus and Deuteronomy
are simple and direct: No meat of predators, either birds or
beasts; no animals that do not have a cloven hoof, and even
if they do have a cloven hoof they must also chew the cud.
No seafood that does not have fins and scales. No reptiles.
Only certain insects could be consumed; and absolutely
no consumption of blood. Later, came the Talmud and the
“hedge about the Law” which became the most strict and the
most complex of all dietary laws in history.

Amish

The Amish (Pennsylvania Dutch) are members of
the original Dutch Reform Church, a conservative Christian

===== Screenshot (229) =====
 


sect who have opted out of the American Social Security
System, Medicare and private insurance and have since their
beginnings i in the 15th century looked to themselves for health
care and self insurance.

The Amish operate today as 18th century farmers and
have rejected electricity and other modern conveniences and
still use wood to heat their homes and cook their meals. Wood
ashes (plant minerals) are an important byproduct of daily
living for the Amish; they use the wood ash (plant minerals)
added to compost as fertilizer in their gardens.

The Amish employ horses to get around in buggies and
wagons; they use horses to pull and power farm implements.

The Amish are born in their homes and die in their
homes. The use herbs, nutritional supplements, homeopathic
remedies, acupuncture, chiropractors, naturopathic physicians
and midwives as health professionals - they have for the most
part opted out of the modern medical system and they take
care of their elderly in their own homes.

Mormon

The state of Utah is 70% Mormon and is the healthiest
state and the longest lived peoples in America. According to the
National Center for Health Statistics, Utah has the lowest death
rate from virtually all the common degenerative diseases.

Joseph Smith was killed by a mob in 1844, not long
before the Mormons escaped Nauvoo; however, by that time
Smith had compiled his book of his visions and revelations
and this book became the Doctrine and the Covenants of the
Mormon faith.

Literally driven by mobs from the Illinois city of
Nauvoo, the Mormons made their epic migration west so
they could live isolated from the rest of the world.


 

The Mormon religion (Latter Day Saints of Jesus
Christ) is a relatively new American religion. Their beliefs
say the Mormon religion began in 1820 near the small town
of Manchester, New York - a boy of 14 named Joseph Smith
sought help in prayer because he was bewildered by the
religious upheavals and rivalries of the times. “God the Father
and Jesus Christ appeared to him and told him not to become
involved with any existing denomination.”

Joseph waited three years for further enlightenment
and then according to the Book of Mormon, “A messenger from
God appeared, a man named Moroni who had once lived
on the North American continent and whose ancestors had
escaped from Jerusalem before the Babylonian captivity.

Moroni related the story of a historical record to Joseph,
that Moroni’s father, a man named Mormon, had given to him
to hide before he and his people were killed by their bitter
enemy from the same branch of Isreal - the American Indians.

Moroni told Joseph Smith where the record was hidden
and how it was to be translated. In modern times, the Book of
Mormon and the Bible, together, form the core scriptures of
the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.”

In 1800, a bounty was placed on the heads of Mormons
by the Governor of Missouri; this event precipitated a legendary
mass migration of Mormons from Nauvoo, Illinois, east of the
Mississippi River westward to Salt Lake City, Utah.

The Mormons live an average of 10 years longer than
the average American. A common and consistent thread that
is the touchstone of the Mormon religion is their dietary laws.
The 89th Section of the Doctrine and Covenants, the Word
of Wisdom was revealed on February 27, 1833 - this section
gives Mormons their basic laws of diet and health:

“For, behold, the beasts of the field and the fowls of
the air, and that which cometh of the earth, is ordained for the
use of man for food and for raiment, and that he might have
in abundance.”

===== Screenshot (230) =====
 


 

Doctrine and Covenants 49:18,19

“

The Mormons are very faithful in avoiding “stimulant
drinks” which includes alcoholic drinks, caffeine (coffee, tea,
soft drinks, energy drinks, energy herbs, stimulating herbs,
etc.), they restrict calories and limit meat intake to a secondary
position behind the consumption of grains and vegetables.

As a group the Mormons tend to live a smoke free
lifestyle that is based on strong parenting beliefs.

According to Brigham Young, Smith’s successor as
president of the Mormon Church, Smith was conducting a
class for members of the priesthood. This class was held ina
small room above the kitchen of Smith’s home and the room
was frequently clouded with large volumes of tobacco smoke.
To Smith, the atmosphere in the room was unseemly, so one
day he left the room, “inquired of the Lord” and received the
Word of Wisdom.

Essentially, the instructions, which were given “not by
commandment or constraint, but by revelation and the word
of wisdom,” were in keeping with the traditional Christian
attitude, that all foods are for man. The prohibitions are for
non-foods - tobacco, alcohol and “hot drinks” which were
interpreted to mean drinks containing harmful drugs, such as
“soft” drinks and chocolate.

The remainder of the revelation was a proactive
statement regarding nutrition and the prudent consumption
and storage of food:

tea, coffee, caffeine containing

Every herb in its season and every fruit in its season to
be used with prudence and thanksgiving.

Flesh of beasts and fowl to be used sparingly. “And
it is pleasing unto me that they should not be used, only in
times of winter, or of cold, or famine.” :

All grain is good for man and all plant food “whether


 

in the ground or above the ground” - wheat for man; corn for
the ox; oats for the horse; rye for the fowls and swine; and
barley for all useful animals and for mild drinks.

It is a precept of the Mormons to be prepared. Every
church or “ward,” has a “bishop’s storehouse” from which
members can draw on in time of need.

Mormons eat for the sake of their physical and spiritual
health and they fast for the same reason. It is traditional for
the Mormon to fast on the first Sunday of each month and
give the price of two Sunday meals to help the needy.

Mormon Health and Longevity

The average lifespan of Mormons is 10 years longer
than that of the average American. Dr. James E. Enstrom, of the
School of Public Health, University of California at Los Angeles,
examined a 1965 study done by the California State Department
of Health that showed Mormons in Alameda County, across the
bay from San Francisco, have a total mortality rate of only 55%
of the adult population of the county as a whole. The original
sample was small, 111 Mormons in a total of 6,928 people,
however, the data reinforced statistics from other sources.

When Dr. Enstrom reviewed data which the U.S.
Cancer Institute had gleaned from the U.S. Census and state
mortality records, he learned that areas of Utah that are
heavily Mormon have lower death rates than areas with a
lower percentage of Mormons.

In one area in particular - Utah County, just south of
Salt Lake City, where Provo is, there is a Mormon population
of 85% compared to 70% for all of Utah. And Utah County’s
cancer-death rate is lower than the state’s as a whole and only
65% as high as the U.S. as a whole.

===== Screenshot (231) =====
 

2D eons
Enstrom then examined the cancer death rate

among California’s 400,000 Mormons using membership
information and names of those who had died, and mortality
records, showing the cause of death (supplied by the state of
California); the data revealed that California Mormons have a
cancer death rate of only slightly more than half (55%) of the
U.S. cancer death rate.

Seventh Day Adventist

The Seventh Day Adventist, are a relatively young
American religion, who pursue a strict vegetarian diet.
No religious movement, ancient or modern, has put greater
emphasis on diet and nutrition than the Seventh-day Adventist
church - on the average the Adventists live eight to ten years
longer than the average American.

Long before nutrition reached the level of a science,
Ellen G. White was teaching Seventh-day Adventists in the
basic concepts of healthy living. In addition to denouncing
the use of alcohol and addictive drugs (i.e. tobacco, alcohol,

‘

pharmaceuticals, street drugs, etc.) she insisted on a “well-balanced diet” before the phrase was coined.

More than 70 years ago White stated that tobacco is
“a slow, insidious, but most malignant poison.” She also
emphasized the avoidance of preserved meats and refined
foods, particularly white flour and sugar - she was one of the
first natural food enthusiasts.

In the early part of the 1800s, in numerous parts of the
Christian world, there was a sudden awareness of the second
coming of Christ - the leaders of many established churches
became caught up in the new Reformation.

One of the believers of imminent second coming of
Christ (Adventists) was William Miller. Afteraserious study of


biblical prophecy, Miller concluded that Christ would return to
earth on October 22, 1844. Despite their disappointment when
the appointed day came and went, many of the “Millerites”
remained faithful and continued to meet in small groups and
study the Bible and pray.

Among these loyal Millerites was a young woman
named Ellen Harmon. In December of 1844 at an Adventist
meeting in Portland, Maine Harmon had her first vision.

Ellen Harmon (became Mrs. James White) became
the guiding force of the Seventh-day Adventist Church - it
was only a few weeks later that she saw the famous vision of
the last days of the world that showed her “the only hope of
mankind - obedience to the commandments of God.”

During her vision there was a special emphasis on
the Fourth Commandment, to keep the Sabbath day holy,
and it was shown to the young woman that the Sabbath was
the seventh day, not the first, so in 1861 the church formally
adopted these two primary beliefs into its name. Her books
have sold in the tens of millions, making her one of the best-selling and most prolific authors of all time. Just one book,
Steps to Christ, has sold more than 10 million copies and has
been translated into 80 languages.

White inspired and directed the begining of a vast
network of missions, schools and colleges, hospitals, clinics
and dispensaries in all parts of the globe, including the well
known school of medicine at Loma Linda University, 60 miles
east of Los Angeles.

In 1863, Ellen White saw the vision that still forms the
core of the Adventist diet and health programs. The event is
often referred to as the “Otsego vision” because it came in the
home of some Adventists whom she was visiting in Otsego,
Michigan:

“It is wrong to eat merely to gratify the appetite, but
no indifference should be manifested regarding the quality of
the food, or the manner of its preparation. If the food eaten is

===== Screenshot (232) =====
 

i aa

not relished, the body will not be so well nourished. The food
should be carefully chosen and prepared with intelligence
and skill.”

“Here is a suggestion for all whose work is sedentary
or chiefly mental; let those who have sufficient moral courage
and self control try it: At each meal take only two or three
kinds of simple food, and eat no more than is required to
satisfy hunger. Take active exercise every day, and see if you
do not receive benefit.”

“For use in bread making, the superfine flour is not
the best. Its use is neither healthful nor economical. Fine-flour
bread is lacking nutritive elements to be found in bread made
from the whole wheat. It is a frequent cause of constipation
and other unhealthful conditions.”

“Those who eat flesh are but eating grains and
vegetables at second hand; for the animal receives from these
things the nutrition that produces growth. The life that was
in the grains and vegetables passes into the eater. We receive
it by eating the flesh of the animal. How much better to get it
direct, by eating the food that God provided for our use!”

In the same year of 1863, the headquarters of the church
was established in Battle Creek, Michigan, and it was there that
the first Adventist medical institution was established. At first
it was called the Western Health Reform Institute, and then
simply the Battle Creek Sanitarium and then affectionately
the “San.”

Basically the Adventists follow the instructions in
Leviticus concerning cleanand unclean food. Porkis forbidden,
as is shellfish, and the flesh of predators. Adventists also
abstain totally from the use of alcohol, tobacco and harmful
drugs, including coffee and tea - many believers do not eat
meat and those who do eat it only “sparingly.”

White became suspicious of the widespread and
careless use of “poisonous drugs” by the doctors of the day -
at the Battle Creek Sanitarium the “true remedies” were ” pure
air, sunlight, abstentiousness, rest, exercise, proper diet, pure


water and faith in the healing power of God.”

By 1903, when the church headquarters was moved
to Washington, D.C., the sanitarium, was the largest and
best equipped health institution in the world. Its medical
superintendent was Dr. John Harvey Kellogg, and it was he
and his brother, W. K. Kellogg, who gave the world cornflakes -
W. K. Kellogg started the prepared breakfast cereal industry.


The answer, the secrets of health, longevity and even
immortality are hidden in plain view - its only a matter of
knowing the basic “language of immortality” to then be able
to translate all of the different “dialects of immortality” into a
single universal language!

===== Screenshot (233) =====

References

Aetios of Amida: The Gynaecology and Obstetrics of the
Vith Century A.D. (Translated from the Latin edition of
Cosonariores, 1542, by J.V.Ricci).

Agatston, A.: The South Beach Diet. Random House New
york. 2003.

Ahrens, L.H.: Distribution of the Elements in Our Planet.
McGraw-Hill. New York.1965.

Alexander, C.: If the Stones Could Speak. National Geographic.
34 - 59. June, 2008.

Anon: Basic Guide to Canine Nutrition. White Plaines, New
York. Gaines Dog Research Center. 1965.

Anon: Daily Nutrient Requirements of Pigs. Pub.1192. Nat.
Acad. Sci. Nat. Res. Council. 1964. pp 12-14.

Anon: Nutrient Requirements of Beef Cattle. Nat. Acad. Sci.
NRC. Pub. 1137.1963.

Anon: Nutrient Requirements of Horses. In: Nutrient
Requirements of Domestic Animals. 2nd Ed. Nat. Acad. Sci.
Nat. Res. Council. Pub.1401. 1966.

Anon: 25 ways to look ten years younger. OK. 42 - 45. June 9,
2008.

===== Screenshot (234) =====
 

 


 

Asensi, M., Medina, I., Ortega, A., et al: “Inhibition of cancer
growth by resveratrol is related to its low bioavailability.”
Free Radic. Biol. Med. 33 (3):387 - 98. August 2002.

Atkins. R. C.: Dr. Atkins’ New Diet Revolution. Avon Books.
New York. 2002.

Awika, J.M., et al: Screening methods to measure antioxidant
activity of sorghum (Sorghum bicolor) and sorghum products.
J. Agric. Food Chem., 51:6657 - 6662. 2003.

Bacchiocca, M., Biagiotti, E. and Ninfali, P.: Nutritional and
technological reasons for evaluating the antioxidant capacity
of vegetable products. Ital. J. Food Sci. 2006, 18:209-217.

Bailey, F. L.: Navajo Foods and Cooking Methods. Am.
Anthro. 42:270-90. 1940.

Banik, A. E.: Hunza Land. Whitehorn Publishing Company.
Long Beach, CA. 1961.

Barinaga, M.: How Long is the Human Life Span? Science.
254:936-938. 2008.

Barrows, Jr., C,H. and Kokkman, G.C.: Diet and Life Extension
in Animal Model Systems. Age. 1:31.1978.

Baur, J. Pearson, K. et al: Resveratrol improves health and
increases survival of mice ona high-calorie diet. Nature. 2006.
10.1038.

Chronic Disease Risk Factors in
Vitamin/ Mineral Supplement Users and Non-users in a Farm
Population. J. Am. Coll. Nutr. 10:3.1991. pp247-257.

Bazzarre, T. L.,et al.:


Bear, F. E.: Chemistry of the Soil. 2 ed. Chapman and Hill.
London. 1964.

Beare, S.: 50 Secrets of the World’s Longest Living People.
Marlowe & Company. New York. 2003.

Berg, B. N.: Nutrition and Longevity in the Rat.I. Food Intake
in Relation to Size, Health and Fertility. July, 1960. J. Nutr.
(71).p242-254.

Berg, B.N. and Simms, H.S.: Nutrition and Longevity in the
Rat.II. Longevity and Onset of Disease with Different Levels
of Food Intake. J. Nutr. 71:255-263. July, 1960.

Berry, R.: The Vegetarians. Autumn Press. Brookline, MA.
1978.

Bland, J.: Diagnostic Usefulness of Trace Elements in Human
Hair. Northwest Diagnostic Services. Bellvue, WA. 1981.

Bland,J.: Hair Tissue Mineral Analysis: AnEmergentDiagnostic
Technique. Bellvue-Redmond Medical Laboratories. WA.
1979.

Boezo, M.H.: De Pica. Sm. Leipsig.1638.

Bondy, P. K. and Rosenberg, L. E.: Metabolic Control and
Disease. (8th ed.). W. B. Saunders Co. Philadelphia. 1974.

Brizzee, K. R. and Ordy, J.M.: Age Pigment, Cell Loss
and Hippocampal Function. Mechanisms of Aging and
Development. 9:143.1979.

Buettner, D.: The Blue Zone. National Geographic. Washington,
D.C. 2008.

===== Screenshot (236) =====
pine. eure ee

Buettner, D.: Living Healthy to 100. AARP Magazine. 57 - 59.
May/June, 2008.

Cardarelli, N. F.: Tin as a Vital Nutrient: Implications in
Cancer Prophylaxis and other Physiological Processes.
CRC-Press. Boca Raton, FL.1986.

Carlander, O.: Aetiology of Pica. Lancet. 277:569.1959.

Carlisle, E.M.: In Vivo Requirements for Silicon in Articular
Cartilage and Connective Tissue Formation in the Chick.
J.Nutr. 106:478.1976.

Carlson, A.H.and Hallzel, F.: Apparent Prolongation of the Life
Span of Rats by Intermittent Fasting. J. Nutr. 31:363.1946.

Chan, F.I., et al.: Selenium Deficiency and Keshan Disease.
Chinese J Med. June 1979.

Christensen, N. K.: Juniper Ash as a Source of Calcium in the
Navajo diet. J. Am. Diet Assoc. 98(3) 333-334. March 1998.

Cook, J.: Diet and Your Religion. Woodbridge Press Publishing
Company. Santa Barbara, CA. 1976.

Cooper, M.: Pica: A Survey of the Historical Literature as
Well as Reports from the Fields of Veterinary Medicine and
Anthropology, the Present Study of Pica Young Children, and
a Discussion of it’s Paediatric and Physiological Implications.
Charles Thomas. Springfield, IL. 1957.

Corliss, R. and Lemonick, M. D.: How to Live to be 100. Time.
New York. August 30, 2004.

Crabb, C.: The Nutrients are Blowing in the Wind. U.S. News
& World Report. October, 1991. p66.


Deeming, S. and McDermid, A.M.: Hair Analysis of Trace
Elements in Hunan Subjects as Influenced by Age, Sex and
Contraceptive Drugs. Am. J. Clin. Nutr.31:1175.1978.

Denton, D.: The Hunger for Salt: An Anthropological,
Physiological and Medical Analysis. Springer-Verlag. Berlin.
Heidelberg. New York. 1982.

Diamond, J.: Guns, Germs and Steel. W. W. Norton &
Company. New York. 1997.

Diamond, J.: Collapse. Viking. New York. 2005.

Diaz, F., et al.: Comparative Performances of Baby Pigs Fed
Infant and Baby Pig Diets. J. Nutr. May,1959. pp131-140.

Easton, J.: Human Longevity: Recording the Name, Age,
Place of Residence and Year of the Deceased of 1712 Persons
Who Attained a Century and Upwards from AD 66 to 1799,
Comprising a Period of 1733 years with Anecdotes of the most
Remarkable. London. 1799.

Eaton, S.B., et al.: The Paleolithic Prescription: A Program
of Diet & Exercise and a Design For Living. Harper & Row,
Publishers. New York. Cambridge. 1988.

Edwards, C.H. et al.: Odd Dietary Practices of Women. J. Am.
Diet. Assoc.30:976.1954.

Edwards, C.H., et al.: Clay and Corn Starch Eating Women.
J.Am. Diet. Assoc. 35:810.1959.

Edwards, C. H., et al.: Effects of Clay and Corn Starch Intake
on Women and Their Infants. J. Am. Diet. Assoc. 44:109.1964.

===== Screenshot (237) =====
fie arenes 0 EEE Es

Elliott, P. J. and Jirousek, M.: “Sirtuins: Novel targets for
metabolic disease.” Current Opinion in Investigational Drugs.
9 (4):1472-4472. 2008.

Erten, J., et al.: Hair Zinc in Healthy and Malnourished
Children. Am. J. Clin. Nutr. 32:570. 1979.

Fixx, J. E.: The Complete Book of Running. Random House,
Inc. New York. 1977.

Freese, B.: Coal. Penguin Books. London. 2003.

Freund, H. et al: Chromium deficiency during total parenteral
nutrition. JAMA. 241(5): 496-8. 1979.

Ferguson, J.H. and Keaton, A.G.: Studies of Diets of Pregnant
Women in Mississippi: Ingestion of Clay and Laundry Starch.
New Orleans Med. Surg. J. 102:460.1950.

Galdston, I.(ed.): Human Nutrition: Historic and Scientific. The
New York Academy of Medicine. International Universities
Press, Inc. New York. 1960.

Geargakas, D.: The Methuselah Factors. Simon and Schuster.
New York. 1980.

Gershoff, S. N., et al.: Trace Minerals in Human and Rat Hair.
Am. J. Clin. Nutr. 30:868. 1977.

Gescher, A.J., Steward, W.P.: Relationship between
mechanisms, bioavailability, and preclinical chemopreventive
efficacy of resveratrol: a conundrum. Cancer Epidemiol
Biomarkers Prev. 2003; 12(10):953-957.

Ghen, M. J.(ed): The Advanced Guide to Longevity Medicine.
Partners in Wellness and Mitchell J. Ghen. Atlanta, GA. 2001.


Giroud, A.: Nutrition of the Embryo. Fed. Proc. 27:163-
184.1968.

Goldstein, M. and Beall, C.: The Remote World of Tibet's
Nomads. Nat. Geo. 175:6. June,1989.pp752-781.

Green, H. H.: Perverted Appetites. Physiol. Rev.5:336.1925.

Grenoble, P.B.: Pritikin Books.New

York.1986.

People. Berkley

Gu, L., House, S. E., Wu, X, Ou, B and Prior, R,L.: Procyanidin
and catachin contents and antioxidant capacity of cocoa and
chocolate products. J. Agric. Food Chem. 2006, 54:4057-4061.

Gutelius, M.F., et al.: Nutritional Studies of Children with
Pica.II. Treatment of Pica with Iron Given Intramuscularly.
Paediatrics. 29:1018.1962.

Hambridge, K.M. and Rodgerson, D.O.: Comparison of Hair
Chromium Levels of Multiparous and Parous Women. Am. J.
Obstet, Gynec.103:320.1969.

Hanson, D. J.: History of Alcohol and Drinking Around the
World. Google 2007.

Harman, D.: Free Radical Theory of Aging: Nutritional
Implications. Age. 1:145.1978.

Harman, D.: Free Radical Theory of Aging: Origin of Life,
Evolution and Aging. Age.3:100.1980.

Harman, D.and Eddy, D.E.: Free Radical Theory of Aging:
Effect of Adding Antioxidants to Maternal Mouse Diets on
Lifespan of the Offspring. Age.1:162.1978.

===== Screenshot (238) =====
[and ener CaN ee

Harrington,A.: The Immortalists. Random House. New York.
1969.

Harris, M.: Cannibals and Kings. Vintage Books. New York.
1977.

Hayflick, L.: The Cellular Basis for Biological Aging. In:
Handbook of the Biology of Aging. (ed. C.-E.Finch and L.
Hayflick). Van Nostrand Reinhold.1977.

Heaney,R.P. and Barger-Lux, J.: Low Calcium Intake: The
Culprit in Many Human Diseases. Feedstuffs.July,1994.pp14-
17.

Hendrikkson,P, Krook, L. and Larsen, B.: Mechanism of Bone
Resorption in a Case of Human Periodontal Disease. Svensk.
Tandl.Tidskn. 62:323.1969.

Herbert, V.: Nutrition Cultism. George F. Stickley Company.
Philadelphia,PA.1980.

Hisanaga, A.,et al.: Variation of Trace Metals in Ancient and
contemporary Japanese Bones. Bio. Trace Ele. Res. 22:221-

231.1989.

Hoekstra, W.O.: Biochemical Function of Selenium and its
Relationship to Vitamin E. Fed. Proc. 34:2083. 1975.

Howard, Sir Albert: The Soil and Health: A Study of Organic
Agriculture. Schocken Books. New York. 1972.

Isaacson, W.: Benjamin Franklin. Simon &Schuster Paperbacks.
New York. June 2003.

Isaacson, W.: Einstein. Simon & Schuster. New York. 2007.


James, W.P.T., et al.: Calcium Binding by Dietary Fibre.
Lancet.1:638.1978.

Jarvis, D.C.: Folk Medicine. Henry Holt and Company. 1958.

Jeejeebhoy, K. N. etal: Chromium deficiency, glucose tolerance,
and neuropathy reversed by chromium supplementation, in
a patient receiving long-term total parenteral nutrition. Am J
Clin Nutr.30(4): 531-38. 1977.

Jensen, B.: Health & Long Life. Bernard Jensen Enterprises.
Escondido, CA. 1975.

Josephson, M.: Edison. McGraw-Hill. 1959.

Kahlenberg, L. and Class, J.O.: The Presence of Aluminum in
Animal and Plant Tissues. J.Biol.Chem.83:261.1929.

Katsuhiko, Yokoi, et al.: Effect of Dietary Tin Deficiency on
Growth and Mineral Status in Rats. Biol. Trace Ele. Res. The
Humana Press, Inc. 24:223. 1990.

Kaufmann, K.: Silica: The Amazing Gel. Burnaby, B.C. Canada.
Alive Books. 1992.

Kern, F.: Normal Plasma Cholesterol in an 88 Year Old Man
Who Eats 25 Eggs a Day. New Eng.J.Med. March,1991. pp896-
899.

Kitchen, H., et al.: Hemoglobin Polymorphism:Its Relation to
Sickling of Erythrocytes in White-tailed Deer. Science.144:1237-
1239. June, 1964.

Klevay, L.: Hair as a Biopsy Material. Arch. Intern.
Med.138:1127.1978.

===== Screenshot (239) =====
 


 

Klug, A. and Rhodes, D.: Zinc Fingers: A Novel Protein Motif
for Nucleic Acid Recognition. In: Trends in Biochemical

Sciences. 12:464. Dec. 1987.

Krause, M. and Mahan, L. K.: Food, Nutrition and Diet
Therapy. (7th ed.). W.B. Saunders Company. Philadelphia.
1984.

Kruglinski. S.: West's World. DISCOVER. Summer. 2008. pp
82-85.

Kulezycki, L. L. and Schauf, V.: Cystic Fibrosis in Blacks in
Washington, D.C. Am. J. Dis. Child. 127:64.1974.

Kurlansky, M.: Salt: A World History. Penguin Books. London.
2002.

Lagouge, M., Argmann, C., Gerhart-Hines, Z., et al:
“Resveratrol improves mitochondrial function and protects
against metabolic disease by activating SIRTI and PGC-1alpha.” Cell.127 (6): 1109 -22. 2006.

Lanzkowsky, P.: Investigation into the Aetiology and
Treatment of Pica. Arch.Dis. Child.34:140.1959.

Leaf, A.: Every Day is a Gift when you are Over 100. Nat.
Geo.143:1. January, 1973. pp92-119.

LeConte, J.: Observations on Geophagia. South. Med. Surg.
J.1:417.1846.

Liu, R.K. and Walford,R.L.: The Effect of Lowered Body
Temperature on Lifespan and Immune and Non-Immune
Processes. Gerontologica.18:363.1972.


Long, V.M., et al.: Manganese Metabolism in College Men
Consuming Vegetarian Diets.J.Nutr.85:132-138.March,1965.
Mann, C. C.: Our Good Earth. National Geographic. September
2008. pp 80 - 111.

Marambaud,P., Zhao, H. and Davies,P.: Resveratrol promotes
clearance of Alzheimer’s disease amyloid-beta peptides. J.
Biol Chem. Nov. 2005.11:280 (45): 377-82.

Marden, L.: Titicaca: Abode of the Sun. Nat. Geo. 139:2.
February,1971. pp 272-291.

Marek, A. C.: Live Longer and Healthier. Smart Money. 51
- 57. June 2008.

Maron, B. J., et al.: Sudden Death in Hypertrophic
Cardiomyopathy: A Profile of 78 patients. Circulation. 65:1388.
1982.

Maron, B. J., et al.: Sudden Death in Young Athletes.
Circulation. 62:218.1979.

Maugh,T.: Hair: A Diagnostic Tool to Compliment Blood,
Serum and Urine. Science.202:1271.1978.

McCarry, J.: High Road to Hunza. Nat. Geo. March,1994. pp
114-134.

McDonald, R. and Marshole, $.R.: Value of Iron Therapy in
Pica. Paediatrics.84:558.1964.

McGlothin, P. and Averill, M.: The CR Way. Harper Collins.
New York. 2008.

McKay, C.M., et al.: The Effect of Retarded Growth Upon the
Length of Life Span and Upon the Ultimate Body Size. July,

===== Screenshot (240) =====
ae LS

1935. J.Nutr.pp63-79.

McNeill, J.H.: Biological Effects of Vanadium. The University
of British Columbia, Vancouver, B.C. June 16, 1993.

Mergiletus, A.F.: Pica: Doctoral Thesis in Medicine. Submitted
to Academia Patria. 1701.

Mertz, W.: Chromium occurrence and function in a biological
system. Physiol. Rev. 49: 163-230. 1969.

Mertz, W.(ed):Trace Elements in Human and Animal
Nutrition. Academic Press,Inc. New York.1987.

Mertz, W. and Schwarz, K.: Chromium (III) and the glucose
tolerance factor. Arch. Biochem. Biophys. 85:292-5. 1959.

Michaud, S. and Michaud, R.: Trek to Lofty Hunza and
Beyond. Nat. Geo. November,1975. 148:5.pp644-669.

Miller, K.B., et al: Antioxidant activity and polyphenol and
procyanidin contents of selected commercially available
cocoa-containing and chocolate products in the United States.
J. Agric. Food Chem. 2006, 54:4062-4068.

Murray, M. and Lyon, M.: How to Prevent and Treat Diabetes
with Natural Medicine. Riverhead Books. New York. 2003.

Nash, J. M.: Cracking the Fat Riddle. Time. September 2,
2003.

Newman, C.: Why are we so fat? National Geographic. August
2004.

Nielsen, F.H.: Vanadium. In: Trace Elements in Human and
Animal Nutrition. Vol. 1. 5th ed (Mertz, W. ed.) 1987.

Immortality 453,

Nielson, F.H.: New Essential Trace Elements for the Life
Sciences. Biol.Trace Ele. Res.199.1990.pp599-611.

Ninfali, P. et al: Antioxidant capacity of vegetables, spices and
dressings relevant to nutrition. Brit. J. Nutr. 2005, 93:257-266.

Olmstead, L.Schrauzer,G.N.,etal.:SelenitumSupplementation
of Symptomatic Human Immunodeficiency Virus Infected
Patients. Biol. Trace Ele. Research. Humana Press, Inc. 20:59.
1989.

Olshansky,S.J., et al.: In Search of Methuselah: Estimating
the Upper Limits to Human Longevity. Science.250:634-640.
November,1990.

Oppenheimer, E.H. and Esterly, J. R.: Pathology of Cystic
Fibrosis. Review of the Literature and Comparison with 146
Autopsied Cases. In: Perspectives in Pediatric Pathology. Vol.
2. Yearbook Medical Pub., Inc. Chicago. 1975. pp 241-278.

Parr, R.M., et al.: Minor and Trace Elements in Human Milk
from Guatemala, Hungary, Nigeria, Phillipines, Sweden and
Zaire. Bio.Trace Ele.Res.29:51-75.1991.

Pauling, L.: How to Live Longer and Feel Better. W.H. Freeman
and Co. New York. 1986.

Pearson, D. and Shaw;S.: Life Extension. Warner Books, Inc.
New York.1982.

Porter, R.: Greatest Benefit. W.W. Norton & Company. New
York. 1997.

Reynolds, R.D., et al.:Pagophagia and Iron Deficiency Anemia.
Ann. Inter.Med.69:435.1968.

===== Screenshot (241) =====
Gees
Rhodes, D. and Klug, A.: Zinc Fingers. Scientific American.
February 1993. p56.

Sandberg, A-S, etal.: The Effect of Wheat Branon the Absorption
of Minerals in the Small Intestine. Br.J.Nutr.48:185.1982.

Schrauzer, G. N., et al.: Lithium in Scalp Hair of Adults,
Students and Violent Criminals. Biol. Trace. Ele.Res.
34:161.1992.

Schrauzer, G. N., et al.: Lithium in Drinking Water and the
Incidences of Crimes, Suicides, and Arrests Related to Drug
Addictions. Biol. Trace. Ele. Res. 25:105.1990.

Schrauzer, G.N.: Selenium in Nutritional Cancer Prophylaxis:
An Update. Vitamins, Nutrition and Cancer. Karger. Basel.
Pp240-250. 1984.

Schrauzer,G.N.: Selenium: Mechanistic Aspects of
Anticarcinogenic Action. Biol. Trace Ele. Res. The Humana
Press, Inc. 33:51. 1992.

Schrauzer,G.N.,etal.: Effect of Simulated American, Bulgarian,
and Japanese Human Diets and of Selenium Supplementation
on the Incidence of Virally Induced Mammary Tumors in
Female Mice. Biol. Trace Ele. Res. The Humana Press, Inc.
20:169.1989.

Schrauzer, G.N., et al.: Cancer Mortality Correlation Studies-
[II:Statistical Associations with Dietary Selenium Intakes.
Bioinorganic Chem. 7:23.1977.

Schrauzer, G.N., et al.: Selenium in the Blood of Japanese
and American Women with and Without Breast Cancer and
Fibrocystic Disease. Jpn. J. Cancer Res. 76:374. May 1985.


Schwarz, K.: Essentiality and Metabolic Functions of Selenium.
Med.Clin.North Am. 60:745-758. July,1976.

Schwarz, K. and Foltz, C.M.: Selenium as an integral part of
Factor 3 Against Dietary Necrotic Liver Degeneration. J.Am.
Chem. Soc. 19:3292.1959.

Senturia, B.D.: Results of Treatment of Chronic Arthritis and
Rhuematoid Conditions with Colloidal Sulphur. J.Bone Joint
Surg.16:119-125.1934.

Sheehan, G.: Dr. Sheehan on Running. Bantam Books. New
York. 1978.

Sheehan, G.: Medical Advice for Runners. World Publications.
Mountain View, CA. 1978.

Shu-Yu Yu, et el.: A Preliminary Report on the Intervention
Trials of Primary Liver Cancer in High-Risk Populations with
Nutritional Supplementation of Selenium in China. Biol. Trace
Ele. Res. The Humana Press, Inc. 29:289.1991.

Shu-Yu Yu, et al.: Chemoprevention Trial of Human Hepatitis
with Selenium Supplementation in China. Biol. Trace Ele. Res.
The Humana Press, Inc. 20:15.1989.

Sinclair, D. A., etal: “Calorie Restriction Promotes Mammalian
Cell Survival by Inducing the SIRTI Deacetylase.” Science. 305
(July 16, 2004):309-392.

Somers, S.: 365 Ways to Change Your Life. Crown Publishers.
New York. 1999

Somers, S.: AGELESS. Crown Publishers. New York. 2006

===== Screenshot (242) =====

 

Spezioli, M., et al.: Gallium Distribution in Human Brain
Areas. Biol. Trace Ele. Res. 22:9.1989.

Stevenson, T.: 101 Essential Tips: WINE. DK. London, New
York. 2003.

Stwertka, A.: A Guide to the Elements. 2nd Ed. Oxford
University Press. Oxford. 2002.

Suzuki, F.,etal.: Ability of Sera From Mice Treated with Ge-132,
an Organic Germanium Compound, to Inhibit Experimental
Murine Ascites Tumours. Br.J. Cancer. 52:757.1985.

Proc.Nutr.Soc.

Taggart,N.:Food Habits in

20:35.1961.

Pregnancy.

Tang, R-H, et al.: Stimulation of Proliferation of Tetrahymena
pyriformis by Trace Rare Earths. Biol. Trace Ele. Res.
7:95.1985.

Tarpy, C.: Place of the Standing Stones. National Geographic.
New York. May 2004. pp 66-79.

Taylor, R.:Hunza Health Secrets. Prentice Hall, Inc. New
Jersey.1966.

Thomas, W.J.: The Longevity of Man, It’s Facts and It’s Fiction.
London.J.Murray.1873.

Tobe, J.: Hunza: Adventures in a Land of Paradise. George
J.McLeod.Ltd.Ontario.1960.

Tus, H. et al,: Keshan Disease as it Relates to Selenium Status.
Chin J. Med. 1979.

Tus, H. et al.: Selenium in the Heart of China. Lancet. 27 Oct.
1979. p899.

Underwood, E.J.: Trace Elements in Human and Animal
Nutrition. Academic Press. New York and London.1962.

Valenzano, D.R., et al: Resveratrol prolongs life span and
retards the onset of age-related markers in a short-lived
vertebrate. Cur. Biol. 2006. Feb. 7;16 (3):296-300.

Van Vleet, E. J., et al.: Hepatos Dietetia and Mulberry Heart
Disease Associated with Selenium Deficiency in Indiana
Swine. J. Am.Vet.Med. Assoc. 157:1208.1970.

Voorhees, E. B.: Fertilizers. The MacMillan Company. New
York. 1926.
Theory

Walford, R.L.: The Immunological of Aging.

Munkagaard. Copenhagen. 1969.

Walford, R.L.: Maximum Lifespan. W.W.Norton & Company.
New York.London.1983.

Walford, R.L.: The 120 Year Diet. Simon and Schuster. New
York. 1986.

Wallach,J.D.:Goitrogenic Hypothyroidism in Feeder Lambs.
VM/SAC. 60:1051-1053. 1965.

Wallach, J.D.: Degenerative Arthritis in a Black Rhino.
JAVMA.151:887-889.1967.

Wallach, J.D.: Nutritional Diseases of Exotic Animals.
JAVMA.157:5883-599. September, 1970.

===== Screenshot (243) =====
 


ee eee
Wallach,J.D.: The Nutrition and Feeding of Captive Ruminants
in Zoos. In: Church, D.C.:Digestive Physiology and Nutrition
of Ruminants. Corvallis. Oregon State University Press.
Vol.3.1972.pp292-307.

Wallach, J. D.: Cystic Fibrosis: A proposal of Etiology and
Pathogenesis. Workshop on Model Systems for the Study of
Cystic Fibrosis. May 25-26, 1978. N.I.H., Bethesda, MD.

Wallach, J. D. and Boever, Wm.: Diseases of Exotic Animals.
W. B. Saunders Company. Philadelphia. 1983.

Wallach, J.D. and Flieg, G.M.::
Hyperparathyroidism in
155:1046.1969.

Nutritional
Captive

Secondary
JAVMA.

Birds.

Wallach, J. D. and Garmaise, B.: Cystic Fibrosis: A Perinatal
Manifestation of Selenium Deficiency. 13th Annual Conference
on Trace Substances in Environmental Health. June 4-7, 1979.
University of Missouri, Columbia, MO.

Wallach,J.D. and Hoessle,C.: Fibrous Osteodystrophy in
Green Iguanas. JAVMA. 153:863-865. 1968.

Wallach, J.D. and Hoessle, C.: Steatitis in Captive Crocodilians.
JAVMA. 153:845-847. 1968.

Wallach, J.D., Hoessle, C. and Bennet,J.: Hypoglycemic Shock
in Captive Alligators. JAVMA. 151:893-896. 1967.

Wallach, J. D. and Ma, L.: Black Gene
Publications, LLC. Bonita, CA. 2007.

Lies. Wellness

Wallach, J. D. and Ma, L.: Dead Doctors Don’t Lie. Wellness
Publications, LLC. Bonita, CA. 1999.


Wallach, J. D.and Ma, L.: Energy Crisis. Wellness Publications,
LLC. Bonita, CA. 2007.

Wallach, J. D. and Ma, L.: God Bless America. Wellness
Publications, LLC. Bonita, CA. 2002.
Wallach, J. D. and Ma, L.: HELL’S KITCHEN. Wellness
Publications, LLC. Bonita, CA. 2005.
Wallach, J. D. and Ma, L.: Let’s Play Doctor! Wellness

Publications, LLC. Bonita, CA. 1989.

Wallach, J. D. and Ma, L.: Let’s Play Herbal doctor. Wellness
Publications, LLC. Bonita, CA. 2001.

Wallach, J. D. and Ma, L.: Passport to Aromatherapy. Wellness
Publications, LLC. Bonita, CA. 2005.

Wallach, J. D. and Ma, L.: RARE EARTHS: forbidden cures.
Wellness Publications, LLC. Bonita, CA. 1994.

Wallach, J. D., Ma, L., Yu, W. H., Gu, B. Q., Yu, F. T. and
Goddard, R. F.: Common Denominators in the Etiology and
Pathology of Visceral Lesions of Cystic Fibrosis and Keshan
Disease. Biol. Trace Ele. Res. Humana Press, Inc. 24:189.
1990.

Wallach, J.D. and Middleton, C.C.: Naturally Occuring
Atherosclerosis in Aoudads (Amotragus Lervia, Pallas). Acta

Zool. Pathol. Antverpiensia. 50:45-54.1970.

Wallach, J.D. and Wallach, J.E.: Rhino Express. Vantage Press.
New York.1978.

Weil, A.: Healthy Aging. Anchor Books. New York. 2005.

===== Screenshot (244) =====

 

Werbach, M.R.: Nutritional Influences on Illness. Third Line
Press, Inc. Tarzana, CA.1987.

Werbach, M.R.: Nutritional Influences on Mental Illness.
Third Line Press, Inc. Tarzana, CA.1991.

Willcox, B. J., Willcox, D. and Suzuki, M.: The OKINAWA
PROGRAM. Clarkson Potter/ Publishers. New York. 2001.

Williams, R.J.: Nutrition Against Disease. Pitman. New
York.1971.

Willius, F.A. and Smith, H.L.: Further Observations on the
Heart in Old Age. A Post Mortem Study of 381 Patients
Aged 70 Years or More. Am. Heart Jour.8:170.1932.

Wolf, G.: “Calorie Restriction Increases Life Span: A Molecular Mechanism.” Nutrition Reviews.64.2 (Feb. 2006): 89-92.

Wolfe, W. S., Weber, C. W. and Arviso, K. D.: Use and Nutrient Composition of Traditional Navajo Foods. Ecology Food
Nutr. 17: 323-44. 1985.

YuS.Y., et al.: Selenium Chemoprevention of Liver Cancer
in Animals and Possible Human Applications. BioTrace Ele.
Res.15:1988.pp231-241.

Zhang, W.E. et al.: Effects of Traces of Rare Earth Elements
on the Protozoan Blepherisma and on Mice. Biol. Trace Ele.
Res. 17:81-90. 1988.

A

Abaj, Takalik, 323
Abkhazians, 321

Abode of Fancy, 412
Abram, 9

Abusta, 322

Ac, 93,

Acid-base balance, 181
Acid soil, 240

Actinium, 93

ADA, 174

Adam, 8

Adams, Samuel, 415
ADD 85, 167

Addison’s disease, 150, 181, 263
ADHD, 85, 167

African deserts, 237, 238
African dust, 237
African lion, 11

Ag, 93

Agate, 211

Agayev, Mejid, 322

Age beaters, 292, 293, 358, 375
Age spots, 34, 207, 209
Aging, 13, 17, 207
Aging process, 1
Agricultural scientists, 3
Al, 96


INDEX

Alchemist, 94, 101

Aldehydes, 32

Alexander the Great, 342

Alfalfa, 2,3

Alpha partides, 152

Aluminum, 96, 97

Alzheimer’s disease, 34, 63, 97

Am, 98

Amazon Basin, 238

Amazon Forest, 237

Amazon Rainforests, 237

Amazon rainstorms, 238

Amazon River, 244

Amazonian Indians, 229, 241

Amazonian soil, 237, 238, 243

American bison, 11

American Cancer Society, 29

American Philosophical
Society, 277

American Revolution, 282 289,
415,

Americans with Disabilities
Act, 174

Americum, 98

Amino acids, 2, 45, 51, 56

Amino acid chelate, 89

Amish, 431

Amyra Indians, 335

Anaerobic, 187

Andromatous strain, 13

===== Screenshot (245) =====

 

Andromed galaxy, 197

Anemia, 118, 184

Angstrom units, 89

Animal chow, 1

Animal starch, 54, 219

Ankylosing spondylitis, 117

Anti-aging, 5, 34, 377

Antimony, 205

Antioxidant, 3, 5, 9, 10, 17, 26,
31, 378

Anxiety, 1

Applejack,

Ar, 98

Arachidonic acid, 60

Arginine, 58, 113

Argentina, 99

Argon, 98, 183

32
=
9.

21

Argonne National Laboratory,

98
Armania, 321
Armanians, 321
Arphaxad, 8
Arsenic, 99, 100
Arsenic deficiency, 99, 100
Art of living long, 20
Arthritis, 20, 117, 146
As, 99
Asai, Dr. Kazuhiko, 147
Ascorbic acid, 69
Ash, 159, 164, 249
Ash merchant, 371
Asian elephant, 11
Aspirin, 102
Astatine, 101
Asthma, 170, 173
At, 101
Ataxia, 63
Athlete, 41
Atmospheric engines, 287

Au, 101,
Aurothioglucose, 102
Avidin, 67

Awamori, 364

Aymara Indians, 334, 335
Ayurvadic medicine 105
Azerbaijanis, 321, 382

B

B, 102

B complex, 62, 65

Ba, 104

Bach, Johann Sebastian, 406
Bad seeds, 85, 167
Bama, 299, 383

Banik, Dr. Allen, 26, 339
Barbagia, 308
Barbarian, 308

Barium, 104

Basic soils, 240

Battle Creek, ML, 438
Battle of Okinawa, 363
Be, 104

Beaker Folk, 243
Beaujolais, 390

Beef tongue, 64

Beer, 272, 385

Beet pulp, 2

Bell’s palsy, 118

Belly gods, 20

Bemidji State University, 132
Berger, Dr. Stewart, 40
Beri-Beri, 62

Berkeley Newsletter, 97

Beryllium, 104

Beta carotene, 17

Bi, 105

Bible, 232

Biblical Patriarchs, 8

Biblical prophets, 8

Bilipid layer membrane, 112

Billionaires, 37

Biochemic Tissue Salts, 79

Bioflavonoids, 76, 115

Biological aging, 67

Bionic implants, 3

Biotin, 67

Bipolar disease, 167

Birth defects, 4

Bismuth, 105

Bitter melon, 370

Black death, 273

Black, Dr. Joseph, 288

Black sea, 321

Black smith, 272

Blood sugar, 54

Blue corn, 325

Blue Zone, 12, 19, 241, 294, 308,
381, 423

Blumenbach, Johann, 321

Boiled tea, 414

Bone, 116, 124, 125, 127, 214,
222, 250, 266

Bone spurs, 118

Boracite,103

Borax, 103

Boric acid, 103

Boron, 102

Boston Latin School, 275

Boston Marathon, 40

Boston Tea Party, 406, 416

Boston University, 72

Botox, 6, 425


Botrytized, 392

Botrytis cinerea, 392

Boulton, Mathew, 288

Br, 106

Brain, Bob, 250

Brandeis University, 43

Brandt, Johanna, 397

Brandy, 393

Brazil, 406

Breast enhancement, 6

Bringham and Women’s
Hospital, 76

Bring Them Back Alive, 48

British Medical Journal, 94

British Museum, 181

Bristle Cone Pine, 11

Bromine, 106

Bronze Age, 243, 307, 309

Brown algae, 102, 159

Brownian movement, 90

Bubonic plaque, 273, 395

Buck, Frank, 48

Buckthorn, 5

Buettner, Dan, 294

Built environment, 243

Bunsen, Robert, 201

Burbridge, E. M., 232

Bush sickness, 128

Bushman, 258

===== Screenshot (246) =====

C

 

C, 107

Ca, 116

Cabernet sauvignon, 389

Cadbury Schweppes, 39

Cadmium, 123

Cainan, 8

Cake tea, 412

Calciferol, 72

Calcium, 87, 116

Calcium deposits, 170

Calloway, Frank, 26

Calorie, 27, 36, 55, 58, 59

Calorie Restricted Diet, 9, 17,
18, 20, 21, 22, 24, 26, 27, 293,
323, 422

Calx, 116

Cambridge University, 152

Campodimele, 311

Cancer, 189

Candy cravings, 267

Cannibals, 51

Carbohydrate, 45, 51, 109

Carbon, 52, 107

Carbon chains, 52

Cardiomyopathy, 79, 209

Carlson, A. H., 25

Carolinska Institute, 96

Carpal Tunnel Syndrome, 100

Carpio, Miguel, 331

Carrel, Dr. Alexis, 13

Cartwright, Dr. Stewart, 40

Castle’s intrinsic factor, 66, 127

Catalase, 191

Cataracts, 34, 86

Catarrh, 94

Catechens, 35

Catherine the Great, 288

Caucasians, 321

Caucasus Mountains, 321

Cave drawings, 256

€dF123

CDeH9

Ce, 124, 133

Celiac disease, 67, 70, 74

Cell cultures, 13

Cell membranes, 74

Cell salts, 79

Cellular immortality, 13

Centenarian club, 12

Center for the Biology of
Natural Systems, 48, 50, 157

Centers for Disease Control, 6,

41
Cerebral palsy, 173
Cerium, 124
Cerium metals, 124, 239
Ceroid, 74, 207
Ceroid lipofuscin, 14, 33, 74
Cesium, 133
Chaking, 411
Chamba River, 331
Champaigne, 395
Chapattis, 359
Charcoal, 241, 244
Chardonnay, 389
Chauvet grotto, 257
Cheilosis, 63
Chelated, 88
Chelated minerals, 88
Chelation, 88
Chemical fertilizer, 164
Chenin blanc, 389
Chicken embryos, 13, 14
Chicken hearts, 13, 14

Chimpanzee, 11

China, 9

Chinese, 294

Chlorine, 124
Chloroform, 110
Chlorophyll, 66, 71, 110
Chocoholic, 85
Chocolate, 35
Cholecalciferol, 60, 72
Cholesterol, 60, 219
Choline, 68

Chorotaga oven, 337
Christian faith, 231
Chromium, 129, 267
Chronic fatigue syndrome, 166
Chronological age, 5, 30
Churchill, Sir Winston, 30
Cigarettes, 123, 203

Cl, 124, 181

Clark, Dr. Gail L., 40
Clay minerals, 265

Cleft lip, 61

Clinical phase, 86

Cm, 125

Co, 125

Coal, 108, 271, 272
Cobalamine, 66

Cobalt, 66, 125

Cocoa, 76, 418

Cod liver oil, 70
Coenzyme A, 64
Coenzyme R, 67

Coffee, 401

Colemanite, 103

Cold blooded animals, 18
Colloidal minerals, 83, 89
Columbia University, 95
Columbite, 215
Commoner, Dr. Barry, 50


Compensated metabolic phase,
85

Compost, 26

Composting, 26

Compression fracture, 117

Concord grapes, 401

Connective tissue cells, 13

Copper, 134, 137

Corn, 2, 439

Cornaro, Luigi, 20, 21, 25

Cornell University, 23

Cosmetics, 6

Costa Rica, 336

Cr, 129

Craig, Sydney, 39

Cramps and twitches, 118

CR Diet, 23, 24, 25, 27, 293

Cribbing, 261

Crichton-Browne, Sir James, 20,
21

Crick, Francis, 39

Crohn’s disease, 67

Cro-magnons, 256, 257, 258

Cross-link proteins, 32

Crusades, 69, 424

Crystalloid, 92

Cs, 133

Cu, 134

Cuban cigars, 30

Culinary ashes, 77, 78, 82, 251,
257, 259, 271, 324

Curie Institute, 145

Curie, Marie, 197, 200

Curium, 125

Currency of life, 228, 230, 375

Cystic fibrosis, 61, 208

===== Screenshot (247) =====
 


D

 

Dancing goats, 401
Darius, 351
Dark chocolate, 35
Darwin, Charles, 237, 288
Darwin, Erasmus, 288
Davy, Sir Humphry, 103, 104,
163, 280
Decaffeinated coffee, 407
Decompensated metabolic
phase, 85
Degenerative arthritis, 117
Degenerative diseases, 6, 86
Depression, 166, 167
Destructive behavior, 9
DHEA, 304
Diabetes, 85, 132, 219
Diamond, Dr. Jared, 254
Dicumarol, 75
Digester, 285
Disaccharides, 53
Distilled spirits, 396, 431
DNA, 15, 83, 107, 177
Dog, 11
Dog food, 3, 4
Dolomite, 169
Dolphin, 11
Domestic cat, 11
Domestic goat, 11
Doping, 146
Dowager’s hump, 117
Down’s syndrome, 86
Dream Team, 40
Dried minnows, 364
Drought, 52
Dunkin Donuts, 409

55

Dust, 78, 236, 237, 423

Dust mulch, 236, 237

Dust to dust, 236

Dutch East Indies Tea Co., 258,
403

Dwarf elephant, 252

Dy, 138

Dynamo, 290

Dysprosium, 138

E

Early detection, 38

Eastern meditation, 17
Eber, 8

Edema, 178

Edible earths, 264

Edison, Thomas, 290
EDTA, 88

EFA, 60, 61

Eggs, 2, 21, 43, 44, 178, 311, 338
Egg-white-injury factor, 67
Egg yolk, 21, 71, 110
Einstein, Albert, 39, 136
Electrical battery, 280
Electricity, 279

Element x, 158

Elixir of Immortality, 410
Emerson, Ralph Waldo, 283
Empty calorie diet, 261
Emulsions, 90

Endangered species, 48
Energy, 271

Energy crisis, 271

Enkidu, 4

Enos, 8

Enzootic ataxia, 79

Epicatechins, 76

Epiogonium ovalifolium, 93

Epson salts, 169

Er, 138

Erbium, 138, 222

Ergosterol, 60

Erosion, 233

Espresso, 408

Espresso late’, 408

Essential amino acids, 57

Essential elements, 18, 83, 84,
94, 226

Essential fatty acids, 3, 45, 51

Essential minerals, 51

Essential nutrients, 30, 35, 47

Eternal youth, 4

Ether, 110

Eu, 139

Europe, 321

Europium, 139

Eustachian tubes, 94

Excutive physicals, 38

Exophthalmos, 161

Extreme longevity, 308

Extreme Longevity Index, 308

F

F, 140

Face lift, 425

Faraday, Michael, 290
Farmer, 307, 327
Farmer Moses G., 291


Fat, 58

Father Acosta, 333, 335
Fat soluble vitamins, 70, 115
Fatty acids, 58, 59
Fatty liver, 68, 69

Fe, 142

Feeds, 2

Feedlot Syndrome, 82
Fertile Crescent, 52
Fertilizer, 26, 289, 371
Fettuccine, 314

Fiber, 56, 121
Fibroblasts, 13, 14
Fibromyalgia, 20

Fire, 249

Fire drill, 251

Fire engine, 286

Fire plow, 251

Fire power, 249

Fire saw, 251

Fish, 318, 320

Fixx, Jim, 42
Flavanols, 76, 115
Flavonoids, 76, 419
Flint, 212

Fluorine, 140

Fogon, 338

Folacin, 65

Folate, 65

Folger, Abigail, 408
Folic acid, 65, 66
Fool’s gold, 212, 251
Forbes Magazine, 37
Fountain of youth, 424
Four Food Groups, 82
Fox, Dr. Charles, 95
Fr, 145

Francalacci, Dr. Paolo 307
France, 256

===== Screenshot (248) =====

 

Francium, 145

Franklin, Benjamin, 270, 275
Fraternal twins, 10

Free radical, 24, 31, 32, 34, 207
French paradox, 397
Freudlich, H., 90

Fried foods, 9

Frizzy hair, 225

Fructose, 54

Fruit flies, 31

Fruit sugars, 54

Fuel, 156, 283, 289

Fuel Revolution, 283

G

G, 149

Ga, 145

Gadolium, 146
Galactose, 54

Galapagos tortoise, 11, 15
Gallium, 145

Gamay, 390

Gandhi, Mohandas, 45
Gandhi, Ramchandra, 45
Gara, Rita, 45

Garden fertilizer, 272
Gardens, 258
Garstang, Michael, 238

Gate keeper, 9

Gd, 146

Ge, 146

Genesis, 232, 385, 428
Genetic equipment, 7
Genetic potential, 6, 7, 8, 9, 18

Genetic upper limit, 12

Genetically engineered, 3, 31

Genetic engineering, 17

Genetic theory, 7

Geophagia, 225, 262

Georgians, 321

Germanium, 146

Gerontological miracle, 3

Gerontologist, 12, 20

Gerontology Research Unit, 25

Gewurztraminer, 390

Gilgamesh, 4, 5, 429

Gilgit Agency, 341

Gin, 397

Gin epidemic, 397

Gingko biloba, 11

Glacial Maximum, 307

Glacial milk, 26, 77, 92, 236, 241,
299, 322, 331, 333, 423, 431

Glacier, 230

Glasgow University, 287

Gluconeogenesis, 53, 219

Glucose, 53, 172, 219

Glutathione, 75, 204

Glutonous, 20

Glycerol, 111

Glycogen, 54, 64

Gnocchi, 313

Going postal, 167

Goiter, 79, 161

Goitrogens, 162

Gold, 101, 216

Gold thioglucose, 102

Gold sodium thiomalate, 102

Golden, Hyman, 39

Good genes, 7, 12

Goodrick, Dr. Charles, 25

Gorilla, 11

Gout, 86

Goya chample, 370

Grape Cure, 397

Grape sugar, 54

Graunt, John, 274

Grave's disease, 150, 161
Gravity, 5, 7

Gray tide, 299

Great Leap Forward, 78, 254
Great Wall of China, 296
Great white shark, 32
Greeks, 384

Green tea, 26, 35, 371, 413
Grenache, 390

Grizzly bear, 11

Gueniot, Dr. Alexandre, 20, 21

H

H, 147

Ha, 56

Hafnium, 153

Hair, 225, 300

Halogen, 106, 140
Harmon, Ellen, 437
Harriat, Thomas, 323
Harvard, 76, 275
Hashimoto's disease, 160
Hayflick, Dr. Leonard 14
Hayflick limit, 14, 15

He, 151

Health, 10

Hecht, Susana, 244, 245
Hedge about the law, 431
HeLa cancer cells, 15
Helium, 151
Hemoglobin, 144, 186, 205


Henrietta Lacks, 15
Heterocyclic amines, 34
Eipdi5s

Hg, 154, 155

High fructose corn syrup, 54
Hijiki, 367

Hills brothers, 407
Hilton, James, 16, 298
Himalayan glaciers, 299
Hippy movement, 17
Histidine, 58, 113

HIV, 188, 209

H.M.S. Beagle, 237
H.M.S. Beaver, 416
H.MS. Eleanor, 416
Ho, 158

E@,52

H,O,, 31

Hobbit, 252

Holick, Dr. Michael, 72
Hollenberg, 76

Holy Waters, 147
Holzol, F., 25
Homeostatic mechanism, 83
Holmium, 158
Hormesis, 28

Horse, 11

Horse tail, 102

House flies, 19

Hovell, J. Mark, 94
Huang, Jing Shi, 155
Hudson Bay Company, 38
Human, 11

Human aging, 10
Human genome, 10
Humic shale, 226
Humus, 234

Hunza, 339, 340, 383
Hunzakut, 26, 349

===== Screenshot (249) =====

 

Hunza Valley, 359
Hyalurovic acid, 56
Hyena, 11

Hydrogen, 147
Hydrogen peroxide, 190
Hydroxyl radical, 32
Hyperthyroid, 150, 161
Hypoglycemia, 220
Hypothermia, 17
Hypothyroidism, 20, 159

1, 158

Ice age, 109

Identical twins, 10

Igneous rock, 93, 98, 102

Immortal, 2, 4, 101, 154

Immortality, 4, 5, 101, 155, 294,
440

Imo King, 370

In, 162

Inca, 333

India, 10, 273

Indian black earth, 243, 245

Indian dark earth, 243

Indium, 162

Industrial Revolution, 289

Industrialized world, 9

Inflammable air, 149

Inflammation, 151, 310

Initial depletion phase, 84

Inorganic colloids, 91

Inorganic mineral salts, 87

Inositol, 68

Insomnia, 117

Insulin, 205, 219
Intolerable Acts, 417
Intrinsic factor, 66
Iodine, 79, 158

lowa State University, 49
Ir, 162

Iraq, 158

Iridium, 162

Iron, 142

Iron age, 142

Iron monger, 286

Iron pyrite, 251
Irrigation, 331

Isaac, 9

Island rule, 253

Isner, Dr. Jeffrey M., 41
Isoleucine, 58, 113
Italian nobility, 20
Italy, 384

Jack in the Box, 409
Jacob, 9

JAMA, 81

Jainists, 430

Japanese knotweed, 35, 400
Jared, 8

Jarvis, D.C., 332
Java, 250

Java Man, 250

Jesuit, 335

Jewels, 78

Jewelry, 130, 254, 256


Jews, 429

Jokhang, 299

Journal of the American
Medical Association, 81

Juniper ash, 328

Jykell, Dr./Mr. Hyde, 85, 167

K

K, 163, 181

Kalahari Desert, 258

Kaldi, 401

Kangaroo, 12

Kayapo, 246

Kellogg, Dr. John H., 439

Kellogg, W. K., 439

Kelp, 5, 366

Kelp ash, 77, 241, 253, 296, 368,
369, 423

Kelp minerals, 77

Kern, Dirse, 245

Keshan disease, 79, 209

Kidney, 213

Kidney stones, 117

King, C. Glenn, 69

Kitchen waste, 271, 300

Kite, 275

Kombu, 366

Komodo dragon, 252

Korsakoff syndrome, 52

Kr, 165

Krypton, 165

Kuna, 76, 421

Kwashiorkor, 178

Kyphosis, 117

La, 165
Lab chow, 3, 4

Lacks, Henrietta, 15
Lacto-vegetarian, 22
Lake Titicaca, 334, 335
Lamech, 8

Landmines, 35
Lanthanum, 165
Lascaux cave, 256
Laver, 367

Lavoisier, Antoine, 185
Lawrence, D.H., 309
Lead, 194

Leaf, Dr. Alexander, 340
Legg-Perthe’s disease, 117
Leucine, 58, 113
Leutene, 379

Levant, 307

Lewis, Reggie, 40, 43
Lhasa, 248

Li, 166

Libido, 173

Life span, 3, 16, 17, 19, 139
Life span potential, 10, 11
Lightening rod, 281
Limestone dust, 26
Limestone grotto, 257
Limestone quarry, 26
Limestone soil, 26
Limey, 69

Lincoln Park Zoo, 48
Linkletter, Art, 26
Linoleic acid, 60
Linolenic acid, 60
Lipids, 58, 110

===== Screenshot (250) =====

 

Lipid peroxides, 32
Lipofuscin, 207
Liposuction, 425
Lithium, 166

Liver spots, 207
Livingston, David, 264
Llama, 335

Locura manganica, 173

Longevity, 3, 4, 5, 9, 10, 46, 47,

435
Lordosis, 117
Lord Sokan, 370
The Lost Horizon, 16
Low back pain, 118
Lu, 168,
Lung fibroblasts, 14
Lutetium, 168
Lysine, 58, 113

Lycopene, 35, 379

M

Ma Lan, Dr., 266

Macular degeneration, 34
Mad Cow disease, 135, 136
Magnesium, 168
Makalaleel, 8

Making of the radical, The, 22
Malondialdehyde, 33
Maltose, 55

Mandela, Nelson, 25
Manganese, 171
Manganes modules, 172
Mann, Charles, 266
Mannitol, 54

Manufactured soil, 241, 356
Manure, 423

Manure ash, 423

Max Plank Institute, 189
Maximum life span, 23, 31, 41
Maxwell, Brian, 42
Maxwell House, 406, 407
Mayan, 417

McCarrison, Sir Robert, 339, 341
McCartney, Linda, 45
McCartney, Paul, 45
McDonalds, 409

McKay, Clive, 17, 22, 30, 36
MDA, 33

Mead, 387

Meadow of Honey, 311
Medical doctors, 40
Medical dogma, 34

Medical journals, 6

Melon, 370

Melville, Herman, 276
Membrane bound proteins, 33
Membrane fluidity, 33
Menadione, 75

Menke’s Kinky Hair, 138
Mercury, 154

Merlot, 391

Metabolic rate, 18, 19
Metallic fingers, 83, 224
Metallic minerals, 87
Metalloenzymes, 83, 143
Methane planet, 32
Methionine, 58, 113
Methuselah, 8

Mg, 168, 170

Middle ages, 388

Milk of the Old, 21
Minamata, Japan, 156, 157
Minamata disease, 156

Mineral, 2, 10, 76, 78, 261

Mineral cofactors, 31, 84

Mislimovy, Shirali, 321

Mitochondria, 32, 74

Mitochondrial enzymes, 74

Mitochondrial membranes, 74

Mn, 171

Mo, 174

Moissan, Henri, 140

Moly, 175

Molybdenum, 174

Monachos, Agapios, 316

Monastary, 388

Monastic, 388

Monk, 388

Monosaccharides, 53, 54

Monozygotic twin, 10

Moorhead, Paul, 14

Moose, 12

Mormon, 427, 423

Morris, Sir Malcom, 94

Mouse, 12

MRSA, 187

Mucopolysaccharides, 56

Multiple vitamin minerals, 46

Munchies, 85, 295

Muscadine grapes, 400

Muscle sugar, 69

Muscular dystrophy, 61, 208

Museu Goeldi, 245

Mutual of Omaha’s Wild
Kingdom, 48

Myelin, 60

Mycoplasma, 188

Myoinositol, 69


N

N, 175

N,, 176

Na, 179, 181

Nacl, 180, 181

Nahor, 9

Nano-technology, 91

National Institute on Aging, 25

Natural causes, 45, 150

Natural gas, 152

Naturally thin, 30

Nature, 365

Naturopathic physician, 51

Navajo, 324

Nb, 181

Nd, 181

Ne, 182

Neanderthals, 212, 254, 257,
258, 295

Nearing, Scott, 20, 22,

Negro Baseball, 41

Nematode, 124

Neodymium, 181

Neolithic, 242

Neolithic colonization, 242
Neolithic period, 242

Neolithic population, 242

Neon, 182

Neptunium, 184

Nescafe, 407

Nessa, Dr. W. Thomas, 40

Nestle Company, 407

Neural tube defects, 61

Newcomen engine, 286, 287

Newcomen, Thomas, 286

New Testament, 429

===== Screenshot (251) =====
 


 

Newton, Sir Isaac, 278, 279, 285

Ni, 183

Niacin, 63

Nickel, 183

Nicotinic acid, 63

Nicoya, 336, 338, 383

Nicoya Peninsula, 336

NIH, 50

Niobium, 181

Nitrates, 177

Nitrites, 177

Nitrogen, 57, 175

Nitrogen cycle, 57

NO, 176

Noah, 8

Nobel, Alfred, 177

Nobel Prize, 13, 140, 177, 189,
201

Nobel Prize Winner, 39, 82, 140,

165, 177, 189
Noble gas, 152, 182, 221
Noble rot, 392
Noguni, Sokan, 370
Nordstrom, Dr. Bjorn, 96
Nori, 367
Np, 184
NPK, 192
NSH, 118
Nucleic acids, 177
Nur, 307
Nuraghic people, 307
Nutritional competency, 13
Nutritional laws, 51 j
Nutritional minerals, 423
Nutritional secondary
hyperthyroidism, 118, 122

O

O, 185, 190

OVS) 527 Leo

O,, 191

Oaking, 389, 393

Oats, 2

Obesity, 20, 30, 80, 85, 133, 220

Ocean, 233, 234, 237

Okinawa, 77, 363, 383

Okinawa International
University, 364

Old dogs, 3

Old ones, 19

Old Testament, 385

Oligosaccharides, 53

Olmec people, 323, 417

Omnivores, 43

Operation Elephant, 50

Operation Rhino, 50

ORAC points, 34, 378, 379

Orangutan, 11

Organ transplants, 3

Organically grown, 45

Oriental diet, 266

Os, 191

OSHA, 174

Osmium, 191

Osteoarthritis, 205

Osteocalcin, 75

Osteofibrosis, 118

Osteomalacia, 117

Osteophagia, 266

Osteoporosis, 117, 141, 146, 205

Ostwald, Wilhelm, 176

Otsego vision, 437

Ovo-vegetarian, 43

Ovo-lacto-vegetarian, 43

Ovo-lacto-pisco-vegetarian, 43

Ovo-lacto-pisco-pollo-vegetarian, 43

Oxford University, 97

Oxidative impact, 31

Oxygen, 185

Ozone, 191

P

P, 191

Pa, 194

PAD, 113

Padua, 20
Pagophagia, 225, 264,
Palladium, 196

Panic attacks, 132
Pantothenic acid, 64
Panyang river, 300
Papas, 333

Papin, Denis, 285
Parasites, 190
Parathyroid gland, 73
Paris Medical Academy, 21
Parrot, 11

Pata pata, 333
Pauling, Linus, 82, 165
Pb, 194

Pd, 196

PEA, 420

Peat ash, 241, 253
Peleg, 8

Pellagra, 63
Pelletized ration, 3


Pennsylvania militia, 277
Pennsylvania stove, 278
Penny Universities, 404
People Are Funny, 26
Peptide bonds, 112, 113
Perey, Marguerite, 145
Perkins, Marlin, 48, 50
Perls, Dr. Thomas, 19
Pernicious anemia, 66, 128
Peroxidized, 32, 75
Peroxidized lipids, 32
Personal Chef, 38
Personal trainer, 38
Pes, Gianni, 307
pH, 149, 150
Pharmaceuticals, 10
Phenylalanine, 58, 113
Phenylethylamine, 420
Philadelphia exposition, 291
Phoenicians, 307
Phosphorus, 191
Photosynthesis, 52, 185
Phylloquinone, 75
Physical self, 9
Physiological age, 14, 17
Phytate, 68
Phytic acid, 68, 69, 121
Phytochemicals, 419, 420
Pica, 79, 85, 144, 225, 261, 262,
295
Pima Indians, 327
Pigment of aging, 14, 34
Pinot noir, 391, 400
Pisco-vegetarian, 43
Pitchblende, 218
Pizzarro, Francisco, 334
Place of the Gods, 298
Plant minerals, 5, 17, 26, 30, 77,
226, 278, 294, 295

===== Screenshot (252) =====

ea

Plastic surgery, 6

Platinum, 199

Plutonium, 199

Pm, 196

PMS, 118

Po, 197

Podocorpus National Park, 331

Polenta, 303

Pollo-vegetarian, 44

Polo, Marco, 297, 352

Polonium, 197

Polydactyly, 223

Polyphenols, 420

Polysaccharides, 53, 55

Polyunsaturated fat, 59, 74, 75,
111

Potable gold, 154

Potash, 164

Potash Fever, 289

Potassium, 163, 267

PowerBar, 42

Pr, 198

Praseodymium, 198

Pre-Columbian pottery, 244

Pre-mix, 2,3

Price, Dr. Weston A., 332

Priestly, Joseph, 185, 288

Proanthocyanins, 35

Prolonged clotting time, 118

Prometheus, 196

Promethium, 196

Protactinium, 194,

Proteins, 56, 112, 177, 178

Prozac, 166

Pt, 199

Pu, 199

Poulain, Dr. Michael, 308

Purina Mills, 2

Puritanism, 276

Pyrex, 103
Pyridoxine, 65

Q

Queen, 262, 425
Quicksilver, 154
Quincies, 94
Quinoa, 335

R

Ra, 200

Rabbit, 12,

Radium, 197, 200

Radio isotopes, 101, 145
Radon, 202

Rage, 167

Ramadon, 430

Ramazzini, Dr. Bernardo, 174
Ramsay, WM, 98, 152

Rare earths, 3, 44, 77, 165
Rat, 12

Rate of Living Theory, 19
Rayleih, Lord, 98

Rb, 201

RDI, 36

Re, 202

Reactive Oxygen Species, 31
Receding gums, 44, 117
Redox switch, 210

Red algae, 96

Red Wine, 35, 398
Resveratrol, 26, 379, 397, 398
Retardation Centers, 63
Retinol, 70

Retsina, 316

Reu, 8

Rh, 202

Rhenium, 202

Rhesus monkey, 11
Rhodium, 202

Riboflavin, 63

Rice straw ash, 77, 241
Rice University, 108

Rice wine, 371

Rickets, 72

Riesling, 391

Rigg’s disease, 94

Rio Desaqurdero, 334

Rio Yambala, 331

Rn, 202

RNA, 83, 177

Road rage, 167
Rockefeller Institute, 13
Rock flour, 87, 92, 236
Romans, 116, 179, 188, 242
Roof of the world, 356
ROS, 31

Rose wine, 393, 398

Ross, Dr. Morris, 23

Royal Society, 274, 277, 281, 285
Ru, 204

Rubber People,323, 417
Rubidium, 201
Ruthenium, 204
Rutherford, Sir Ernest, 152
Ryukyus, 363


S

S, 204

S-S- bond, 204, 210

Sahara Desert, 238

Salah, 8

Salary, 180

Salicylates, 102

Salk Institute, 39

Salt, 180

Salt appetite, 180, 262

Salt hunger, 180, 181, 295

Salt March, 45

Saltpeter, 159, 164

Samarium, 212

San, 438

Sanka Coffee, 407

Sardinia, 307, 309

SARS, 188

Sassolite, 103

Satan’s copper, 183

Sauvignon blanc, 392

Sb, 205

Sc, 206

Scandium, 206

Scheussler, Dr. Wm. H., 79

Schrauser, Prof. G., 97, 210

Schultz, Howard, 408

Sciatica, 118

Scurvy, 69

Se, 156, 206

Sea salt, 77

Seabed clay, 87, 92

Seabora, Glenn T., 98, 200

Sea vegetables, 93, 104, 107, 163,
365

Sea weed, 159, 365, 367, 374

===== Screenshot (253) =====

 

Sea weed ash, 159

Sedimentary rocks, 43

Selenium, 31, 35, 40, 156, 206

Semillon, 392

Senescence factor, 15

Senile dementia, 34

Serug, 9

Seth, 8

Seventh Day Adventist, 427,
436 :

SH groups, 210

Shangri-La, 16, 298

Shark attacks, 32

Shay, Ryan, 43

Sheehan, Dr. George, 42

Shem, 8

Shiitake mushroom, 147

Shiraz, 393

Shrew, 12

Si, 211

SIDS, 208

Silica, 211

Silicon, 211

Silt, 77, 234, 235, 339, 423

Silvadene, 95

Silver, 93

Silver fillings, 95

Silver sulfadiazine, 95

Singlet oxygen, 190

Sir-2, 399

Sirtuins, 399

Skinny, 29

Skunk, 12

Sleeping beauty cells, 191

Sm, 212

Smallpox, 276

Smart Money, 37

Smell test, 38

Sn, 213

Snake wine, 301
Snapple, 39

SOD, 31, 172

Sodium, 179

Sodium chloride, 180
Solar currency, 53, 169
Solar Income, 53, 249, 284
Solutions, 90
Sombroek, Wim, 243
Sons of Liberty, 415
Sorbitol, 54

South Africa, 26, 49
South America, 48, 237
Southern Rhodesia, 50
Soybeans, 2

Spencer, Archibald, 279
Spinal stenosis, 118
Spirits, 396

Spiritual self, 9

Sr, 214

Staff of Life, 52, 78
Starbucks, 408
Starvation Springtime, 340
Steam engine, 284
Stegodon, 252

Stem cells, 3, 13, 96
Stochastic, 7, 12, 18
Stomach fever, 20
Stone Age, 143

Stone towers, 307
Strike-a-light, 251
Strong drink, 431
Strontium, 214
Strontium-90,

Sucrose, 55

Sudden death, 17
Sugar, 51, 109

Sugar free, 55

Sulfur, 35, 57, 183, 204


 

Sumarian King, 4

Sunning, 19, 338

Superman, 165

Superoxide dismutase, 31, 172
Superoxide radicals, 31
Sweet potato, 301, 302, 370
Symi, 315

Symposium, 387
Syndactyly, 223

Syrah, 393

Szent-Gyorgyi, Albert, 69, 76

T

Ta, 214

Tantalum, 214
Tarahumara, 330
Taubert, Dr. Dirk, 76
Taurine, 58, 113
Taylor, Elizabeth, 119
Tb, 215

e215,

Te, 216

Tea, 365, 410

Teaism, 365
Tea-room, 412
Technetium, 215
Tellurium, 216

Terah, 9

Terbium, 215
Terbium metals, 215, 239
Terra Mare, 241

Terra Mulata, 229, 244
Terra Preta, 229, 241, 243, 244, 246
Terraces, 77, 300, 356

Th, 216

Theories of Relativity, 39
Thiamin, 59, 62
Thorium, 216
Threonine, 58, 113
Thulium, 217

by 217,

Tibetans, 294, 298

Tin, 213

Tinder, 251

Tinear, 214

Tinker, 276, 286
Tinnitis, 118

Tissue Salts, 79
Titanium, 217

Titicaca, 332, 384

Tm, 217

TMJ, 173

TNT, 177

Tocopherol, 74

Topsoil, 234
Tourmaline, 103

Toxic shock, 189

TPP, 62

Trace elements, 77, 82
Trace minerals, 3, 77, 82
Trans fats, 151, 207
Tree of knowledge, 289
Trigeminal neuralgia, 118
Triglycerides, 58, 59
Truth or Consequences, 26
Tryptophan, 58, 64
Tsampa, 298
Tuberculosis, 63 187
Tummy-tuck, 6
Tungsten, 221

Turkish Coffee, 403
Typhoon of Steel, 363
Tyrosine, 58, 1 13

===== Screenshot (254) =====

 

 

U

U, 218

UCLA, 19, 356

UCSD, 97

Undernutrition without
nutrition, 24

Undifferentiated fibroblasts, 13

University of Bayreuth, 247

University of British Columbia,

165, 221
University of California, 14, 16,
73, 101, 337
University of Cambridge, 148
University of Capetown, 250
University of Chicago, 98
University of Cologne, 76
University of Michigan, 258
University of Missouri, 49
University of Paris, 273
University of Pittsburgh, 69
University of Virginia, 238
University of Wisconsin, 23, 70
Ulexite, 103
Ultar Glacier, 77
Upper limits, 8
Uranium, 218
Uranus, 184
Uruk, 4
USDA, 79, 80
U.S. Patent No. 1, 289

V

V, 218

Vaccination, 276
Valine, 58, 113
Vampire bat, 12
Vanadium, 218, 267
Vegan, 43
Vegetable, 110
Vegetable soup, 21
Vegetarian, 43, 67, 265
Venice, 20

Vertigo, 171
Vilcabama, 331, 384

Vitamin, 2, 10, 26, 35, 45, 51, 61,

114
Vitamin A, ¢
Vitamin B,,
Vitamin B.,
Vitamin B,,
Vitamin B.,
Vitamin B,, 65
Vitamin B,,, 66, 126, 184
Vitamin C, 35, 62, 69
Vitamin D, 59, 60, 70, 72
Vitamin D,, 19, 60, 72
Vitamin E, 35, 59, 70, 74
Vitamin H, 67
Vitamin K, 59, 70, 75
Vitamin P, 76
Viticulture, 388
Vitiligo, 134
Vitis vinifera, 385
Vortex water, 87

Voyutsky, S. S., 90

DHA WY
Bm Gh Nh J!

o

WwW

W, 221

Wakame, 367

Walford, Dr. Roy, 19, 32, 41, 132

Wallach, Dr. J.D., 50, 51, 61, 293

Wallach’s vertigo, 118

Wang, Nina, 39

Wangang, 299

Warburg, Dr. Otto, 189

Warburg’s yellow enzyme, 63

Warfarin, 75

Washington, George, 20

Washington University, 50

Water balance, 180

Water gates, 284

Water intoxication, 181

Water soluble vitamins, 62, 115

Watson, James, 287, 288

Watt, Frank, 97

Watt, James, 287, 288

Weber, Sir Hermann, 20, 21

Wedgewood, Joseph, 288

Weindruch, Dr. Richard, 23

Wells, T. H. Anderson, 95

Wernicke-Korsakoff syndrome,
62

West, Dr. Michael, 16

Wet desert, 243

Whale, 11

Wheat, 2

Whiskey, 272, 396

White wine, 316

WHO, 9, 97

Wild kingdom, 48

Willcox, Bradley J., 364

Willcox, D. Craig, 364


Wine, 21, 385, 394

Wistar Institute, 14

Without malnutrition, 17, 20,
23, 24, 36

Wolframite, 221

Wood, 78, 93, 126

Wood ashes, 64, 77, 164, 241,
244, 246, 251, 253, 259, 263,
326

Wood-burning stove, 22

Woods metal, 123

Worrel, Dr. Raymond Jr., 100

X

Xe, 221

Xenon, 183, 221
Xenobiotics, 210
Xerophthalmia, 70
Xylitol, 55

Y,

e222

Yak, 298

Yale University, 70

Yao people, 299

Yb, 222

Yellow cake, 218

Yerke’s RegionalPrimate
Research Ctr., 50

===== Screenshot (255) =====

(isc ae we ea e——————eeeee

Young, Ambassador Andrew,
26

Young, Brighan, 434

Young wine, 21

Youth, 5

Youth hormone, 304

Ytterbium, 222

Ytterbium metals, 222, 240

Yttrium, 222

Yttrium metals, 222, 240

Yu the Great, 296

Yun, Li-Ching, 304

108 MILLION
CASSETTES & CD SOLD

Z WORLDWIDE
& COUNTING

 
    
   
   
   
     
 
     

Zimbabwe, 50 .
Zinc, 223 ¢ How to prevent and reverse 412 $ 95
ne diseases with vitamins, minerals
Zinfandel, 393 }
tS and herbs
Zircon, 226 T ‘
bee Eatin ¢ The alternative health “tell-all”
oe ek aks 153, 226 that makes medical doctors cringe BONUS!
Mele
FAnpaadends e Dr. Wallach’s response to his critics One
LON eo 5 “DEAD DOCTORS
Zucker, Jerry, 38 e Answers to questions raised by DON’T LIE”
; “Dead Doctors Don't Lie” Cassette cD

Complete current medical knowledge
on 77 minerals

Hardback over 400 pages

3.5 million casualties (killed and
wounded) in American
hospitals each year

 

1-800-755-4656
www.drjwallach.com

===== Screenshot (256) =====
 

its ne Origiinal tape that started it a a

    

order 1-9 / order 10

 

 

 

 

 

   

  

   

 

CD003 Trus lam tor
CD004 Good Doctor, Bad Doctor
C005 ie SveDoctors Bore DVD001 Let's Talk Minerals $12.95 $7.00
CD006 Medical Dogmas & Lie
CD007 Medical Milking Machine
CD008 What's Up Doc ll DVD002 Have You Heard $12.95 $7.00
CD009 Women,Athletes and Children
CD010 Medical Mouse Trap i i
CD01 The Best of Dead DVDOO05 Is It Possible to Reverse Aging (HGH) $10.00 $7.00
CD012_ ~— Lucky Mo
CD013 ~—Hell's Kitchen DVD006 This Land Is Leached Land $12.95 $8.00
CD014 ~— God's Recipe
CD015 $10 Path to Financial Freedom fs .
D016 Ferret Fat Pak 101 DVD007 Take it Off, Keep it Off $12.95 $8.00
CD017 Live Free or Die
CD018 —_—- Healthier and Longer Life DVD008 Undoing of Disease $12.95 $8.00
C Dial MD for Murder
Cl Truth is For :
Ct HE ree : prea ieal DVD009 Live Long and Prosper $12.95 $8.00
CD NBA and Youngevity Opportunity acMath -Athlet
DVD012 Mineral Story $12.95 $8.00
CD034 Black Gene Lies Twine - the top kille
( DVD013 Y factor $10.00 $7.00
Black Ge sll hangers Men's
Tomato Warning DVD014 Dead Doctors Don't Lie $12.95 8.00
Dead Athletes Do ie
H5N1 Bird Fl r.Ma Lan
Deanne Bad Dvp015 Mineral Basics $12.95 $8.00
Until Death Do Us Part Outline information of Dr.Wallach’'s lectures
History on energy boost DVD016 Health Confidence $25.00 $14.00

      

(Creflo Dollar’s Church)

CD058
CD059
CD060 Tru Chocolate Dr

allach

est of DDDL With 25 questions and answers

Wallach , Sandy Elsberg and Elaine Lagatta

order 1-10: $3.00/each, 11-20: $2.00/each, 50 and more: $1.00/each P E R SO N A LIZ E D Gc D

personalized CD label is available for minimum of 50 CD order.

Other CDs 1) Minimum Order: 50/per title

2) Title: any title

 

( Selenium Dr.Gerhard Schrauzer
: Seeing is believing Dr.Pugh oes
Quality Quality Richard Renton 3) Price: $1.00/per CD

  

ynd Juice Ken Cole

4) Set-up fee: none

ndation for Succ

 

Richard Stocks
CDO Dr.Wallach, Martin Luther King Ill Jonathan Emorc
CD053 Juice Cures Jay Kordich

    

Three Health Freedc
