Digitized by the Internet Archive
in 2010
http://www.archive.org/details/letsplaydoctorOOwall
Lets Play Doctor
<K>

Lets Play Doctor
J.D. Wallach, DVM, ND
and
Ma Lan, md, ms
The information in this book is intended to be medical instruction. It's purpose is to be
educational and informative. It is assumed the user, as their own primary health care provider,
will consult with or refer themselves to an N.D., D.C., or D.V.M. as they deem necessary.
Library of Congress Cataloging in Publications Data:
Wallach, J.D. and Lan, Ma
LET'S PLAY DOCTOR
Bibliography: p
Includes Index
1. Wholistic Health Care. 2. Self-Help Health Care. 3. Translations -prescriptions.
5. Eclectic Materia Medica. 6. Alternative Self-Help
LET'S PLAY DOCTOR
Fourth Edition, 1995
COPYRIGHT ©1989 by J.D. Wallach, Ma Lan and Double Happiness Publishing Co.
All rights reserved
No part of this book may be copied or reproduced in any form without written consent of the authors
and publisher.
Printed and published by Double Happiness Publishing Co., Bonita, Ca.
Acknowledgement
The extraordinary help and technical advice of Vince Marasigan, Linda Wick and the staff
of the Double Happiness Publishing Company allowed us to have a joyous "home
delivery." We also need to thank my 13 year-old son, Jeremiah C. Wallach for doing a
significant amount of grunt work on the rough manuscripts.
"I am a realist, as long as the profit is in the treatment of symptoms
rather than in the search for causes, that's where the medical
profession will go for it's harvest."
-ARTHUR F. COCA, M.D.
The Pulse Test
Dedication
This book is dedicated to individual health freedom, freedom of choice in health care, the
Constitution of the United States and to the separation of medicine and state as with church and
state.
"The Constitution of this Republic should make special provisions for Medical Freedom as well
as Religious Freedom. To restrict the art of healing to one class of men and deny equal privileges
to others will constitute the Bastille of medical science. All such laws are unAmerican and
despotic."
- BENJAMIN RUSH, M.D.
A signer of the Declaration of Independence
and this nation's first Surgeon General.
Table of Contents
Introduction Peter & Jacqueline Holliday vii
Foreward Lendon Smith, M.D viii
Preface Joel D. Wallach, B.S., D.V.M., N.D x
Chapter 1 Pre-Med 1
Chapter 2 Doctor Talk 6
Chapter 3 Medical Library 24
Chapter 4 Medical Toys 26
Chapter 5 Medical Laboratory 30
Chpater 6 Diagnosis 41
Chapter 7 Healing Arts 51
Chapter 8 Pharmacy "'O
Chapter 9 OB/GYN Homebirth 74
Chapter 10 Materia Medica 80
Chapter 1 Referrals to Specialists 176
Chapter 1 Insurance & Hospitals 179
Chapter 13 Public Health 182
References and Resources 184
Index 195
IV
Introduction
Drs. Wallach and Ma Lan are offering an educational as well as an entertaining
manuscript in Let's Play Doctor.
Although alternative medicine holds quite a fascination for many of us, the subject
when reviewed in its entirety, as this book does, can tend to become dreary reading. Not
so here - with a wit deserving of wider recognition, the authors have succeeded in getting
across that allows the reader to grasp the importance of an idea without getting bored.
Perhpas just as important, the reader is led into some serious discussions, without creating
an impression that this is too deep or difficult for them to understand.
To bring the wealth of information from a licensed veterinarian and naturopathic
physician and a physician trained in Oriental medicine into a single volume has created
a rare and fulfilling experience in the realm of wholism. Although the authors may give
the impression of being slightly prejudiced as to their philosophy of healing, it is very
obvious that these beliefs are based on facts and personal observations through many
years of combined practice.
This is probably the first time a veterinarian turned physician has written about the
similarities and discrepancies of treating animals as compared to humans. In some
respects, it is frightening to know that the average animal that gets sick has a much better
chance of getting well than humans do. That the food we humans eat is almost guaranteed
to make animals sick, and that the minimum daily requirements for vitamins, minerals,
proteins and fats are much more well researched in animals than man - and that the
Recommended Daily Allowances are considerably higher.
When we consider that most animals live to approximately twenty times their age of
maturity and man only five times his, we see the wisdom of a wellness lifestyle. Let's Play
Doctor will guide you through the intricacies of basic health care, teach you how to supply
your personal "health" cabinet and how to diagnose simple illnesses with ease. Enjoy
reading the book!
Peter Holliday &
Jackie Holliday
VII
Foreword
I have known Joel Wallach for many years and he never ceases to amaze me. He is busy,
bright, and has his finger in more modalities of healing than I ever knew existed. I first met him
about 1 5 years ago when I was getting started in the nutritional approach to the care and feeding
of children. He was an inspiration as I was realizing how much the practice of veterinary
medicine is like pediatrics: one really has to use one's diagnostic acumen to figure out the
pathology.
I also became aware, with much help from Joel, that nutrition is the basis of health. He
learned that through his veterinary training, and it was reinforced when he discovered that many
of the diseases of animals have their counterparts in humans. He was able to show me that cystic
fibrosis was related to the selenium deficiency of the mother during the pregnancy and that the
full-blown disease in a child did not show up unless the deficiency was not corrected in the child
early. Of course, the standard orthodox medical thought still believes that genetics and genetics
alone determines who will get the disease and how seriously.
Joel has tried to get someone to believe his ideas are worth investigating, but once doctors
make up their minds - well, you know how stubborn they can be. I was like that one, but people
like Joel have helped me see the light. We (MD's) do not have all the answers. Knowing that
he has been forced to deal with these negative attitudes despite his presentation of reproducible
facts, you can understand his rather blatant doctor-bashing tirades scattered through the book.
Some is fair, and some is overdone. Go for it, Joel, get it off your chest!
The nice tiling about this book is that Joel asumes that the reader is reasonably intelligent. He
assumes the reader knows what a rash is, and that if a person has a high fever and a convulsion,
die reader would naturally dash off to the emergency room. Most everyone is aware that ice
water is best for burns, not lard.
His background in Naturopathic Medicine makes his remedies credible. We need to
become more familiar with the natural healing methods; we also need to know when to draw
the line between home care and a real emergency. I can remember one of our children giving
me a fright when she was but a baby. She had a high fever and a convulstion and I was trying
to be calm. "Let me see, now, what do I tell people over the 'phone when they call about this
problem-oh, yes, the comfortable hot bath to get the skin capillaries dilated, and then sponging
VIM
health care system. Under the protective and loving wing of the government, "orthodox"
medicine has flourished as a house of cards. Today the medical-pharmaceutical complex costs
Americans more money each year than does all the military and Pentagon spending combined
(i.e. , $817 billion yet our health among the western industrialized nations is listed as 17th by the
WHO). The extreme of this mentality is when "hungry orthodox" doctors get court orders to
force you to take blood transfusions or take chemotherapy against your religious beliefs or
charges you with child abuse and take your children away because your religion doesn't believe
in vaccinations — is this not the same as forcing you to attend a state operated church???
It is of interest that the 10,000 year old system of Traditional Chinese Medicine only paid
the doctor when you were well and stopped paying him when you became ill — this ancient
system combined with the veterinary mind set would be an ideal medical system!!!
My personal experience with "orthodox" doctors both as my physicians and fellow
researchers has been disastrous. The "orthodox" oncologist did not infoim me ofany alternatives
when they "treated" my wife and killed her with chemotherapy in 1978; the "orthodox" doctors
deemed my son to have "learning disabilities" when, in fact, he had severe and debilitating food
allergies; pediatricians missed a diagnosis of folic acid deficiency anemia and a fractured arm in
my children; and lastly, they killed my father with a nosocomial infection initiated during a very
simple procedure. I am a faithful servant to anything I believe in so it took me until 1978 to realize
that if I was to have a positive effect on human health I would have to go back to school and
become a physician! I chose to become an N.D. (a naturopathic physician) because they
believed philosophically in nutrition as a basic bulwark against disease. It is now time to share
with you the accumulated knowledge of the veterinary profession and the naturopathic
profession.
Lastly, the purpose of this book is to give you enough information so you can avoid
unnecessary doctor or hospital visits. Most of us were normally curious about our bodies at an
early age and we said to our friends, "Let's Play Doctor;" we "performed surgery," "delivered
babies," gave "physicals" and wrote "prescriptions." As we grew older, we developed other
interests (i.e., cars, math, dogs, etc.) and gleefully delegated our health care to the "orthodox"
M.D. The government bureaucrats recognized a "good thing," ran to get in on the act and
crowned the doctor "Bishops" of the "Bermuda Triangle" and themselves the first "Kings of the
Realm."
Resist! Before you decide to follow your cardiologists advice, look in the obituaries for
cardiologists who die under the age of fifty from a heart attack while jogging in the park.! Let's
Play Doctor together! Be like the proud little girl who said to her mother, "After we learned about
the Boston Tea Party in school today, I threw all of the "orthodox" dmgs from the medicine
cabinet into the toilet."
"Praise the Lord and pass the herbs (ammunition)!!"
JoelD. Wallacb, B.S., D.VM., N.D.
XI
Chapter 1
Pre-Med "The medical profession is unconsciously
irritated by lay knowledge.
-John Steinbeck
All "orthodox" doctors should be re-
quired to go to veterinary school as a pre-med
course in the same way that Chinese doctors
are required to complete training in Chinese
Traditional Medicine before they enter into
western type medical schools. The Chinese,
who have a socialized medical system, realize
that Chinese Traditional Medicine is a better
buy for their money than western style "ortho-
dox" medicine that is heavily tilted toward
surgery, pharmaceuticals and hospitalization.
In June 1989, I had the great honor to do a
cystic fibrosis research project in China with
several of the more famous Chinese physi-
cians; while there I visited several CTM hospi-
tals as well as their western style hospitals - it
was wonderful. The CTM hospitals were
teeming with patients, doctors and techni-
cians performing acupuncture procedures, ma-
nipulation, hydrotherapy, physical therapy,
etc. It looked like a railway station in a war
zone full of evacuees of every description.
Everyone was happy —even the patients who
were packed as many as ten into a therapy
room and hundreds waiting in the halls.
In contrast, the western type hospitals
were politely filled with echoes of empty halls
- the "orthodox" doctors get paid less than the
CTM doctors and even less than cab drivers (I
believe that's fair!).
The history of medicine reads like the
history of nations in that there were, and still
are, great battles going on, most of which are
over "turf' (scope of practice) and raw materi-
als (patients). At the time ofHenry VIII (and for
10,000 years before), there was nothing un-
common in medical (herbal) expertise. Noble-
men did in royal style what every household
did out of necessity. In 1526, the first Herbal
(medical self-help book) was translated from
Greek and published for the common man.
Those that followed were published by physi-
cians and surgeons or chemists for consump-
tion by their peers. Each author began to
demand that everyone accept his collection of
medications as the last word. The first govern-
ment approved drug list was printed in
Nuremberg between 1515 and 1544.
Paracelsus complained that physicians
and apothecaries were pushing only exotic
plants and forgetting those in the local
"hedgerow" (they could get more for imported
medicines than for the common backyard
varieties even though in many cases the local
herb was more effective) — the process had
already begun!!! The full degree medical course
at Cambridge in the 1500s took up to 14 years
and was, therefore, the private domain of the
wealthy (it was not uncommon for the medi-
cal students to take courses from schools in
five to ten different countries in the process of
getting their degree). During this time ama-
teurs were the greatest competition to physi-
cians and they complained loudly to the Par-
liament "for now every man without any study
of necessary artes unto the knowledge of
Physick will become a physician.. .every man,
nay every wyfe will presume, not without
mordre to many, to practyse Physick."
The early surgeons depended primarily
on venereal disease as their source of income
(three out of four). Although the surgeons did
not have a Guild or Charter, they fought bit-
terly with the Barber-Surgeons who had got-
ten a Royal Charter in 1462. The Barber-
Surgeons were expected by charter to confine
their efforts to cupping, bleeding, and tooth
extraction. The apothecaries strongly believed
they knew as much, or more, about medicine
as did the physician. The chemist and apoth-
ecaries were expected by their charter to ob-
tain medicines from the Royal Grocers' Com-
pany (food and drug company favored by the
crown).
Now, in addition to all of these govern-
ment approved practitioners, were the great
masses of everyday people who dabbled in
home self-help because the average man
couldn't afford a Cambridge trained physi-
cian. The physicians complained "a great
multitude of ignorant persons, of whom the
greater part had no insight into physic, nor in
any other kind of learning; some could not
even read the letter on the book, so far forth,
that common artificers, smiths, weavers and
women, boldly and accustomedly took upon
them great cures, to the high displeasure of
God, great infamy of the faculty, and the
grievous hurt,damage and destruction ofmany
of the King's liege people."
In 1518, the College of Physicians was
established and confirmed by Parliament to
have medical control over the entire realm of
England. In 1540, Parliament created several
Acts which gave physicians control over Sur-
geons and Apothecaries. In a peacemaking
offering to the unhappy Surgeons, Barbers
were now forbidden to do surgery by the
same Act. The Surgeons, in an all out effort to
eliminate any competition in their now re-
stricted scope of practice, set upon women
herbalists and labeled them Witches. Because
some of the Surgeons' victims of wrath had
friends in Parliament, a new Act was passed
that created a new type of recognized physi-
cian - the herbalist. The Act castigated the
Surgeons for their greed and failure to treat the
common man if they couldn't pay; "minding
only their own lucre, and nothing die profit or
ease of the diseased or patient, having sued,
troubled and vexed divers honest persons, as
well as men as women, whom God hath
induced with the knowledge of nature, kind
and operation of certain Herbs, Roots and
Waters, and suing the ministering of them, to
such as has been pained with customable
diseases, as Women's Breasts being sore, a pin
and the Web in the Eye, Uncomes of hands,
scaldings, burnings, sore mouths, the stone,
stagury, saucelim and morphew, and such
other like diseases; and yet the said persons
have not taken anything for their pains or
cunnings, but have ministered the same to
poor people only for neighbourhood and
God's sake and pity and charity" (doesn't this
sound somehow familiar -think of the
fundraising efforts of a local village fire depart-
ment to raise $ 500,000 for medical expenses to
do a liver transplant on little Jimmy. The
whole village gives of their charity but does
the hospital or the "orthodox" doctor reduce
the price? No! Little Jimmy must wait for his
liver until the full "orthodox" medical fee is
raised).
It is a sad fact that the "orthodox" medical
profession worries more about competitors
than they do about finding cures. Almost all
"medical" discoveries were found by others
than those "orthodox" doctors in universities
and hospitals. For example, during the time
when "orthodox" doctors believed that there
was "spontaneous generation of life," Van
Leeuwenhoek (a medical school janitor) dis-
covered the microscope; Pasteur (a wine mi-
crobiologist) proved vaccines in animals, cre-
ated rabies vaccine, determined that there
were viral particles smaller than bacteria, and
disproved the theory of spontaneous genera-
tion of life; Jenner (a country physician/veteri-
narian) noticed that milkmaids didn't get small-
pox when they had cowpox sores on their
hands so he protected his whole village by
giving them cowpox!! During this time, the
physicians in the halls of the universities and
hospitals fought against these new theories
even to the point that Pasteur had to challenge
them in the newspaper with a great sheep
vaccination experiment in the outskirts of
Paris (doesn't this sound like the media release
of scientific "breakthroughs" of today?) -as we
all know, Pasteur prevailed!!
More recent was the discovery by veteri-
narians that ticks, flies and mosquitos trans-
mitted tick fever to livestock and yellow fever
to people; since Walter Reed was a physician
and the head of the Panama Canal Health
Committee, the hospital was named after him!
We know from military history and ac-
celerated medical training programs that it
doesn't take eight years to train a basic physi-
cian and another two to five years for resi-
dency and specialty training. Whythen does
the "orthodox" medical training take so long?
It's elementary, Watson! It takes that long to
totally enslave a young fertile mind to the
"carrot" and "suck" system. Be good, write lots
of prescriptions, refer lots of patients to the
local hospital and you get the "carrot" (i.e. , the
Mercedes, big house, beach house, pool, in-
vestments, ski trips, golf every Wednesday,
pretty wife, etc.). But woe unto you, Doctor;
ifyou rebel in any way, you get the "stick" (i.e.
you get your license jerked!).
The most blatant example ofthis "carrot"
and "stick" system I know of is James Privitera,
M.D. who was an early advocate of Laetrile
(the alternative cancer medication). For his
compassion to his terminal patients (you must
know that Laetrile was legal in 23 states but not
California because the "orthodox" oncologists
had too strong of a lobby in the legislature), he
was prosecuted by the State of California at the
behest ofthe "orthodox" Medical Board, found
guilty of using an "unauthorized" drug and
thrown in jail. After great effort from the
National Health Federation, Governor Jerry
Brown pardoned Dr. Privitera. After his re-
lease, he returned to his practice, however, the
events of his persecution had made him a west
coast folk hero; the local doctors convinced
the California authorities to continue their
investigation of him to the point he wrote
them a letter saying if they didn't cease and
desist from harassment, he was going to hold
a news conference and expose their tactics
whereupon the good doctor was handcuffed,
anested and charged with extortion because
he had "threatened" these United States!! Some-
thing really stinks here!! Fortunately, the local
judge recognized that the "government had
overreacted" and threw the case out of court!!
This judge should be a Supreme CourtJustice!"
"Orthodox" doctors are now advertising
in the Yellow Pages, an act that would have
brought down the "stick" upon them as re-
cently as five years ago. What is happening?
Well, it appears that despite their best efforts,
the American people are beginning to shop
around and look for a better way - forcing
"orthodox" doctors to more openly fight for
their share of the patient load! According to
mygood friend and colleague, William Moore,
Esq. (who is a physician and attorney, a court-
room attorney in the classical Perry Mason
terms), the fall of the "orthodox allopathic
system" began in March of 1942 when the GI
Bill of Rights was enacted at the same time that
"orthodox" doctors were reaching their zenith
in popularity, power and money.
The GI Bill created an education boom
in the United States which is as much an
antithesis to "orthodox" medicine as the Devil
is to God!!! For the first time in the history of
man, the patient had an equal or greater
education than the doctor and/or a greater or
equal financial portfolio than the doctor; pa-
tients ask questions today, want second opin-
ions, shop around and refuse "elective proce-
dures" (unnecessary operations). The "God-
like" image of the "orthodox" doctor required
total blind obedience and an educational strati-
fication with himself at the top. This stratifica-
tion doesn't exist anymore and we are no
longer "hayseeds" to be dazzled into "buying
the Brooklyn Bridge" (i.e., chemotherapy) or
the "con man" (doctor) who charges you or
your insurance $150 for a seven-minute visit
or physical.
Today, "orthodox" medicine is in its
"agonal throes" (death struggle); all it needs
for an appropriate euthanasia (mercy killing)
or Coup de Grace is for the government to stop
helping them - let the marketplace have its
day; become your own"primary health care
provider" (your grandmother did it!!)
You need to make a conscious commit-
ment and aggressively take over the responsi-
bility for your own health for it is a great
responsibility -yet, the rewards are great, too.
You will not have to wait in a waiting room for
hours while the doctor chats with a drug detail
man. Use the time for aerobics or spend it with
your family. The money you save in time, gas
parking fees (and parking tickets), unneces-
sary visits to your doctor and specialists, brand
name drugs, extra clothes (nobody ever goes
to the doctor in a raggedy housecoat), eating
out, not to mention the doctor fees, will help
you remodel your house, buy the Mercedes,
buy the nice clothes, join a ritzy health club,
and send the kids to college (your kids, not the
"orthodox" doctors' kids!!). You will know
when you are committed because you will
send back the visit reminder card with a note
that says "I am my own primary health care
provider now; please save your postage -
(also find another way to make your boat
payments).
Once you make this conscious decision,
you will have to enter "pre-med." To begin
with, you need to accumulate your basic medi-
cal library, basic home pharmacy, collect your
own medical toys, figure out what to do with
your spare time, etc. Read in the tub, read at
the table, listen to science or medical tapes in
your car instead of jazz. Find out where the
local health food store is, take "pre-med" night
courses in the community college. Start going
to estate sales, used bookstores, university
bookstores, etc. This is an ongoing process; as
you get more adept at your own health care,
you will begin to accumulate more sophisti-
cated medical toys. Go to health conventions
and student lectures at the medical schools,
join multi-level health oriented product lines
and activelyengage in the business so you can
get certain items wholesale and make certain
tax deductions ("orthodox" doctors do!); their
business owns their car and boat, their house
and their investments so if you sue them
personally, you won't get anything and they
get the tax deductions on these items we think
of as necessities.
Learn to set "office hours" for "follow-up
visits" and for checking bandages so you won't
be driven crazy. "Charge" your family for your
efforts, insist on dinner out once each week
(you can afford it now), get your hair done
(you will be amazed what this will do for your
sex life), have household help once each
week, get the kids to do chores (i.e., lawn,
dishes, walk the dog, etc.). Lastly, you should
dress the part ("pre-med" students do!!) They
wear white lab coats with a stethoscope around
their neck or in their right hand jacket pocket
as a campus status symbol. In addition to
looking the part of a "pre-med" student, the
coat has practical value in that it keeps your
clothes clean. "Scrub suits" (you know, the
light green or blue cotton pajamas that doctors
wear into surgery and the hospital lunch room
- no wonder there are so many hospital infec-
tions -they get their spaghetti sauce into your
surgical wound) and the lab coat can be worn
to PTA meetings, grocery store and mechanic
shop - see what additional respect and atten-
tion you get!!!
Chapter 2
Doctor Talk
"An unavoidable conclusion is that the
way in which our medical care system
has evolved has created conditions that
increase the likelihood of damage to the
patient.
- Rick Carlson
The End of Medicine
The language of medicine is a jealously
guarded secret of the Guild of "orthodox"
doctors. It is a way that they can communicate
with each other in our presence and only they
know what is being said. It's kind of a medical
"pig-Latin" to be used by the "in group," sort of
a carry-over from their campus fraternity days
This medical "pig-Latin" is used on hospital
records, medical records, insurance forms,
laboratory reports, letters of referral and in
prescription writing. It is our intention to give
you a crash course in the basic fundamentals
of "doctor talk" so that you can translate your
own medical records and prescriptions.
Most medical language is derived from
Latin or Greek and has been rendered down to
abbreviations (Table 2-1), prefixes (Table 2-
2), and suffixes (Table 2-3). The original
words have been abbreviated to save space
on records; it also makes it impossible for you
to get the original meaning ofthe word. In fact,
the hardest "hurdle" to jump or "hoop" to jump
through in any healing art pre-med program is
the learning of the "doctor talk."
Prefixes are simply modifiers of words;
for example, the word "tension" infers pres-
sure but without a medical prefix it is of little
value. The prefix "hyper-" placed before the
word tension gives "hypertension" which is
equated to high blood pressure. The same
word "tension" can be modified by the prefix
"hypo" which translates to low blood pres-
sure. All medical prefixes are used in the same
manner. Table 2-2 is a basic guide to the more
commonly used prefixes. If you have an
unusual medical condition with unique lan-
guage you will need to use the medical dictio-
nary (don't be bashful - your specialist does,
too!).
Medical suffixes work in much the same
manner as prefixes in that they modify the
word to which they are applied. A good
example is the suffix "-emia" meaning blood.
The prefix "a" or "an" by itself means "without;
add the suffix "-emia" and you have "anemia"
or "without blood." Another example would
be the word parasite. Add the suffix "-emia"
andyou have "parasitemia" or parasite infesta-
tion in the blood (i.e., malaria, filariasis, etc.).
Medical records normally contain sev-
eral sections including : MEDICAL HISTORY
back to greatgrandma's diabetes, your child-
hood diseases and your past prescriptions,
etc. REVIEW OF ORGAN SYSTEMS deals in
more detail with chronic problems with your
liver, heart, lungs, etc. HISTORY OF CUR-
RENT ILLNESS covers in detail why you are in
the doctor's office for the cunent visit. PHYSI-
CAL is the "orthodox" doctor's way of laying
on hands and directly, or indirectly, examin-
ing many organ systems.
The physical exam should include the
blood pressure, pulse, temperature, weight as
well as a detailed inspection ofall external and
all reachable internal organ systems. Very
frequently a doctor will want to have his nurse
collect blood, urine and fecal samples to send
to the laboratory for additional indirect evalu-
ation of an organ or organ system. The physi-
cal and lab can be very expensive, costing
from $350 to $500. In addition, the time ex-
penditure of taking your detailed history,
waiting at all the stations for the doctor or
nurse can cost you in time from four hours to
a full eight hour day.
It should be obvious to you by now that
(except for extraordinary cases) most of the
information accumulated by the doctor comes
from you and that you can keep your own
organized records in a loose-leaf notebook or
in a 5x8 card file. An example of simple home
use history record is given in Figure 2-1.
Prescriptions are another area of great
interest to us (if they are inconect they can kill
you!!!) yet, they are virtually impossible to
translate without knowledge of the basic lan-
guage or format. The typical prescription
(Table 2-4) is a coded message from the "or-
thodox" doctor tothe pharmacist (apoth-
ecary) giving instructions as to which medi-
cine should be dispensed to you including
brand, doses, number of doses, etc. Atypi-
cal prescription contains four basic parts:
1) Superscription - the patient's name,
address, age, date.
2) Inscription - the name of the pre-
scribed drug, dose form (i.e., capsule,
tablets, liquid, etc.) and the amount of
drug per dose.
3) Subscription - mixing instructions and/
or the number of doses to be dispensed.
4) Signature - which are the instructions
to the patient that the doctor wants placed
on the bottle or box. The doctor's name,
address, and telephone number are
placed in this section and may include
the DEA number if the prescription is a
narcotic. An example of a typical pre-
scription is found in Figure 2-2.
Medical measurements are often unique
and not used anywhere else or may be of
metric values infrequently used in the average
American life. These measurements are given
to you in easy conversion tables (Table 2-5).
Medical measurements are used by the doc-
tor, pharmacist, hospital , laboratories and drug
companies. A serious knowledge of these
measurements are absolutely essential if you
are going to be responsible for your own
health care as the "primary health care pro-
vider" (the insurance term given to your
family doctor or internist).
Terms for herbal function (Table 2-6)
and herbal preparations (Table 2-7) have car-
ried over into drug terminology; knowledge
of these terms is essential as they are required
tools for use of the PDR (Physicians Desk
Reference). Isn't it interesting that drug deal-
ers in "illicit drugs" use "beepers" and the same
terminol and metric system (i.e. , "Kilos") as the
"dealers" of "legal drugs?"
Lastly, if you are going to be up on
"doctor talk" you need to learn the rules and
terms for golf, boating, skiing and invest-
ments. Doctors don't cany their "beepers" to
their Wednesday jaunt to the golf course any-
more (it isn't good form!). An "orthodox"
doctor without a broker is like "a day without
sunshine!"
Figure 2-1 : "Playing Board" for "Family Practice"
NAME WT.. , HEIGHT noR
MEDICAL HISTORY.
MEDICATIONS.
BP. .PULSE .TEMP. HAIR .EYES.
SKIN & NAILS. EARS- REFLEXES.
MOUTH. .TONGUE. .LYMPH NODES.
GENITALS. .BREAST. CHEST.
LUNGS HEART. ABDOMEN.
BONES. ANUS /RECTUM. PROSTATE
VAGINA /CERVIX, , STOOL- URINE
SPECIAL NOTES.
Figure 2-2: Prescription Format
Jane A. Doe
Table 2-1: Medical Abbreviations and Symbols
AAA
Table 2-1: Medical Abbreviations and Symbols (Continued)
DJD
Table 2-1: Medical Abbreviations and Symbols (Continued)
Kg
Table 2-1: Medical Abbreviations and Symbols (Continued)
PC02
Table 2-1: Medical Abbreviations and Symbols (Continued)
USPHS
TABLE 2-2. Common Medical Prefixes
a- or an- without hypo- too little
cardi- heart myel- marrow
chol- bile nephr- kidney
col- colon neur- nerve
cyst- bladder oste- bone
enter- intestine poly- many
gastr- stomach proct- anus, rectum
hepat- liver pseudo- false
hydr- water pulm- lung
hyper- too much
16
TABLE 2-3. Common Medical Suffixes
-algia .pain -phagia eating
-clysis drenching -phobia . fear of
-cyte .cell -pnea breath
-ectomy excision
-emia in the blood
-genie or
-genesis
. formation
-privia or
-penia
. poverty of; without
-ptosis dropped; fallen
-sclerosis hardening
-gnosis knowledge -scopy. , inspection
-itis inflammation -stenosis . narrowing
-lytic or.
-lysis
-malacia softening
. destruction -stomy mouth; new opening
-opia .vision
-trophy nutrition; growth
-uria urine
-pathy disease of
17
TABLE 2-4. Terminology for Prescription Reading
aa ana of each
ac ante cibum before meals
ad lib ad libitum as needed
alt dieb alternis diebus every other day
alt hor alternis horis every other hour
alt noc alternis noctibus every other night
b.i.d bis in die twice each day
c cum with
contin continuetur let it be continued
dil dilutus dilute
div divide divide
fl fluidus fluid
h hora hour
hd hor decubitus at bedtime
hs hor somni at sleeping time
m et n mane et nocte morning and night
nb nota bene note well
od omni die daily
om omni mane every morning
on omni nocte every night
part vie partibus vicibus in divided doses
18
TABLE 2-4. Terminology for Prescription Reading (Continued)
pc post cibum after food
prn prorenata as required
pulv pulvis powder
qd quaque die every day
qh quaque hora every hour
q 2 h quaque sec hora every 2 hours
q 3 h quaque ter hora every 3 hours
q.i.d quater in die four times each day
qs quantum sufficit as much as is sufficient
Rx recipe take
S or sig signa give following directions
s sign without
sos si opus sit if necessary
ss semis one half
stat statim at once
t.i.d ter in die three times each day
19
TABLE 2-5. Medical Weights & Volumes
60 drops (gtt)
3 teaspoonfuls
2 tablespoonfuls
6 fluid ounces
8 fluid ounces
= 1 teaspoon (tsp)
= 1 tablespoon (tbsp)
= 1 fluid ounce
= 1 teacupful
= 1 cupful/1 glassful
1 drop
1 tsp
1 tbsp
2 tbsp
1 teacupful
1 glassful
1 minim
1 fluid dram
4 fluid drams
1 fluid ounce
6 fluid ounces
8 fluid ounces
= 0.06 ml
= 5.0 ml
= 15.0 ml
= 30.0 ml
=180.0 ml
=240.0 ml
1000 ml (1 liter)
500 ml
240 ml
30 ml
15 ml
4 ml
1 ml
0.06 ml
1000 gm (kilogram)
454 gm
30 gm
15 gm
6gm
lgm
1000 mg
60 mg
1 mg
= 1 quart (1.10119 liters)
1 pint (550.599 ml)
8 fluid ounces
1 fluid ounce (28.412 ml)
4 fluid drams
1 fluid dram
:
15 minims
:
1 minim (1 drop)
:
2.2 pounds
:
1 pound
:
1 ounce (31.1 gm)
:
4 drams
90 grains
:
15 grains
lgm
1 grain
1000 meg
20
TABLE 2-6. Terms of Herbal Function
TERM FUNCTION
Alternative produce healthful change
Anodyne pain relief
Anthelmintic expel worms or parasites
Antiemetic stops vomiting
Antiphlogistic reduces inflammation
Antiseptic stop or prevent sepsis (infection)
Antispasmodic reduces spasms
Aperient mild laxative
Aphrodisiac sexual stimulant
Aromatic arrests discharges
Astringent constricting or binding
Cardiac heart tonic
Carminative relieves gas in GI tract
Cathartic purgative
Cephalic used for head ailments
Cholagogue increases bile flow
Demulcent soothes mucus membranes
Depurative cleansing
Dermatic agent for dermatitis
Diaphoretic increases perspiration
Digestive aids digestion
Diuretic increase urination
Emetic induces vomiting
Emmenagogue induces menstruation
Emollient agent that softens
Expectorant induces productive coughing
Febrifuge abates fevers
Hemostatic stops bleeding
Hepatic remedy for liver diseases
Herpetic remedy for skin eruptions
Hydragogue remedy for moving water
Hypnotic induces sleep or relaxation
Irritant induces a local inflammation
Laxative induces bowel function
Lithontriptic dissolves urinary calculi
Mucilaginous soothing to inflamed parts
Mydriatic dilates pupil
Myotic (miotic) contracts pupil
Narcotic induces stupor or sleep
21
TABLE 2-6. Terms of Herbal Function (Continued)
TERM FUNCTION
Nauseant induces vomiting
Nervine sedative for the nerves
Nutritive nourishing properties
Ophthalmicum remedy for eye diseases
Oxytocic induces uterine contractions
Parturient promotes labor
Purgative induces evacuation of bowels
Refrigerant agent that cools
Resolvent dissolves tumors
Rubefacient increases circulation
Sedative quiets nerves
Sialagogue induces increased salivation
Sternutatory induces sneezing
Stimulant induces increased function
Stomachic increases stomach digestion
Styptic topical agent to stop bleeding
Sudorific induces perspiration
Taeniafuge agent that expels tapeworms
Tonic increases strength or tones
Vermifuge agent that expels parasites (roundworms)
Vulnerary agent that induces wound healing
22
TABLE 2-7. Terms of Herbal Preparation Technique
INFUSION:
DECOCTION:
Pour one pint of boiling water over one ounce of dried herb and let it stand
for 1/2 hour. Strain off clear supemate. Dose is normally one tablespoon to
a teacupful t.i.d.
Place one ounce of dried herb in 1 1/2 pints of cold water and boil for 20-30
minutes. Strain off clear supernate. Dose is one tablespoon to one ounce of
water t.i.d.
TINCTURE:
CAPSULE:
TABLET:
One to two ounces of dried herbs are steeped in one pint of grain alcohol
(brandy or vodka) for two days with vigorous shaking t.i.d. The decoction
is strained and one tablespoon of the clear liquid is used t.i.d.
The herb is powdered and then placed in a two-piece gelatin capsule. The
capsule may be added to hot water for tea, opened and made into paste for
poultices, tinctures, decoctions, infusions or swallowed.
The dried herb is pressed into a tablet shape with an excipient (binder or
canier). The tablet can be used in all the same ways that a capsule can.
23
Chapter 3
Medical Library
"The Chinese characterfor "crisis" is
made up of two different characters, one
signifying "danger" and the other "oppor-
tunity."
-Jacob Needleman
No medical practice includingyour home
"doctor's office" would be complete without a
basic medical library. This book is kept at a
reasonable cost by not repeating information
better gotten from other sources. A basic
home medical library should include a medi-
cal dictionary - our personal choice being the
Dorlands Medical Dictionary published by
W.B. Saunders Publishing Company (the larg-
est medical publishing company in the world).
This book is an excellent source of complete
definitions and for details of anatomy (i.e.,
skeleton, muscles, viscera, nerves, cardio-vas-
cular system, endocrine system and lymphatic
system).
A second must for the home medical
library is the classic Merck Manual which lists
all cunently important human diseases in the
United States and Europe. This book gives a
complete picture of the disease from cause,
incubation, symptoms, projected outcome,
"orthodox" treatment and common complica-
tions. The value of this book is multiple,
including helping list diseases that cause cer-
tain symptoms and "rule-in" or "rule-out"
diseases that you think you might have. An-
other value of the Merck Manual is that it is the
epitome of "orthodox" medicine in approach
to diagnosis and treatment. When your doctor
used to excuse himself during a physical or
consultation, he was probably going to his
office library to "consult" the Merck Manual to
feverishly search for a diagnosis or to find out
which diagnostic test to run on you!!!!
The PDR (Physicians Desk Reference) is
an excellent resource book. It lists all drugs
approved by the FDA inclu ding chemical com-
position, mode of action, indications,
contraindications and manufacturer. The PDR
is printed yearly as a new editions so the
previous years edition can be purchased from
any used bookstore. If you are "hooked" to an
"orthodox" MD, this book is a must —it will
save your life!! Most MDs do not refer to this
book as often as they should and as a result
nearly 40% of all hospitalizations are the result
of iatrogenic disease (doctor caused). I have
seen in my practice literally hundreds of pa-
tients that came to me with shopping bags full
of medication - most of the medications were
to counter the side effects of the original
medications!!!
24
I (Wallach) was once an expert witness
in a case where an ND was being tried for
wrongful death and injury to a patient in
Fayetteville, NC. The state contended that the
ND killed the patient with her therapies (al-
though the patient died in a VA hospital some
six months after his last visit to the ND). A
review ofthe terminal records showed that the
VA hospital had used no less then eleven pain
killers and sedatives without reducing the
dosage of any of them!!! No one on the VA
hospital staff had taken the time to read the
PDR - they killed this man with an overdose
of medications and were trying to slip the
blame on the ND. The jury found the ND not
guilty to the charges!!!
Specialty books on therapies and dis-
eases that you might have are useful. These
books are what separates a "specialist" from a
"general practitioner." Some of the most use-
ful references are "booklets" that have already
condensed a lot of the information for you
from ten thick texts into 25 pages of concen-
trated and useful information. Ifyou are going
to use particular "modalities" (treatment meth-
ods) such as herbology, homeopathy, acu-
puncture, reflexology or kinesiology, you will
want one or more of the complete
"pharmacopeias" or "how to" books for more
detail -again, this book would become a 1000-
page "tome" that would have an exorbitant
cost (i.e., $120 like most medical text books)
which would keep Let's Play Doctor out of the
hands of the masses.
Lastly, every "medical library" should
have one or more periodicals (i.e. , monthly or
quarterly). The periodicals should take the
form of one or more health-oriented maga-
zines or journals. Specialty periodicals of
every disease, exercise and therapy are avail-
able if you are interested in expanding your
library's value. We also suggest a subscription
of USA TODA Fas they review the oryhodox
medical literature for interesting health break-
throughs which will keep you up to date.
Videos and audio cassettes are available
on just about every medical subject from dis-
ease to therapy. These are available commer-
cially and may be listened to or viewed at your
closest medical school library - they are all
state and U.S. government supported and are,
therefore, required to give you free access.
Also use your audio tapes in your car tape
deck - just like the "orthodox" doctors do on
their way to the golf course!!!
25
Chapter 4
Medical Toys
"An American Medical Association publication for
doctors relates a tale ofan engineer who was called
in by a doctor whose electrocardiograph was not
recording the heart action ofa patient. The
technician camepromptly. He started to check at
the electrical outlet and worked back slowly to the
connection to the patient in the next room and
found the patient dead. No one had even noticed
that the patient's heart itself had stopped.
- Arthur S. Freese
Managing Your Doctor
Instruments and equipment used by
doctors are referred to as "toys" because "or-
thodox" doctors have a lot of fun with these
instruments and after awhile tire of them and
look for newer and better equipment to "play"
with. The old saying that "the only difference
between men and boys is the price of their
toys" holds true for "orthodox" doctors - "the
only difference between a general practitio-
ner and a specialist is the price of their toys!!!"
One of the "privileges" of a hospital
association for the "orthodox" doctor is a lower
overhead. In other words, he can use the
hospital surgery room, x-ray equipment and
nursing staff support without having to pay for
it himself (it would be like a mechanic using all
the diagnostic equipment and tools in a Sears
Automotive Shop and keeping all of his fees;
Sears would bill the customer separately for
use of the shop space, tools and consumable
materials). Compare this with a veterinarian
who must have the x-ray equipment, surgery
room, orthopedic equipment, obstetrical
equipment, dental equipment, pharmacy, etc. !!!
Why are "orthodox" doctors so much more
expensive than veterinarians ~ it must be the
pressure to make their Mercedes payment
and their greens fees!!!
In keeping with the concept of Let's Play
Doctor, there are some basic "toys" (instru-
ments) that are required to "play the game." It
is of great benefit to all of us that many of the
basic "toys" used by "orthodox" doctors in the
"practice" of medicine are sold at pharmacies
and variety stores at very reasonable prices.
Slightly more sophisticated equipment may
be purchased at college bookstores and medi-
cal and laboratory supply houses.
The thermometer is as basic a medical
"toy" as you can get. There are two basic types.
The oral thermometer is used to measure the
core body temperature - an elevated tempera-
ture or "fever" is usually indicative of an infec-
tion (bacterial , viral or fungus) or active invasive
or degenerative disease process (i.e. , rheuma-
toid arthritis, cancer, liver cirrhosis, etc.).
Marked variations in basal body tem-
perature can be associated with normal body
function (i.e., ovulation). Subnormal basal
body temperature can be a useful sign to
determine the status of your thyroid gland
(i.e., too low means a "hypo" thyroid condi-
26
tion - you see it doesn't take too long to learn
"doctor" talk). Normal temperature reading
for the oral thermometer are 98.6 F or 37 C.
The rectal thermometer is especially
useful for infants and patients with oro-facial
disease that makes the use of the oral ther-
mometer impossible. Normal temperature
readings for the rectal thermometer are 101.2
F or 38.5 C.
A good light source such as a penlight,
flashlight or illuminated head loop is useful for
looking at the throat, nose, eyes (i.e., pupil
reaction to light) and for lighting a "surgical
field" (i.e., removal of splinters, debris from
abrasions, etc).
The reflex hammer is used to check the
knee and elbow reflexes. This test gives you
an impression of the status of the spinal cord
and nerves. Back injuries or any pressure on
the spinal cord will affect the reflexes. Right
and left side reflexes should be equal in inten-
sity. Absence of the reflex on either side is a
signal to seek professional help (i.e., chiro-
practor, naturopathic physician, etc.).
A watch with a second hand or a good
digital watch with running seconds is useful
for monitoring the pulse, respiratory rate and
test times for a variety of home "lab" tests.
There are watches with a sensor that count
your pulse for you if you find it difficult to
locate your pulse. Athletes will have a pulse
rate in the 50+ range while the average pulse
ranges from 65 to 80. Elevated pulses occur
with fever, cardiovascular disease, pulmonary
disease, anemia, pain and food allergies.
The respiratory rate averages ten to
twelve per minute. Elevated rates indicate
cardiovascular disease, lung disease, anemia,
fever or pain.
The sphygmomanometer or "blood
pressure cuff is a very useful "toy" and can
be mastered by a child very quickly. To
make this "toy" work, you will need a stetho-
scope. Blood pressure readings consist of two
parts. A typical BP reading is 125/80 mm Hg.
The first number (125) is the pressure in the
arteries during the contraction of the heart
(systolic pressure) and the second number
(80) is the pressure in the arteries during the
relaxation of the heart (diastolic pressure).
Elevations in the BP above 140 on the systolic
phase and/or 90 on the diastolic phase indi-
cate "hyper"tension (you see - there goes
"doctor" talk again) or high BP.
An ophthalmoscope/otoscope combi-
nation is in order for those with serious inter-
ests in "playing doctor." This instrument can
be used as a light source and will allow direct
views of the inner ear, eardrum, ear canal (i.e.
arteriosclerosis, diabetes, copper deficiencies,
hemorrhage from injury, cataracts, etc.).
"Surgical" instruments or "toys" such as
thumb forceps (tweezers), scissors, hemo-
stats, needle holders, suture needles and even
fingernail clippers and tape are invaluable.
The removal of splinters, sutures (stitches),
debris from abrasions, removal of "hangnails"
and flaps of dead and torn skin can be done at
home by the most inexperienced of "sur-
geons." Closure of lacerations (cuts) can be
done with butterfly bandages or wound strips.
The more aggressive "surgeon" can pro-
cure and use silk suture with "swagged-on"
needles (needles that are precrimpted onto
suture material — this configuration reduces
the size of the hole in the skin created by
pulling the needle and thread through the
skin). You will need topical local anesthetic
(i.e., acupuncture or xylocaine) and needle
holders (a special surgical clamp used to grip
the small suture needle while making
"stitches").
The sterilization of all "surgical" instru-
ments or "toys" is paramount. Boiling in
distilled water for 30 minutes is a very eco-
nomical and acceptable technique. The ster-
ilized "toys" can be placed in zip lock "boiling"
baggies for sterilization and storage to prevent
27
contamination.
Sterile rubber gloves are multi-useful
and disposable supplies that can be purchased
at your local pharmacy. They can be worn
while examining the prostate or rectum for
hemorrhoids, while examining the vagina and
cervix or can be used by the "surgeon" while
placing "stitches," performing "surgery" or pro-
tect the "doctor" while treating infectious skin
diseases (i.e., boils, impetigo and abscesses).
Syringes are useful for B-12 and other
vitamin shots as well as for autoimmune urine
therapy, irrigating abscesses and contaminated
wounds.
A balance-type scale to monitor weight
is useful for growth rates in children, self-
control weight loss programs, sudden weight
gain (i.e., dropsy, diabetes, toxemia of preg-
nancy, etc.).
Those individuals who are involved in a
lot of rigorous athletic activities will want a
tuning fork to test for fractures. A "C" tuning
fork is recommended. If an injury to a limb or
digit occurs and is suspected to be a fracture,
get the tuning fork vibrating by rapping it
against the palm of your hand and place the
stem over the sensitive area. If a fracture is
present (even a hairline fracture), the tuning
fork will create a burning pain. If there is no
fracture, no difference will be noted.
Larger "toys" may be purchased new
from college bookstores and used from col-
lege bulletin boards or garage sales. Micro-
scopes are useful for doing your own CBC and
"differential," examining "stool" samples
(bowel movement) for parasite eggs, deter-
mining types of bacteria or fungus (ringworm
or Candida) infections, etc.
Ultra violet and infrared lamps are very
useful for treatment of a variety ofdiseases and
have the added benefit of cosmetic use (sun-
tan) as well as therapeutic uses (i.e., acne,
eczema, arthritis, chronic infections, etc.).
Ultra violet light can be used to diagnose
certain types of ringworm which will glow
green when exposed to the ultra violet light.
Whirlpool attachments for the tub and
heating pads are very useful for both athletic
types (the inevitable "sore, aching" muscles)
and the arthritic patients (the "sore, aching"
joints). We have also found that the "hydro-
therapy" produced by the whirlpool orJaccuzi
is extremely useful for hemorrhoids (both
simple and thrombosed - why get unneces-
sary and risky surgery?!!)
The home personal computer can be
brought into your "practice" for inventories,
sources of medications, personal medical his-
tories and medical records. You can also use
the PC to keep track of the "payment" (chores)
owed to you by your "patients" (family) for
"services rendered."
Indoor exercise equipment (i.e., station-
ary bicycles, trampolines, treadmills, fixed or
free weights, etc.) are useful physical therapy
tools; they're "preventive medicine" when
used to help prevent cardiovascular disease.
You can afford an exceptional home "physical
therapy unit" if you spend your money on
equipment rather than club memberships (
you will also use them more often because of
the convenience - you can even watch TV
while you exercise!!). If you get any licensed
physician to prescribe the equipment for any
existing condition, insurance will pay for it; if
not, the costs can be added to your tax deduct-
ible medical fees.
So you will benefit in many ways by
having your own "physical therapy" depart-
ment.
Now you know what "orthodox" doc-
tors have always known about "medical toys"
- why pay leasing fees for a pleasure boat out
of your own pocket when "the practice" can
buy the "toy" as an investment. You see, it
doesn't matter that "the practice" owns the
boat, the "orthodox" doctor still gets to use the
boat!!
28
TABLE 4-1 . Normal Blood Pressure Chart
NORMAL BLOOD PRESSURE
Chapter 5
Medical Laboratory
"In these days when a student must be
converted into a physiologist, a physicist, a
chemist, a biologist, a pharmacologist and
an electrician, there is no time to make a
physician out of him.
- Andrew MacPhail
The "medical laboratory" is another "privi-
lege" to which the "orthodox" doctor gets
access. These laboratories do blood tests,
urine tests, fecal examinations, six-hour glu-
cose tolerance tests, pregnancy tests and check
for parasites in addition to more complex
functions (i.e., bacterial, viral and fungal cul-
tures; bacterial antibiotic sensitivities; biopsy
and PAP smear diagnosis, etc.). It has been a
great boon to us all that American ingenuity
has produced economical home test kits for
almost all of the tests necessary for the "pri-
mary health care provider" (you!!!).
Allergy testing can easily be accom-
plished at home by two simple methods. The
first is the "pulse test" which can detect aller-
gies to foods, chemicals, cigarette smoke and
pollens. The first requirement of the test is to
determine what your base pulse rate is per
minute. Upon awakening, double check your
pulse rate, then eat or drink the suspected
food, smell the suspected chemical or smoke,
sniff the suspected pollen or dust then recheck
your pulse rate in 15, 30 and 60 minutes. If
your pulse rate goes up ten points, then you
are allergic to that food or substance. You
should continue to perform this test on all
foods in your normal eating routine. The "pulse
test" is based on the fact that when you contact
an allergic substance, your heart rate (thus
your pulse rate) goes up. An extreme example
of this phenomena is the allergy to MSG
(monosodium glutamate) or the "Chinese res-
taurant syndrome."
The "Chinese restaurant syndrome" is a
classical food allergy to MSG. For people who
are sensitive to MSG, any contact with MSG
causes heart "palpitations" (skipped or irregu-
lar beats) and/or "tachycardia" (increased heart
and pulse rate).
The second method for home allergy
testing is the "diet diary." This technique is
particularly useful in finding foods that cause
allergic headaches, migraine headaches and
emotional symptoms. The "diet diary" is per-
formed by keeping a complete record of what
you eat in each meal including the time at
which you eat the meal. You then record any
symptoms (i.e., headaches, depression, etc.)
that occur in the next 12-hour period includ-
ing the time of onset ofsymptoms.
The thyroid test is performed by taking
30
your basal body temperature first thing in the
morning by placing a thermometer in your
axilla (armpit) before stirring out of bed (be
sure to shake down the thermometer the night
before and place it on the night stand to
prevent unnecessary movement); ifyour basal
body temperature is less than 97.8 or less, if
you have chronically cold hands and feet, and
if you are slow in the morning, you most likely
have poor thyroid function.
"Hyper" thyroid activity from too much
thyroid supplement is easily checked by hold-
ing your arm out horizontal to the floor and
observing your fingers — if they are noticeably
trembling then you need to cut back on your
thyroid medication (another indication is your
base pulse may go up five to ten points).
Urine testing is as simple as checking
your car's crankcase oil --just check the "dip
stick"!! Several brands of urine "dip sticks" can
tell you ifyou have a urinary infection (bladder
or kidney), blood in your urine (infection,
stones, tumors, etc.), indications of blood de-
structive diseases, liver disease, kidney dis-
ease, diabetes (sugar) all for about $1.50 per
test!! It is amazing but "orthodox" doctors
normally charge you $25.00 for this test (you
see, the Pentagon doesn't have the corner on
the market for overpaying $25.00 for the 25
cent washer!!)
Glucosticks are available for testing blood
sugar (diabetics know all about this one). The
test strips alone give you a gross estimate of
blood sugar when compared with the color
chart on the bottle. Glucosticks can be used to
detect diabetes and hypoglycemia when used
to perform a six-hour glucose tolerance test
(six-hour GTT). The simple fasting blood
sugar alone cannot detect most cases of diabe-
tes or hypoglycemia yet the"orthodox" doctor
will continue to avoid the six-hour GTT be-
cause they don't know how to use it - they
also do not believe in "hypoglycemia" so it is
understandable why they don't test for it.
To perform the six-hour GTT, you do a
finger prick with a sterile lancet and the drop
of blood is incubated on the glucostick (on the
special sensitive pad) for 30 seconds and
compared with the color chart on the bottle.
Again, this is a gross estimate; if you wish to do
a very accurate six-hour GTT, you should
purchase a "glucometer." After the "fasting"
blood sugar is determined (normal is 65 to 80
mg %) then you must drink a "Glucola" ( a cola
flavor solution containing 100 gm of glucose
in a five to ten minute period. Thirty minutes
after the fasting blood sugar was taken from
the results (Table 5-1) to determine if you have
a normal curve, a diabetic curve or a
hypoglycemic curve. It is amazing, but true,
that one of these tests will pay for the
glucometer!!
Hemoglobinometers are available to test
your own hemoglobin if you have a chronic
anemia. The hemoglobin level will tell you if
you have enough iron in your blood.
Hemoglobinometers are extremely simple to
operate. A finger prick is performed and a
drop of blood is placed in the instrument, an
acid stick is used to burst the RBCs so the
hemoglobin level can be determined by a
color comparison (this procedure is similar to
that used to determine the chlorine level in a
pool). If you have five daughters, if you are
pregnant, or if you are a serious vegetarian,
this instrument will be a wise time and money
saving addition to your "medical laboratory."
Home Pregnancy tests can be purchased
on an as-needed basis from the local grocery
store or pharmacy. The appearance of this one
test has put a serious crimp in the life style
ofthe modern "orthodox" OB/GYN.
Related to the "medical laboratory" is the
ability to translate lab data from other facilities
(i.e., hospitals, doctors' offices, doctors' labs,
etc.) into practical and usable information for
your own survival. A special series of labora-
tory "short-hand" is used to convey the "secret
31
message" to the "orthodox" doctor to prevent
us from helping ourselves. What follows is a
basic list of the most commonly used labora-
tory "shorthand" and the translations. This list
will allow you to understand what your "or-
thodox" doctor "sees" when he rubs his chin,
takes off his glasses and says "hmmm,"
"hmmm," "I am afraid I have some bad news
for you."
One caution we need to give you is that
most blood values are kept in a very narrow
physiological range by one or more "homeo-
static" mechanisms (i.e., this is why literally
thousands of people get a "clean bill of health"
following a $500 physical every year and then
drop dead the following week!!) so you can be
veiy ill and present a very "normal" blood test.
A good example (unfortunately the "ortho-
dox" doctor hasn't grasped this one yet!!) is
calcium; you can be having "spontaneous"
fractures from a raging osteoporosis and your
blood calcium will always be in the nonnal
range. This fact is so definite that I often tell an
audience of 1000 or more people that I would
bet everything I own that they all have a
"normal" blood calcium (if it were below nor-
mal, they would be having convulsions!!) yet,
most of them are calcium deficient.
LABORATORY "SHORTHAND"
CBC (complete blood count) is a general term
for the complete evaluation of the cellular
portion of your blood including red blood
cells, white blood cells and platelets. Instead
ofordering each testseparately, the doctor will
simply ask for a CBC.
RBC (red blood cells) are specialized cells that
transport oxygen as their main function in the
blood, however, they also carry a variety of
nutrients and waste products as they are car-
ried through the body by the liquid portion of
our blood. Anemia (the literal translation
means "without blood") refers to reduced
numbers of red blood cells (i.e., hemorrhage,
parasites, bone marrow disease, B-12 defi-
ciency, folic acid deficiency, or copper defi-
ciency) or very small cells as in the case of iron
deficiency. The average healthy RBC lives for
120 days so an anemia of any kind other than
hemorrhage indicates a long standing prob-
lem. Normal numbers of RBCs range from 4.5
to 5.5 x 10 mm3 in males and 39 to 5.0 x 10
mm3 in females.
HGB (hemoglobin) is the specialized protein
in the RBC that actually binds with oxygen and
carbon dioxide. Increased values are seen in
B-12 deficiency (because there are fewer cells)
and decreased values are characteristic of iron
deficiency. Cyanide and carbon monoxide
tightly bind with HGB and prevent it from
binding with oxygen causing a fatal " poison-
ing" from oxygen deprivation. Nonnal levels
range from 14-18 gm/100 ml in males and
from 12-16 gm/100 ml in females.
HCT (hematocrit) is the percentage of RBCs in
relation to the fluid (serum) portion of your
blood. Decreased values indicate anemia
from hemorrhage, parasites, nutritional defi-
ciencies or chronic disease process (i.e., liver
disease, cancer, etc.). Normal values range
from 42-52% in males and 37-47% females.
MCV (mean corpuscular volume) is a mea-
surement of the average size ofthe RBC. El-
evated volumes can be due to B-12 folic acid
deficiency and reduced volumes are charac-
teristic of an iron deficiency. The nonnal
values range from 80-90 u3 in males and 79-97
u3 in females.
MCH (mean corpuscular hemoglobin) is a
measurement of the weight of HGB in each
RBC. The average range is 27-32 uug.
32
MCHC (mean corpuscular hemoglobin con-
centration) is the average percent of hemoglo-
bin in each RBC relative to the total weight of
the cell. The average range is 32-36%.
WBC (white blood cell) or leukocytes are the
cellular portion of your immune system. In
addition to floating passively in the blood
stream from place to place, the WBCs have the
ability to squeeze between the cells in the
blood vessel wall and attack invaders such as
bacteria, viruses, parasites, cancers and for-
eign bodies (i.e., splinters, etc.). Viewing the
WBCs reaction to food extracts under the
microscope is the basis for the "cytotoxic" food
allergy test.
The total WBC count is composed of five basic
types of cells - determining the percentage of
each type of WBC is refened to as a "deferen-
tial" and is of great value in diagnosis of
infections, parasites, allergies, leukemias, ap-
pendicitis, etc. The normal range for WBC
totals is4.3tol0.8x 10mm 3 . Deferential WBC
is useful in determining many types of invasive
processes in the body.
Neutrophil (segmenters or polys) are WBCs
which are very active and respond quickly to
invading bacteria, viruses, parasites, foreign
bodies and cancer. The normal range is 40-
60%. When a call for large numbers of "polys"
occurs, a body throwsimmature "stab" or
"band" neutrophils at the invader until pro-
duction can be cranked up.
Monocytes (monos) are the largest of the
WBCs and are increased in numbers in more
chronic infections (i.e., mononucleosis, tu-
berculosis, etc.). When these WBCs escape
into the tissue to attack foreign invaders, they
are called macrophages. The normal range is
1 to 6%.
Eosinophils (Eos) are the most rapidly re-
sponding WBCs when you are having an
acute (sudden) allergy reaction or parasitic
infestation. The normal range is 0-2% (6-20%
is a sure sign of allergies and/or parasites).
Basophils (Baso) respond to chronic intesti-
nal allergies, eczema, asthma and sometimes
with parasitic infestations. The normal range
is 0-2%.
Platelets are actually fragments of larger cells
(megakeriocytes) that originate in the bone
marrow. Their function is to plug tears or cuts
in bloodvessel walls and thus prevent hemor-
rhage. The normal range is between 250,000
and 500,000.
SMAC-24 is a brief view through a "window"
of time at 24 different serum (liquid portion of
blood) components. Again, this test has lim-
ited value because the body vigorously at-
tempts to maintain the blood levels of vita-
mins, minerals and enzymes even in the face
of severe deficiency or illness. The classic
approach is for the "orthodox" doctor to take
a fasting blood sample. Few doctors can
afford the expense of SMAC-24 equipment for
personal use so they use the hospital "privi-
lege" and "check you into the hospital for a few
days to run some tests" or use the services of a
private lab. All you really need to do is call
your doctor and get him to order the lab test
over the phone - this will allow you to avoid
the office visit fee and the waiting room mara-
thon. If "your" M.D. refuses to "grant" your
request, check with your N.D. and/or D.C.
Don't forget you are guaranteed your right of
choice by the Constitution of the United
States. Look in your yellow pages for the
nearest N.D. and/or D.C; if you are in one of
the few states that don't have these alternative
health care practitioners, get on your state
congressman and state senator for a "Boston
33
(herbal) tea party."
Glucose (fasting) is the form that blood sugar
is found in your body. Elevated levels are
found in diabetes ("hyper"glycemia) and low
glucose value ("hypo"glycemia) is found in
the 4th hour of a six-hour GTT. Blood sugar
can be affected by pancreatic tumors (benign
and malignant), liver disease, adrenal gland
exhaustion, brain lesions and nutritional defi-
ciencies of the trace minerals vanadium chro-
mium. The normal range for fasting blood
glucose is 65-80 mg/100 ml of blood (mg %).
Elevations of the "fasting" blood sugar up to
110 mg % are considered normal by the "or-
thodox" medical "community," however, in
reality it is a signal to get a six-hour GTT.
Fasting blood sugar of 35-50 mg % is almost
always a sure sign of an insulin producing
pancreatic tumor or hyperinsulinemia.
Uric Acid is a barometer of protein metabo-
lism in the liver. It is also the blood substance
that accumulates to high levels in attacks of
gout. The normal range is 4-8 mg % in males
and 4.5-5.5 mg % in females.
Cholesterol is considered by everyone to be
a barometer for risk of cardiovascular disease
including arteriosclerosis and vascular
thrombosis (travascular blood clots) orstroke.
Elevated levels are indicative of liver disease,
cardiovascular disease, diabetes, stress and
low thyroid function. Low levels are charac-
teristic of severe intestinal malabsorption and
"hyper" thyroid conditions. The normal range
for cholesterol is 180-200 mg % (too low can
also result in life threatening problems) .
High Density Lipoproteins (HDL) are fat/
protein complexes. HDL's are an integral part
of the cholesterol complex and are consid-
ered desirable since they transport cholesterol
to the liver for metabolism or excretion in the
bile. HDLs are increased by consumption of
eicosapentanoic acids (EPA - fish oils or flax
seed oils). Refined sugars in your diet will
lower this valuable substance to dangerous
levels. The desired levels of HDL range from
30-85 mg %.
Low Density Lipoprotein (LDL) are fat/
protein complexes with a high percentage of
fat. The LDLs are the least desirable of the
cholesterol complexes. High levels are a
warning sign for increased risk of cardiovas-
cular disease and stroke. The normal range for
LDLs is 60-120 mg%.
Calcium is an essential "macro"mineral, mean-
ing we need large amounts in our daily diet to
meet our metabolic needs. Calcium is re-
quired to maintain bone density, proper neu-
romuscular function and blood clotting reac-
tions. Elevated levels are rare because of the
"homeostatic"mechanisms of the thyroid and
parathyroid glands -when elevated calcium
does occur, it signals major bone changes
such as nutritional secondary hyperpara-
thyroidism (translates to overactive parathy-
roid glands from chronic calcium deficiency
and/or phosphorus excess) or metastasis of
cancer into bone. Muscle cramps and twitches
(eye twitches) are signals of calcium defi-
ciency (although the blood calcium will be in
the "normal" range). Serious life threatening
convulsions from low cell levels of calcium
will occur before low blood levels show up.
The normal range is 9-10.8 mg %.
Phosphorus is another "macro"mineral as-
sociated with calcium, vitamin D and parathy-
roid function. Blood levels are again kept
within very narrow physiologic limits by the
parathyroid hormone. Too much phospho-
rus in the diet (i.e., soft drinks, meat, grains)
will result in considerable calcium loss from
yourbones. The normal range is 3- 1-4.5 mg%.
34
Total protein is a measure ofthe protein level
in your serum. Low levels indicate insufficient
dietary protein and/or poor digestion/absorp-
tion or liver disease. Large amounts of protein
is synthesized by your liver from amino acids;
this protein is released into the blood for use
by any needy organ. The normal range is 6.0-
6.8 mg %.
Albumin is a specialized protein produced
by the liver. It helps maintain the proper fluid
pressure in your blood vessels; this is why
protein starved people get "edema" (i.e., fluid
under the skin) or "dropsy" (i.e., fluid in the
abdominal cavity). The normal range is from
3.2-5.0 mg %).
Globulin is a specialized protein produced
by the liver and is primarily involved in anti-
body formation and antibody specificity. High
levels are seen in the early stages (i.e., "acute
phase") of a variety of degenerative diseases
including allergies, liver disease, heart dis-
ease, arthritis, diabetes and malignancy.
A/G ratio is an abbreviation for albumin/
globulin ratio. The A/G ratio is a barometer for
the bodies defense system. Deviations up or
down in thisratio are indications of liver dis-
ease and/or a nonspecific "flag" for chronic
degenerative diseases that are exhausting the
immune system. The normal range is 1.1-
2.5%.
Total bilirubin is a barometer of normal
metabolism of breakdown products of RBCs
in the liver and spleen. Bilirubin is elevated in
liver disease. Elevated bilirubin will produce
jaundice of the eyes, skin and serum.
Direct bilirubin is a more specific test for
liver bile duct obstruction. Elevated levels are
seen with gallstones and liver tumors. The
normal range is 0-0.5 U/L.
Indirect bilirubin is a barometer of RBC
destruction as well as liver function. Elevated
levels are seen in anemias resulting from RBC
destruction and liver/gallbladder diseases. The
normal range is 0.1-1.2 U/L.
BUN (blood urea nitrogen) is a barometer of
liver and kidneys ability to process the "by-
products" of protein metabolism. Moderate
eleva-tions are seen in adrenal and liver dis-
ease. High elevations of BUN are a "red flag"
for kidney, thyroid and anterior pituitary dis-
ease. Very low levels of BUN is typical for
posterior pituitary disease. The normal range
is 10-25 mg %.
Creatinine levels are a barometer of muscle
metabolism and the kidneys filtering capacity.
Elevated levels are "red flags" for muscle dis-
ease, kidney disease, arthritis, hyperthyroidism
and diabetes. The normal range is 0.7-1.3 U/
L.
BUN/Creatinine ratio is a barometer of kid-
ney function. Elevated ratios are typical of
high protein/low water diets, kidney disease
and benignhypertrophy of the prostate. A
decreased ratio is typical of an antidiuretic
honnone insufficiency. The normal ratio is 10-
35%.
Na (sodium) is an essential "macro"mineral
required in our diet. Sodium is required to
maintain the proper acid-base balance in our
blood and tissues, the fluid pressure in our
blood and tissues, the fluid pressure in our
blood vessels, cells and neuromuscular func-
tion. Elevated sodium levels are characteristic
of dehydration, kidney disease and adrenal
gland dysfunction. Low blood levels of so-
dium are typical of excessive water consump-
tion, diabetes and pituitary disorders. The
35
normal range is 135-147 mEq/L.
K (potassium) is another one of the impor-
tant "macro" minerals and is involved in main-
taining proper heart rhythm, acid base bal-
ance, osmotic balance (fluid pressure) and
kidney function. Elevated levels of potassium
are typical of heart block, adrenal gland defi-
ciency, and hypoventilation. Decreased po-
tassium levels are typical ofdiarrhea, hyperac-
tive adrenals, weakness, fatigue, poor pos-
ture, palpitations and ircegular heartbeat and
chronic kidney disease. The normal range is
3.5-4.4 mEq/L.
CI (chloride) is involved in digestion (stom-
ach HCl), oxygen-canying ability ofthe blood,
adrenal function and kidney function. El-
evated levels are seen in kidney and adrenal
disorders and bowel dysfunctions. Decreased
levels are typical ofdiarrhea, infections, diabe-
tes, reduced adrenal function. The normal
range is 95-110 mEq/L.
C02 (carbon dioxide) is a toxic cellular
waste; it is part of the acid/base balance sys-
tem, initiator of involuntary lung function,
kidney functionandadrenal function. Elevated
levels are typical of oxygen/C02 exchange
problems (i.e., lung disease, respiratory
alkalosis). Decreased levels are typical of aci-
dosis, ketosis, etc. The normal range is 24-30
mEq/L.
LDH (lactic dehydrogenase) is an enzyme
associated with carbohydrate metabolism and
is widely distributed in the kidney, liver, heart,
skeletal muscles and RBCs. Elevated levels are
typical of injury to any of the above tissues,
however, it is especially useful in monitoring
heart attack, liver disease, hemolytic anemia
and invasive cancers. The normal range is 60-
160 u/ml.
SGOT (AST, aspartate transferase) is a
transaminase enzyme associated with liver
function, kidney function, heart, skeletal
muscle and brain. Elevated levels are charac-
teristic of liver and heart disease. The normal
range is 0-22 u/ml.
SGPT (ALT, alanine transferase) is a
transaminase enzyme associated with liver
function. Elevated levels are typical of liver
disease. Normal levels range from 0-22 u/ml.
Alk. Phos. (alkaline phosphatase) mea-
sures the metabolic function of bone, liver and
certain tumors. Elevated levels are seen in
hyperparathyroidism, bone disease, liver dis-
ease, hyperthyroidism and leukemia. Elevated
levels are also seen in healing fractures and
young growing bones. Normal values range
from 13-40 IU/L.
GGT(gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase) is
a barometer ofconnective tissue growth in the
liver (cirrhosis), and a highly sensitive barom-
eter of alcohol and drug abuse.
CEA (carcinoembryonic antigen) is a ba-
rometer of many malignancies(sometimes in-
dividual cancers do not affect this test). The
normal levels for 97% of nonsmokers is 0-2.5
ng/ml.
PSA and ACID PHOSPHOTASE are used as
a screen for prostate health - elevated levels
sugest benign benign prostate enlargement or
cancer (a biopsy may be necessary to
diferentiate).
OVA(eggs) ofparasites (i.e., roundworms,
hookworms, and tapeworms) and micro-
scopic organisms (i.e., Candida albicans, bac-
teria, protozoa, etc.) can be found and identi-
fied in samples of feces, mucus and urine with
the aid of a microscope (Fig. 5-1 &Fig. 5-2).
36
You will need glass slides and cover slips to
properly view the samples under the micro-
scope.
Pinworms require a special diagnostic
technique to identify them because of the
females' habit of crawling out of the anus at
night to lay eggs around the edge of the anus.
A five-inch piece of clear Scotch tape is placed
on the anus, sticky side toward the anus, to
pick up the eggs. The tape is then placed on a
slide, sticky side on the slide, and looked at
through the microscope to find the eggs (Fig.
5-1).
Hair analysis is a very useful test for
heavy metal toxicity (i.e., lead, mercury, ar-
senic, cadmium). The heavy metal levels in
hair are recognized by everyone (i.e., courts,
"orthodox" doctors, insurance companies, all
alternative health care practitioners) as being
a significant barometer of tissue levels. The
nice thing about the hair analysis is that you
can collect the specimen by yourself and
submit it to any of the dozen of so hair analysis
labs and they will give you a computerized
printout that incudes an evaluation of your
"macro" (i.e., calcium, phosphorus, magne-
sium, zinc, etc.) and trace (i.e., chromium,
selenium, etc.) mineral levels.
For putting out the effort to learn the
"medical laboratory" system and laboratory
"shorthand" (and putting the information to
proper use) you will at least add ten years to
your life and at best save you from an untimely
death at the hands of an "orthodox" doctor
who spends more time in his investment port-
folio than he does in your lab report!!!
37
FIGURE 5-1. Parasitic Ova In Fecal Samples Magnified 440X
hookworm
roundworm
pinworm
whipworm
tapeworm
38
FIGURE 5-2. Candida, Amoeba and Bacteria Magnified 440X
Z>
foDOQ
o
amoeba bacteria
Candida
39
TABLE 5-1 . Six-Hour Glucose Tolerance Test
GLUCOSE
mg % 25Q
1/2
HOURS
40
Chapter 6
is
"Physicians think they are doing
somethingforyou by labeling what you
have as a disease.
- Immanuel Kant
The "diagnosis" is a naming of the medi-
cal problem you have. All of the "history,"
"laboratory data," and "physical exam" infor-
mation is used in one form or another by all of
the "healing arts" as a detective uses "clues" to
solve the "case." The finest example of this
process is the "Sherlockian deduction" of
Sherlock Holmes. Sir Arthur Conin Doyle, the
creator of the "Sherlock Holmes" character,
was an optometrist who had very few patients
because he was shy. In his abundant spare
time, he created "Holmes," basing his charac-
ter on that of his pathology professor who had
uncanny observational powers. His pathol-
ogy professor could, by listening to their voice
or footsteps deduce the patient's home coun-
try, profession or trade, diet, and medical
complaint (if we only had doctors like that
today!!!).
The process of "diagnosis" can be ap-
proached in two ways. The "orthodox" rut is
to "rule-in" and "rule-out" based on laboratory
data (no "orthodox" doctor observes any-
more!!!); they go through the motions of a
physical, send your blood and urine to a lab
then, based on the results of these tests, they
"rule-in"(consider) several possibilities which
require more tests to determine which possi-
bilities to "rule-out" and to which "specialist" to
refer you!! This process would be alright if "lab
tests" were all revealing, however, as pointed
out almost all blood and urine tests are kept in
a very nanow physiological range by several
body mechanisms until a life threatening crisis
moves them out into a diagnostic high or low
level. The batting average of this system is
awful as illustrated by the statistic that only
50% of "orthodox" medical diagnosis are cor-
rect when checked at autopsy or by another
physician!!!!
The second and most realistic method of
diagnosis is to be a highly efficient and exact-
ing observer of the patient (who knows you
better than yourself?). You must be as obser-
vant as Sherlock Holmes (remember Dr.
Watson, M.D. always missed the "clues" (symp-
toms and signs) that were always obvious to
Holmes and almost certainly missed the "solu-
tion" (diagnosis) of the case!!)
What is the reason for this tenible break-
down in the competence of the "orthodox"
doctor? The nurse in the doctor's office col-
41
lects history,fills out forms, weighs the pa-
tients, takes BP, takes the temperature, preps
you for exams, takes blood samples, gives you
shots and makes your next appointment. All
of these critical patient contacts are invaluable
moments in which the doctor should be ob-
serving, questioning and listening to the
patient's voluntary and/or subliminal com-
ments (i.e., body language, extra comments,
etc.). Unfortunately, the "orthodox" doctor
has become overdependent on "labs" to
"make" a "diagnosis." There are literally thou-
sands of people who "suddenly" drop dead
within 30 days after getting a "clean bill of
health" from the $500 "orthodox" doctor "rou-
tine (annual) physical." Even the AMA says
that the routine physicals are "cost ineffective"
(this means that they rarely reveal anything of
value).
I once had the opportunity to hear a
lecture by the late Dr. Johnathon Leaky, the
anthropologist of Oldouvi Gorge fame, dur-
ing which he said "truths are derived from facts
and the more facts you have, the more reliable
the truth." The same "truth" can be applied to
"diagnosis" in medicine; therefore, it should
not be surprising that the "orthodox" "batting
average" for diagnosis and treatment is only
50%!!!
After the "orthodox" doctor's "rule-in"/
"rule-out" process has been exhausted with-
out aniving at an acceptable "diagnosis," he
"refers" the patient to a "specialist" (the "ortho-
dox" doctor's golf buddy).
If you have a heart problem, you are
"referred" to a cardiologist; ifyou have a chronic
earache, you are "refened" to an "EENT; " ifyou
have a mysterious "lump," you are "refened"
to an "oncologist" who often "refers" you to a
"surgeon" or a "radiologist."
The "specialist" now puts you through
his "rule-in"/"rule-out" process (this usually
includes a lot of "confirming duplication" of
tests because he knows from experience not
to trust the original lab results as it only has a
50% chance of being conect!!!).
"Orthodox" diagnosis tends to be named
after people (i.e. , Swachman's Syndrome) since
they are symptomatic diagnosis (i.e., depres-
sion). The most blatant offenders are the
"psychiatrists." The "diseases" they "treat" are
really symptoms that they try to manage (i.e.,
mania, depression, hysteria, paranoia, hyper-
activity, etc.) rather than understanding the
basic nature of the disease (i.e., PMS,
hypoglycemia, food allergies or sensitivities,
nutrient deficiencies, etc.).
I once had a patient from Canada who
had been institutionalized for seven years for
"neurosis." This woman was 32 years old, had
a lovely family (including three small chil-
dren) who she only saw on furloughs from the
state hospital. After her original "orthodox"
doctor had exhausted his "rule-in"/"rule-out"
process, he "referred" her toa psychiatrist. The
psychiatrist put her through the paces of his
"rule-in"/"rule-out" routine; after he had ex-
hausted all ofhis "orthodox" probes, he placed
her in a state institution with a "diagnosis" of
"depression" and exhausted his drug list trying
to "stabilize" her. Since this psychiatrist had a
busy practice and he got a monthly "referral
check" from the institution, "he sort of forgot
her."
A full allergy exam and a six-hour GTT
were performed on this woman with the result
that she was extremely allergic to cow's milk
and also was hypoglycemic. Three weeks of
avoidance of cow's milk, autoimmune urine
therapy and an intense therapy program for
hypoglycemia and this lady was miraculously
"cured" and returned to "normal" emotional
health!!!
A second example was a 42 year old
actor who had an "acute attack" of manic
depression" and self-destructive "neurosis" (he
tried to stab himself to death) in London two
years before we saw him. He had "depres-
42
sion," "paranoia," "psychosis" with "hallucina-
tions," "catatonia" and "night tenors." After
being "treated" in London with three
antidepressive drugs and sleeping pills for
one year, he was then "referred" to a "private"
mental hospital in Spain. He remained there
for one year where their "treatment" was a
change from English tranquilizers to Spanish
brands!!
We ran a full allergy test battery and six-
hour GTT on him and found that he was a
severe prediabetic with a one-hour blood
sugar level of 319 mg%and a "crash and burn"
hypoglycemic with a low of 38 mg %; all of his
"diseases" were expressed as symptoms dur-
ing the test. A duplicate set of symptoms were
elicited by a milk allergy. In one month's time,
this patient was miraculously "cured" and hap-
pily back to work acting; his only "treatment"
was avoidance of sugar and cow's milk, auto-
immune urine therapy and an intensive therapy
program for hypoglycemia.
The second method of "diagnosis" (and
the most accurate) is to collect the facts and
"nile-out" the impossible "diagnosis" (i.e. , child
with a cold, you automatically "rule-out" blind-
ness, fractures, etc.) based on the facts; after
awhile, the true diagnosis becomes self-evi-
dent by simple "deduction" - "It's elementary,
Watson!!" This method requires an acute and
time consuming observational power which
most "orthodox" doctors are not willing to
develop.
Your diagnostic efforts will be of great-
est value and accuracy if you have a "normal"
baseline to refer to (i.e., BP, pulse, six-hour
GTT, weight, physical inspection of remote
areas (i.e. , tonsils, ears, anus, prostate, vagina,
cervix, etc.). Do a pulse test even if you don't
think you have allergies.
When you are sick, refer to the nutrient/
toxicity flow chart (Table 6-1) will give you
answers to 90% of your problems. To under-
line this fact, one 1986 study of chronic hospi-
tal patients showed that 55% suffered from
some form of overt malnutrition that "ortho-
dox" medicine recognized (if "they" recog-
nized it, you know it was serious!!!)
43
TABLE 6-1 . Nutrient Deficiency / Toxicity Flow Chart
BIOTIN DEFICIENCY
alopecia
anemia
anorexia and nausea
depression
fatigue
hypercholesterolemia
hyperglycemia (diabetes)
insomnia
muscle pain
muscle weakness
dry, greyish skin
pale smooth tongue
CALCIUM DEFICIENCY
arthritis
bone spurs
brittle fingernails
cognitive impairment
delusions
depression
eczema
hyperactivity
hypertension
insomnia
irritability
limb numbness
muscle cramps
nervousness
neuromuscular excitability
osteomalacia
osteoporosis
palpitations
paresthesia
periodontal disease
pica (eating lead paint)
rickets
retarded growth
tetany
tooth decay
CALCIUM TOXICITY
anorexia
aphasia
ataxia
depression
irritability
memory loss
muscle weakness
psychosis
arrhythmias
fat intolerance
gastric ulcers
growth retardation
hypertension
kidney disease
liver impairment
CHROMIUM DEFICIENCY
anxiety
fatigue
hypoglycemia
diabetes
retarded growth / short life span
hypercholesterolemia
CHROMIUM TOXICITY
dermatitis
G I ulcers
kidney dysfunction
liver dysfunction
COPPER DEFICIENCY
alopecia
anemia (microcytic)
aneutysm / cerebral hemorrage
criminal behavior
depression
dermatosis
diarrhea
fatigue
fragile bones / arthritis
hypercholesterolemia
44
TABLE 6-1 . Nutrient Deficiency / Toxicity Flow Chart (Continued)
otosis ("lipping" of epiphyseal
plates)
respiratory disease
weakness / liver cirritosis
Swachman's syndrome
COPPER TOXICITY
depression
irritability
joint pain
muscle pain
nervousness
FOLIC ACID DEFICIENCY
anemia (megaloblastic)
anorexia
apathy
birth defects (spina bifida,
hydroencephalocoele)
G I upsets/diarrhea
dyspepsia
fatigue
geographic tongue
growth retardation
headache
insomnia
memory loss
paranoia
vitaligo
weakness
ESSENTIAL FATTY ACID DEFICIENCY
acne
alopecia
arthritis
atrophy of endocrine glands
diarrhea
dry brittle hair
eczema
endocrine dysfunction
fatty degeneration of the liver
gall stones
growth retardation
immunologic dysfunction
impaired wound healing
infertility
kidney dysfunction
positive sweat test (cystic
fibrosis, anorexia nervosa,
etc.)
xerosis
INOSITOL DEFICIENCY
alopecia
constipation
eczema
hypercholesterolemia
IODINE DEFICIENCY
goiter
fatigue
hypothyroidism
low basal body temperature
weight gain
IRON DEFICIENCY
anemia (microcytic)
angular stomatitis
anorexia
brittle nails
confusion
constipation
depression
dizziness
dysphagia
fatigue
fragile bones
G I upset
growth retardation
headaches
ice eating (pica)
irritability
palpitations
45
TABLE 6-1 . Nutrient Deficiency / Toxicity Flow Chart (Continued)
IRON TOXICITY
anorexia
dizziness
fatigue
headaches
MAGNESIUM DEFICIENCY
anxiety/confusion/irritability/
restlessness
birth defects
depression
hyperactivity/sonophobia
hypotension
hypothermia
insomnia
muscle pain/muscle tremors/
muscle weakness
nervousness/neuromuscular
irritability
SIDS
seizures
tachycardia/palpitations
MANGANESE DEFICIENCY
ataxia
atherosclerosis
dizziness
hearing loss
hypercholesterolemia
hypoglycemia
muscle therapy
pancreatic atrophy
tinnitus
MANGANESE TOXICITY
anorexia
impaired judgement
Parkinsonism
memory loss
NIACIN DEFICIENCY
anorexia & nausea
canker sores
confusion
depression
dermatitis
localized scaly,
dark pigmented
dermatitis
diarrhea
crying jags, emotional
fatigue
halitosis (bad breath)
headache
dyspepsia
insomnia
irritability
limb pains
memory loss
muscular weakness
skin eruptions/eczema
NIACIN TOXICITY
niacin "flush"
liver impairment
PANTOTHENIC ACID
(B-5) DEFICIENCY
abdominal pain
alopecia
burning feet
coordination impairment
depression
eczema
faintness
fatigue
hypotension
infections
insomnia
muscle spasms
nausea & vomiting
46
TABLE 6-1 . Nutrient Deficiency / Toxicity Flow Chart (Continued)
nervousness
tachycardia
weakness
PARA AMINOBENZOIC ACID (PABA)
DEFICIENCY
constipation
depression/headache/irritability
G I disorders
fatigue
graying hair
PHOSPHORUS DEFICIENCY
anorexia
anxiety
apprehension
bone pain
dyspnea
fatigue
irritability
numbness
paresthesias
pica
tremulousness
weakness
weight loss
PHOSPHORUS TOXICITY
calcium malabsorption
loose teeth
osteoporosis / arthritis
secondary hyperparathyroidism
tooth loss
weight loss
POTASSIUM DEFICIENCY
acne
arrhythmia
cognitive impairment
constipation
depression
ECG changes
edema
fatigue
glucose intolerance
growth retardation
hypercholesterolemia
hyperreflexia
hypotension
insomnia
muscle weakness
nervousness
palpitations
polydipsia
proteinuria
respiratory distress
"salt" retention
tachycardia (rapid heart rate)
xerosis
POTASSIUM TOXICITY
cardiac arrest
cognitive impairment
dysarthria
dysphasia
weakness
PYRIDOXINE (B-6) DEFICIENCY
acne
alopecia
anemia
anorexia & nausea
arthritis
cheilosis
conjunctivitis
depression
dizziness
facial oiliness
fatigue
geographic tongue
impaired wound healing
irritability
47
TABLE 6-1 . Nutrient Deficiency / Toxicity Flow Chart (Continued)
nervousness
neurologic symptoms
seizures
stomatitis
stunted growth
weakness
PYRIDOXINE TOXICITY
"electric shock" sensations
paresthesia
RIBOFLAVIN (B-2) DEFICIENCY
alopecia
blurred vision
cataracts
cheilosis
depression
dermatitis (drying, greasy,
scaling)
dizziness
eyes (itching, burning, red)
geographic tongue
growth retardation
pancreatic atrophy and fibrosis
photophobia
SELENIUM DEFICIENCY
cataracts
cancer risk
cystic fibrosis
growth retardation
"heart attack"
impaired immunity
Keshan Disease (myocardial
fibrosis)
muscular dystrophy
pancreatic atrophy & fibrosis
(cystic fibrosis)
liver cirrhosis
sterility in males
SELENIUM TOXICITY
alopecia
arthritis
brittle nails
garlic breath
metallic taste
kidney dysfunction
liver dysfunction
SODIUM DEFICIENCY
abdominal cramps
anorexia
ataxia
confusion
crying jags
depression
dermatosis
dizziness
fatigue
flatulence
hallucinations
headaches
hypotension
illusions
infections
lethargy
memory loss
muscular weakness
nausea & vomiting
seizures
taste loss
weight loss
SODIUM TOXICITY
anorexia
cognitive dysfunction
congestive heart failure
edema (especially low
protein diets)
hyperactivity
hypertension
48
TABLE 6-1 . Nutrient Deficiency / Toxicity Flow Chart (Continued)
hypertonia
irritability
polydipsia
polyuria
renal failure
seizures
tremors
weight gain
VITAMIN B-1 DEFICIENCY
anorexia
brain atrophy (senility)
confusion
constipation
coordination impairment
depression
dyspnea (labored breathing)
G I upset
edema
fatigue
irritability
memory loss
muscle atrophy
nervousness
numbness hands and feet
pain hypersensitivity
palpitations
sonophobia
weakness
VITAMIN B-12 DEFICIENCY
achlorhydria
anemia
birth defects
constipation
depression
dizziness
dyspnea (labored breathing)
fatigue
G I upset
geographic tongue
headache
irritability
moodiness
numbness
palpitations
psychosis
spinal cord degeneration
VITAMIN A DEFICIENCY
acne
anosmia (loss of smell)
birth defects
dry hair/alopecia
fatigue
growth retardation
hyperkeratosis
infections
infertility
insomnia
night blindness
weight loss
xerophthalmia
xerosis
VITAMIN A TOXICITY
abdominal pain
alopecia
amenorrhea
cheilosis
G I upset
hepatomegaly
hydrocephalus
irritability
joint pain
nausea & vomiting
pruritis
splenomegaly
weight loss
VITAMIN C DEFICIENCY
bleeding gums/loose teeth
49
TABLE 6-1 . Nutrient Deficiency / Toxicity Flow Chart (Continued)
depression/malaise/tiredness
easy bruising
impaired wound healing
irritability
joint pain
VITAMIN D DEFICIENCY
burning in mouth
burning in throat
diarrhea
insomnia
myopia
nervousness
osteomalacia
rickets
VITAMIN D TOXICITY
angiotoxicity (calcification)
arteriosclerosis (angiotoxicity)
liver dysfunction
"malignant" calcification
VITAMIN E DEFICIENCY
alopecia
areflexia
dermatitis
gait disturbances
infertility
malabsorption
muscular dystrophy
ophthalmoplegia
proprioception problems
RBC fragility
vibratory sense dysfunction
VITAMIN K DEFICIENCY
poor clotting time
osteoporosis.
VANADIUM DEFICIENCY
diabetes
hypoglycemia
ZINC DEFICIENCY
acne
alopecia
anorexia
apathy
birth defects
brittle nails
depression
eczema
fatigue
growth retardation
hypercholesterolemia
hypogeusia (loss of
sensation of taste)
impaired wound healing
impotence
infertility
irritability
lethargy
malabsorption
memory loss
paranoia
sexual immaturity
sterility
white spots on nails
50
Chapter 7
Healing Arts
"The secret of caringfor the patient is caring
for the patient.
Sir William Osier
"Orthodox" western doctors would have
us believe that "theirs is the only medical
system of any value." We are taking the "lib-
erty" to briefly outline several healing arts that
are currently being used by 2/3 of the peoples
of the earth, some of which have been around
for 10,000 years (the "orthodox" American
system of medicine has only been around
since the 1914 Flexner Report - this is typical
of their anogance!!)
ACUPUNCTURE is an ancient therapy
based on the premise that there are channels
of energy (meridians) that flow through the
body with specific points that represent or-
gans and organ systems. Acupuncture involves
the placement of very fine needles into the
specific points to rechannel energy so as to
treat an organ, organ system or produce anal-
gesia.
Acupuncture is an ancient Chinese heal-
ing art dating from before 3500 BC. It was
originally observed that waniors pierced by
arrows frequently reported relief from chronic
diseases; it was these battlefield observations
that led to the development of acupuncture
meridians and points.
The first "official" text written on acu-
puncture was produced by the Yellow Em-
peror (Hangdi Neiging Suwen) in 200 BC.
The Chinese list over one thousand
"points" for diagnosis and treatment. Some of
these "points" are recognized byWestern prac-
titioners as "referred pain" locations. These
"points" are found on twelve meridians or
channels. The courses of the meridians are
not uniform and unique patterns and "points"
must be memorized or taken from models or
charts.
The Chinese call the "life force" or "spirit"
Qi (pronounced Chi) which flows through the
meridians. A blockage or misdirection of the
Qi flow results in disease. The reestablish-
ment of the blocked flow of energy is the goal
of acupuncture.
The Chinese acupuncture system recog-
nizes physiological circadian rhythms and
interorgan relationships; it expresses them in
three basic sets of parameters:
1) Yin and Yang
2) Five Main Elements
3) Time of treatment during the 24-
hour clock and annual calendar
Modern needles are made of silver al-
51
loys or stainless steel. Early versions ofneedles
were made of stone, iron, copper, bronze,
ivory, etc. The needle can be inserted into the
patient using more than 50 different tech-
niques, however, seven basic factors deter-
mine the efficiency of the needle:
1) caliber of the needle
2) twirling or vibrating
3) depth of penetration
4) sharpness
5) amount of time of treatment
6) number of follow-up treatments
7) heat (moxibustion)
Any treatable and curable disease of
altered physiology can be cured by acupunc-
ture; acupuncture is also an excellent method
for producing analgesia (pain relief) and/or
anesthesia (pain reliefwith unconsciousness).
Conditions and diseases not to be treated
by acupuncture:
1) infections
2) parasites
3) cardiovascular disease
4) cancer
5) kidney disease
6) diabetes, hypoglycemia,
thyroid disease
7) pregnancy (can be used for
analgesia during labor)
8) vaginal discharges
9) prostate disease
10) otitis media (middle ear problems)
11) emphysema
12) eye disease
13) fractures
14) emergency surgical
problems (appendicitis)
15) transected nerves and blood vessels
Chinese measurements are used to lo-
cate acupuncture meridians and points. The
basic unit is a Cun, which is approximately the
width of the widest part of the patients thumb.
A fen is 1/10 of a Cun.
Accurate placement of the needle will
produce a sensation or energization called "te-
chi." The depth of the needle insertion is five
fen (1/2 inch, or just below the skin). The
needles are left in place for 20-30 minutes then
removed. If a lot of treatment energy is indi-
cated, the needles may be twirled or heated
with "moxa" after insertion.
Needles should be sterilized between
use by heating in an autoclave (medical ster-
ilizer) or up to 350 F in the oven for 30 minutes.
The beginner acupuncturist should wear ster-
ile rubber gloves to prevent contamination of
the needles.
Anesthesia and analgesia produced by
acupuncture is very safe and doesn't need a
prescription from the "orthodox" doctor!! The
obstetrical and surgical patient is aware of
what's happening but doesn't perceive pain.
Postsurgical pain is easily controlled with acu-
puncture. The induction of analgesia takes
about 20-30 minutes; it takes from one to ten
needles to produce satisfactory analgesia (be-
ginners need ten):
52
TREATMENT                 MERIDIAN POINTS
AREA                      INDUCE ANALGESIA
ears        Co 4, Me 3, Me 17
eyes        Co 4, St2
esophagus   Co 4, Va 6
nose        Co 4, Co 20, St2
upper teeth Co 4, St6, St7, St44
lower teeth Co 4, St5, St6
throat      Co 4, St6, St44
urethra     St36, Sp6, Sx4, Br 2
uterus      St36, Sp6, Li 3, Br 4
NORMAL CHILDBIRTH AND LABOR POINTS
meridian points   Co 4, Va 6, Sp6, Sp9,
Li 3, Li 6, St36, St44
The best meridian charts and point
locations are found in the book, Acupuncture
for Americans; however, we have provided
you with several basic charts to get you started
(Fig. 7-1). Needles and complete charts are
available through Chinese herbal shops and
some herbal distributors.
Acupressure and reflexology are varia-
tions of acupuncture that were derived by the
orientals. These techniques employ "points"
or zones on the feet (Fig. 7-2) and body
meridians to correct flow of energy to help
eliminate disease.
For those too conservative to use
needles (especially in the early stages of "pre-
med" training), you may choose to use
electroacupuncture (i.e., penlight sized "acu-
spark") or the larger Vol machines for merid-
ian diagnosis as well as electro-acupuncture
therapy. The advantage of the Vol machine is
that it has an indicator gauge as well as an
audio signal to let you know that you are
precisely on a "point"
AROMATHERAPY is a combination of
body and face massages using essential aro-
matic oils extracted from plants. It is practiced
as one form of herbal medicine and/or beauty
therapy. The "essence" of the plant source can
be extracted from various parts of the plant:
ROOTS       calamus
FLOWERS     lavender
LEAVES      rosemary
BARK        sandalwood
RESIN       myrrh
The oils function as pesticides, fungi-
cides, bactericides, and hormone-like sub-
stances. These oils are excellent for treating
scars, acne and stretch marks.
BIRTH CONTROL           Mexican yam
TESTOSTERONE            Sarsaparilla
INTESTINAL              peppermint,
ANTISPASMODIC           cardamon
REDUCE BLOOD            calamus
PRESSURE
EXPECTORANT             lemon oil
ESTROGENS               hops, anise seed,
fennel
AYURVEDIC MEDICINE is thought to
be the most ancient of all medical arts.
Ayurvedic medicine literally translates to "life
sciences." Ayur = life, veda = science is re-
corded in the Arthavara veda 1200 BC. The
"Sambuta," or encyclopedia of medicines, was
written in 500 BC. Eighty to ninety percent of
the people in India are treated with Ayurvedic
medicine. It is generally thought that the west-
ern form of medicine comes from the Greeks
- but the Greeks learned it from the East
Indians. Pythagoras, one of Hippocrates' early
teachers, obtained his whole system from
India.
According to Ayurvedic medicine, at the
level of the individual mind, there are three
types of activity:
Rojas active creating energy
Tamas passive resisting or
destroying energy
Satva unifying, preserving energy
Pitta active energy of heat
Kapha element of phlegm (cold)
Vaya element of air
All of the above forces are modified by the
spiritual, mental and physical aspects of the
patient.
The human and the universe are com-
posed of five elements or Bhutas (which ap-
pear to be the origins of the four Greek hu-
mors:
1) Ether sound
2) Air light/touch
3) Fire hot/sight
4) Water wet/taste
5) Earth heavy/smell
Ayurveda expects the patient to take
part in his own cure. According to Ayurveda,
the human body is made up of seven tissues or
Dhatus; if the Dhatus are in balance, the indi-
vidual is healthy. Food after digestion feeds the
Dhatus; any imbalance in food creates disease
in the Dhatus. Ayurvedic medicine puts great
emphasis on "wrong food" as a cause of dis-
ease although it does recognize that physical
activity, sleep, sexual habits, climate, emo-
tional status, surrounds, age and gender all
influence disease. Ayurvedic medicine doesn't
arrive at a "diagnosis" by western standards
but treats "imbalances." The ayurvedic
pharmacopeia of drugs is very large having
collected several thousands of compounds
over a period of thousands of years. The drugs
are prepared as jellies, tinctures, powders,
pills or oils. Refined minerals, metals and
precious stones are also used in treatments.
"Mantras" (prayer-like sayings), yogic
breathing techniques and medical "ceremo-
nies" are employed in the ayurvedic treatment
programs. It is thought that homeopathy,
color therapy and radiesthesia are derived
from ayurvedic medicine.
Bach Remedies (Bach Flower Rem-
edies) were conceived by Edward Bach (1880-
1936). Bach started his career as a bacteriolo-
gist in the University College Hospital in Lon-
don and as the pathologist and bacteriologist
to the London Homeopathic Hospital. In
1926, he published a book, Chronic Diseases:
A Working Hypothesis; in 1933, he wrote Heal
Thy Self, the Twelve Healers. Initially, Bach
collected sunwarmed dew on flowers; he
eventually expanded his "remedies" to a ho-
meopathic-like water preparation of flowers.
Traditionally the patient takes four (4) drops
of the diluted "remedy" four times per day.
Bach's remedies were "designed" to "cure"
emotional imbalances rather than physical
disease.
Biochemics (Schuessler Cell Salts) is
a system of medical therapy devised in the last
century by a physician and chemist, Dr.
Wilhelm Heinrich Schuessler. He based his
"science" on the analysis of the ashes of cre-
mated human bodies. In these ashes Schuessler
found twelve (12) "salts" (minerals) basic and
essential to human health. Dr. Schuessler was
heavily influenced by the great German chem-
ist, Dr. Liebig (the human body is made up of
"cells" composed of organic material, water
and "salts." In recent times, an additional 30
trace elements have been recognized and
added to the original twelve "cell salts."
Schuessler classically used homeopathic doses
FIG. 7-1 : Acupuncture Chart of Head and Ear Points
1 .Toes
FIG. 7-1 : Acupuncture Chart of Head and Ear Points (Continued)
Patella
56
FIG. 7-2 : Foot Acupuncture Points and Reflexology Zones
Right Foot Left Foot
1 .Scalp
2. Pituitary
3. Thyroid
4. Parathyroid
5. Thymus
6 .Stomach
7. Liver
8. Gallbladder
9. Spinal Column
10. Waist
11. Large Intestine
12. Urinary Bladder
13. Small Intestine
14. Sciatic Nerve
1 5. Hemorrhoid
16. Heart
1 7. Spleen
57
of the cell salts in treating his patients.
Chiropractic is a physical form ofmedi-
cine that heals without the use of drugs or
surgery. Chiropractic philosophy believes
that many diseases, especially physical dis-
comfort and many visceral malfunctions are
caused by "subluxations" of vertebral joints
pressing on spinal nerves. Today "chiropractic"
is the most accepted of the "alternative thera-
pies" in the western world as indicated by
licensure in all 50 U.S. states and comprehen-
sive insurance and medicare payments.
The word chiropractic is derived from
the Greek words "cheiro" (hands) and
"practikos" (done by the). Chiropractors take
a history and perform a physical exam much
the same way an N.D. , D.O. , or M.D. does but
tend to pay special attention to the musculo-
skeletal system. In some states (i.e., Oregon)
chiropractors can deliver babies, perform of-
fice surgery and, in certain areas, have hospital
privileges. Radiographic examination of the
spine is traditional. The treatment goal of
chiropractic is to:
1) restore normal posture
2) restore optimal function to
spinal and pelvic joints
3) correct visceral malfunction
by relieving pressure on spinal
nerves
4) relieve pain by "reducing"
subluxations
Manipulation itself is an ancient heal-
ing art practiced by the Egyptians, Hindus,
Traditional Chinese Medicine, Babylonians
and Assyrians. It wasn't until 1895 that physi-
cal manipulation finally came to the western
world. A Canadian, Daniel D. Palmer, cured
his janitor's deafness with cervical manipula-
tion and became so excited with this "new"
therapy that he abandoned his interest in mes-
merism (hypnotism) and magnetic healing.
Palmer soon founded the Palmer Infirmary
and Chiropractic Institute in Iowa.
The chiropractic profession has been at
odds with the "orthodox" medical profession
since its inception. In 1987, the chiropractors
finally won a landmark case against the AMA
for conspiracy to break the U.S. antitrust laws.
The AMA is now blocked from openly trying
to destroy chiropractic (this ruling has had the
effect of keeping the AMA from attacking
other healing arts (i.e., naturopathic physi-
cians, etc.). The nice thing about chiropractic
is that certain basic treatments are easily learned
and it can be employed in the home.
Color therapy is the use of colored
lights or panels to create a positive healing
effect. Color therapy was originally recorded
in the Greek Healing Temples of light and
color at Heliopolis, Egypt. Color healing is
also used in ayurvedic and traditional Chinese
medicine; the gem therapy ofayurvedic medi-
cine is a close parallel in theory and method-
ology.
The color blue appears to be the univer-
sally favored color, followed by red. It is well
documented that our response to color is
emotional; our response to shape is intellec-
tual. It is also agreed upon that certain forms
of sound and light are therapeutic -color
therapy is considered by many to be another
form of light therapy:
1) Blue reduces BP, alleviates
teething, boils, fever, inflammation,
dysentery, colic, jaundice and heals
cuts and burns
2) Red alleviates "hypo"tension and
certain forms of paralysis
3) Yellow/Violet alleviates anxiety
and arthritis
4) Orange alleviates gallstones
58
and kidney stones
5) Yellow - diabetes and constipation
6) Green - ulcers, colds, flu,
breast cancer
Color therapy techniques include:
1) Kilner screen - a diagnostic tool.
Consists of two (2) plates of glass with a
solution of dicyanin (indigo/violet solution);
the color therapist views the patient through
the screen to determine which colors are
needed
2) Tissue colors - a diagnostic tool. The
color therapist observes the color of the sclera
(white of the eye), nails, urine and stool
3) Solar-chrome salt bags - a therapy
tool. Massage patient with colored salt in a
cheese-cloth sack. These bags are "charged"
by exposure to the sun or sunlamps for one
hour prior to the massage.
4) Food colors - a therapy tool. Select
food colors that will treat the patient. Colored
food groups contain specific "chemicals" (vi-
tamins and minerals) needed by the patient.
5) Rainbow healing - a therapy tool.
Water is placed in colored glasses and ex-
posed to sunlight. The water takes on the
healing qualities of the specific color and it is
passed onto the patient who drinks it.
6) Color breathing - a therapy tool. A
style of retiring and awakening - meditation.
Laying-on-of-hands (spiritual and
faith healers) - the use of a human to mediate
healing. "Healers" were recorded in ancient
China, Egypt and in various forms today in
Christianity. A spiritual healer works on the
premise that whatever one believes can be
made to happen by belief in God. Spiritual
healing works through contact with the "world
of spirits," mediums and psychic phenomena.
"Positive thinking" is practiced by Christians
and alternative physicians alike. Robert
Schuller considers positive thinking to be a
form of prayer. Twenty to sixty percent of
patients will recover with placebos if positive
thought is induced.
Christian Scientists are a sect ofortho-
dox Christians founded in 1879 by Mary Baker
Eddy (Church of Christ, Scientists) who be-
lieved that "healing is proof of God's love for
man." StatisticallyChristian Scientists live longer
than any group of western people and, as a
result, have special lower insurance premi-
ums.
It is of interest that Kirlian photogra-
phy shows a significant increase in the healer's
hand "aura" during "laying-on-of-hands." A
new-age concept of "laying-on-of-hands" is
"therapeutic touch" which is practiced by
nurses and massage therapists on patients
with poor circulation and debilitating diseases.
Herbal medicine is an ancient system
of medicine that uses plants to prevent and
cure disease. Traditional Chinese medicine,
ayurvedic medicine, American Indian medi-
cine, American folk medicine, Eclectic medi-
cine and naturopathic medicine all have strong
roots in herbal medicine.
The Chinese had large complex
pharmacopeias in 3000 B.C. and the Persians
are said to have used plants medicinally as
long ago as 6,000 years!! An Assyrian, King
Asurbipal, had a list of 250 plant drugs in 2500
B.C. In 1653, Nicholas Culpeper published
the "Complete Herbal." Even today, more than
thirty percent of today's "orthodox" pharma-
ceuticals are derived from herbal compounds
(i.e., digitalis, foxglove, and vincristine - a CA
therapy from the Madagascar periwinkle).
59
The seventeenth century produced the "Doc-
trine of Signatures" which puts forth the theory
that certain plants and plant parts looked like
various human organs as a "God-given clue"
to what medicinal value each had.
Herbal medicines have the advantage of
safety (there are exceptions!!!!) and thousands
ofyears ofexperience. Currently herbal prepa-
rations are easy to procure in tablet, capsule,
tea bag and fluid (i.e., extracts and elixirs)
preparations. Herbs are also easy to cultivate
at home in significant quantities making them
very attractive to retired people on fixed in-
comes and young families with lots of ex-
penses but small incomes.
Homeopathy is a widely practiced
medical art that has two basic principles:
1) "let like be cured by like"
2) principle of "minimum dose"
Agents (herbs, chemicals, etc.) produce cer-
tain symptoms in normal healthy humans
("proved") - these agents are then used to cure
diseases that produce the "proved" symp-
toms.
Dr. Samuel Hahnemann, a physician
from Leipzig, Germany, "proved" that Cin-
chona bark (a malaria cure of the day) gave
malaria symptoms to healthy people.
Hahnemann went on to "prove" hundreds of
medications and substances. He also found
that very frequently the more dilute the prepa-
ration, the more dramatic the clinical effect
(Table 7-1). This observation has been the
center ofcontroversy since Hahnemann's time.
It is of interest that in 1988 asignificant article
was published in Nature magazine that sup-
ports Hahnemann's observations!!!!
There are two basic forms of homeo-
pathic remedies - the dilutions are known as
"potencies" (Table 7-2):
1) solid remedies are ground up with lactose
(milk sugar) by a process known as "trituration."
The "active" substance is diluted 10 fold with
the lactose.
2) Liquid remedies are mixed with alcohol
and shaken, a process known as "succession"
— again liquid remedies are diluted ten fold.
The strength or "potency" of the remedy is
expressed as 1C, 2C, 3C, etc. as each succes-
sive 100 fold dilution and "succussion" is made.
English homeopathic remedies are la-
beled IX, 2X, and 3X while European designa-
tions ID, 2D, and 3D are used to indicate
decimal or ten fold dilutions. At 12C or 1024,
there may be one molecule or none of the
original substance (Avogadro's Law) yet the
"remedy" will have a homeopathic medical
effect!!!
Hydrotherapy began in Roman times
and is widely used today by all forms of
healing arts including "orthodox" medicine.
The medicinal baths take many forms from
"sitz" baths for hemorrhoids, whirlpool for
muscle injuries to mineral baths for arthritis.
Many times insurance companies will pay for
some form of hydrotherapy if it is prescribed
by a licensed physician of any healing art.
Hydrotherapy takes many forms includ-
ing:
1) cold bath - reduces swelling
2) hot bath - relieves soreness
and improves circulation for
chronic diseases and injuries
3) mineral bath - for chronic
disease - i.e., arthritis
4) steam bath - detox heavy metals
5) sitz bath - hemorrhoids
6) epsom salt bath - produces
60
8) colonic irrigation - constipation,
sweating, relieves edema and detoxify patients being treated
soreness and will clean infected for any chronic disease or liver
wounds ailment (infectious hepatitis would
be an exception)
7) water fast - detoxification
of food allergies and can be used as 9) knipping - walking or jogging in
a prelude to diagnosing food knee-deep water of a lake or
allergies ocean for stimulating circulation
and immune system
61
TABLE 7-1 . Homeopathic Remedy Potencies and Terminology
DILUTION CONCENTRATION DECIMAL CENTESIMAL
SCALE
1/10
1/100
1/1,000
1/10,000
1/100,000
1/1,000,000
1/10,000,000,000,000
10%
TABLE. 7-2 : Abbreviated Repertory (Continued)
burning heat, dilated pupils, dry red tongue
with thirst
BRYONIA - Cold going on to chest, hoarse
and sore at back of throat. Goes on to cough
which shakes patient to bits and is very painful
over the top of the chest. Holds chest on
coughing and head because of headache.
Short hacking dry cough, better lying on af-
fected side, much worse from motion. Very
thirsty for long, cold drinks, very hot, wants to
beleft alone, looks drugged and bluish. Cough
of measles.
GELSEVUUM - Colds which come on days
afterexposure in warm, moist relaxing weather.
History of feeling chilled after being too hot
several days before. Doesn't notice windows
open. Chilliness and shivers up and down
back in spite of being hot and sticky. Acute
fluid coryza and sneezing. Although hot, has
cold extremities and is sitting by fire particu-
larly with flu. Aching, and heavy all over with
soreness of muscles. May get tickley cough or
more croupy kind of cough. Headache severe
in flu over head and eyes. Mild dislike of
disturbance. Headache better with passing of
urine. If excited will have sleepless night.
Thirstless nearly always.
HEPAR SULPH - Comes on in cold dry
weather, after with a sticking sensation like a
splinter in the throat. Paroxysms of diy, teas-
ing, painful cough with very sore chest and
throat. Very hot but can't, or won't, move or be
uncovered without feeling chilly. Sweats pro-
fusely but lies covered up to chin. No relief
from sweat. Worse breathing cold air, worse
putting hand out ofcovers. Suffocating croupy
cough. Very irritable and hypersensitive. Apt
to quarrel with own shadow particularly in flu
and chest conditions.
ARNICA - For any injury or bruising. Falls,
fractures before and after operations, where
there is a history of old injury, particularly if
never well since, or if left with chronic after
effects.
LACHESIS - Very hot remedy, bluish appear-
ance, left-sided remedy. All symptoms worse
from heat, much worse from tight clothing or
tight collar, collar must be loosened. Much
worse after sleep, wakes feeling dead.
Better immediately after menstmal period
onset. Menopausal remedy; veiy loquacious
and darts from subject to subject. Veiy jealous
and/or suspicious.
CONSTITUTIONAL REMEDIES
TERENTULA - Mental excitement, hysteria,
hallucinations. Rage, fury.
ARSENICUM ALBUM - Oversensitive, smell,
touch, hair combed, anxiety, and an anxious
expression
NITRIC ACff) - Sensitive to touch and upset
beyond reason by pain.
HEPAR SULPHURIS - Marked skin
hyperaesthesia to touch, draught, personal
atmosphere. Easily upset, flies into temper
rage.
NUX VOMICA - Cutaneous sensitivities to
cold, touch, noise, being interfered with, nerves
on edge, startled if touched suddenly.
GENTIANA LUTEA - Ravenous hunger; di-
minished appetite
JASMEVUM OFFICESTALE - Comatose, vom-
63
TABLE. 7-2 : Abbreviated Repertory (Continued)
iting, convulsion, tetany
PRIMULA VULGARIS Dropsy.
HYPERICUM - Wounds, punctures, fuzzy
feelings on hands, shaking, and a paralytic
weakness. Wounds of brain, spine, coccyx,
fingertips, punctures from nails, thorns,
wounds sensitive to touch. Painful corns and
bunions.
GELSEMnJM - Sluggish mind, relaxed mus-
cular system, limbs feel too heavy to move.
Headache with functional paralysis, blurring
of vision which is relieved by copious dis-
charge of urine. Mental prostration, drooping
eyelids, stage fright. Neurologic headache,
nausea, vomiting, cold sweat, cold feet.
Tongue coated yellowish white with fetid
breath. Dry burning throat. A lot of nimbling
and discomfort in the abdomen with a sudden
spasmodic pain which leaves a sensation of
contraction afterwards.
CEANOTHUS - Pain in the upper left quad-
rant of the abdomen. Patient chilly, worse in
cold weather. Depression, anorexia, "don't
care" attitude.
CALENDULA - Lacerated or suppura-ting
wounds. Pain, fever.
VALERIANA- Congestion ofhead, in-creased
pulse, symptoms alternate between upper
and limbs. Worse at noon, early afternoon,
and just before midnight. Darting, tearing
pains that come and go. Anxiety, hypochon-
driac. Goes from joyful to despair in one
moment.
NAT MUR - Patient has definite character and
personality. Fairly well covered and tends to
be broad. Tends to be scraggly in the neck.
Skin, at rest, always sallow. If excited comes
in flushed and looks temporarily like a PHOS-
PHORUS. Flush fades and leaves patient
sallow and greasy looking. Coarse greasy
hair. Crack in lower lip often. Herpes on lips
with cold. Walks with rapid definite move-
ments. Often sits down shaking on putting
down parcels. Worse in hot room. Much
worse from consolation. Resentful if doesn't
get attention, nasty if they do. "The greatest
shock remedy." Hides feelings and avoids
everyone. Great migraine headache remedy.
Wakes with headache, gets worse until 11:00
or 1 2:00 noon then eases offas day gets cooler.
Flashes and zig zags before eyes with head-
ache. Headache worse with usingeyes. Salt
craving, likes beer, fish and occasionally milk
but may have aversion to meat, coffee and fat.
NAT SULPH - Gets bronchitis in warm wet
weather. Cough with dyspnea. Has to sit up
quickly to get rid of sputum or lie propped up.
Greenish expectoration, worse at 4-5 a.m.
Left-sided pneumonia.
PHOSPHORUS - Intelligent, bright people
with glint in the hair. Fine skin which flushes
up quickly. Not damp skin but will sweat
when nervous or with exercise. Full of appre-
hension if overtired. Patient thinks he is going
to be ill, gets into state about business and
what he has left undone. Marked fears and
dreads. May fly into passion if opposed, very
ashamed after. Never nurses resentment, like
NAT MUR. Better with sleep. Better with
nibbing. Fears dark, being alone, thunder,
death and "that something will happen." Un-
happy in twilight, wants reassurance. Intense
thirst. Loves ice cream, loves salt, loves cold
weather. Violent chest pain on coughing,
better by pressure. Jaundice remedy.
64
TABLE. 7-2 : Abbreviated Repertory (Continued)
PUSATHIA - Gentle, yielding type. Weeps
easily, better from sympathy. Wilts in heat,
can't sit in sun. Apt to have late or delayed
menstmation. Often has wandering pains,
rheumatism, useful in single joint rheumatism.
Hates fat of any kind. Likes sweets. Very little
thirst. Cough worse in evening, goes on and
off until expectoration.
RHUS TOX - Greatest rheumatic and skin
remedy. Lumbago worse before rain, much
worse cold, very bad on getting out of bed or
chair. Better after movement, much better
from warmth. Very thirsty, very restless. Very
good remedy for shingles when patient wants
to relieve pain. Constant hot baths or applica-
tions which improves 75%. Skin complaints.
Erysipelas after standing in cold wind. Patient
very, very restless.
SULFUR - Untidy hair won't lie down, dirty
looking, red faced, or grayish earthy appear-
ance. Shriveled looking, "the lean dyspeptic"
or the "ragged philosopher" in appearance.
Redness of lips, eyelids, nostrils, anus. Raven-
ous hunger, often worse late morning. Some-
times emaciation.
Untidy - hates bath. Slimy diarrhea or obsti-
nate constipation. Full of eniptions, eczema
and boils. Untidy, wrong socks, burning
indigestion. Desire for cold drinks and ice -
worse from milk.
ARS. ALB - Headache, seven-day periodicity,
Sunday headache of workers, long continued
suppurations or ulcers. Old cases of gout.
65
Light therapy uses ultra violet light to
stimulate vitamin D production, stimulate the
immune system, treat sore throats, treat
vaginitis, treat ring-worm, athletes foot and
eczema.
Infra red light is used as an immune
stimulant - this is accomplished by covering
the area of interest with cloth and making a
1cm hole over an acupuncture or trigger
"point." Infra red light is then directed to the
hole in the cloth and allowed to redden the
"point." This produces an "acute" stimulation
to the "point" which causes an influx of WBCs
and antibodies - any chronic process in the
area will benefit from this local immune surge!!!
This produces excellent results in chronic
wounds, bedsores and arthritis. A standard
heat lamp will produce the desired effect.
Ultra violet light is germicidal, stimulates
the production of vitamin D and has "healing"
effects for a variety of skin diseases and arthri-
tis. The nice thing about the ultra violet light
used for therapy is that it is "cool" and does not
produce local heat. CAUTION IS REQUIRED
TO PREVENT BURNING OF YOUR EYES -
wear protective goggles or avoid looking di-
rectly at the therapy lamp tube!!!
Visible light is only five percent of the
total spectrum produced by ultra violet therapy
lamps. The ultra violet ray spectrum ranges
between 500 and 3100 Angstrom units - 2537
Angstrom units is the "peak" intensity and is
the level that produces the germicidal,
erythemic and vitamin D producing effects.
Macrobiotics originated in Japan in
1946. George Ohsawa created this healing art
to heal himself of tuberculosis (which he
did!!); after curing himself, he opened up a
macrobiotic healing center in Hiyoshi, Japan
andtaughtfrom 1946 to 1952. In 1952, Ohsawa
started a world lecture tour that included
Africa, India, Europe and the United States.
Ohsawa taught a philosophy of life and eating
habits that unified people through health prac-
tices.
Macrobiotics is based on wholesome
behavior and eating habits. Macrobiotic phi-
losophy maintains that all disease and illness
is caused by an imbalance of "yin" and "yang"-
"yin" - tends to be feminine, drinks,
fruit, sweet, sour, hot flavors, green, blue and
purple
"yang" - tends to be masculine, meat,
cereals, some vegetables, hard, dense,
orange or yellow
Macrobiotic diets (popularly known as
the "brown rice" diet) have many reported
successes with food allergies, emotional prob-
lems, chronic diseases (i.e., arthritis, diabetes,
etc.) as well as long term remissions and/or
"cures" for cancer. An explanation for in-
creased health from the macrobiotic program
is that individuals who are not aware that they
have gluten sensitivity (celiac disease) get
benefit from eliminating wheat from their diet
and begin to absorb trace minerals, vitamins
and essential fatty acids.
During the height of the macrobiotic
movement (1960s-1970s) in the United States,
thousands of macrobiotic stores, restaurants
and summer camps were opened. The most
well known ofOhsawa's disciples in the United
States is Michio Kushi.
Megavitamin therapy is one of the
major friction points between "orthodox"
medical philosophy and alternative healing
arts. The "megavitamin theory" was created in
1968 and was the center of what Dr. Linus
Pauling (double Nobel Prize winner) called
"orthomolecular medicine." Dr. Abram Hoffer
then created "orthomolecular psychiatry."
Dr. PaulingandDr. Hoffer used vitamins
at "pharmacologic" or "therapeutic" levels for
a variety ofdiseases with excellent results in-
cluding colds, alcoholism, hyperactivity, drug
66
addiction, osteoarthritis, neuritis, schizophre-
nia, depression, various psychosis and food
allergies. However, as this revelation would
wipe out several medical "specialties," the
"orthodox" medical community refuses to
publicly give a "blessing" to this form oftherapy!
The doses used include five to 100 Gm of
vitamin C for colds, arthritis, cancer and 3000
mg per day of niacinamide for psychosis of
various types. These seem like "wild and
crazy" doses when compared to the RDA of 30
mg for vitamin C and 1.5 mg for niacin!!!! A
variety of other nutrients are used in "mega"
doses to cure or relieve acne, PMS, food aller-
gies, arthritis, alcoholism, etc. (Table 8-1).
Naturopathy is practiced by
naturopathic physicians (N.D.). What distin-
guishes naturopathic medicine is that its "prac-
tice" emerges from its underlying principle -
FIRST DO NO HARM. Naturopathic medicine
recognizes an inherent healing ability of the
body. Naturopathic physicians emphasize
the prevention of disease.
The "scope" of practice varies in state to
state depending on the strength and oppres-
siveness of the "orthodox" medical lobby at
the time naturopathic medicine was intro-
duced into that state. As taught, naturopathy
covers the full practice of medicine excluding
major surgery (i.e., brain and chest and ab-
dominal cavities) and the use of most legend
drugs (allopathic drugs); it includes but is not
limited to the following diagnostic and thera-
peutic modalities: nutritional science (pre-
vention and therapy), natural hygiene, botani-
cal medicine (herbal medicine), physical medi-
cine (i.e. , hydrotherapy, heat, cold, manipula-
tion), oriental medicine (i.e., diagnosis, acu-
puncture, etc.), homeopathy, counseling,
gynecology,obstetrics (natural childbirth),
minor surgery, public health, immunization
and all methods of laboratory and physical/
clinical diagnosis. It is claimed that Hippocrates
was the father of modern naturopathic medi-
cine since he was an herbalist.
Naturopathic medicine is licensed and/
or regulated by a separate board of examiners
or licenses in several countries and states
including England, Europe, Canada, Australia
and the United States (i.e., Oregon, Washing-
ton, Washington, D.C., Arizona, Hawaii, Ne-
vada, Florida, Connecticut, Georgia,
Utah,Idaho, North Carolina, Alaska and Mon-
tana).
Negative ion therapy is the use of
negatively charged air particles to prevent and
cure disease. Sources of negative ions include
"negative ion generators" for home and office
use and frequenting forests, mountains and
seashores for "free" supplies. Pure outside air
has 300-1000 negatively charged ions per cu-
bic meter of air (considerably higher levels are
found at the beach) while air conditioned
office or classroom air typically has 150-500.
Excessive levels of positive ions in the air
produces anxiety, depression and restless-
ness.
Negative ions 1) reduce heart rate and
BP, 2) increase respiratory volume, 3) increase
ciliary beat in respiratory epithelium, 4) in-
crease efficiency of endocrine glands, 5) nor-
malize brain rhythm, 6) reverse effects of
positive ions.
Negative ion generators are particularly
good for patients with inhalant allergies,
asthma, respiratory disease and cystic fibrosis.
Two to four treatments per day for 45 minutes
each or overnight use is typical.
Osteopathy originated as a type of ma-
nipulation of body and spine to heal disease.
This healing art was developed over 1 00 years
ago by Andrew Still (an engineer) after all three
of his children died at the hands of "orthodox"
medicine during a meningitis outbreak. As an
engineer, Still felt that disease was the result of
a mechanical breakdown of the body. The
American School of Osteopathy in Kirksville,
Missouri was the only school for osteopaths
67
for many years. Today it is difficult to distin-
guish most D.O.s from M.D.s in their "ortho-
dox" approach - "burn, cut and poison" is the
standard "allopathic" approach. There are a
few exceptions among the D.O. ranks who
will administer "chelation" therapy instead of
rushing into bypass surgery!!!!!
Reflexology is an ancient Chinese and
east Indian diagnostic and treatment system.
The soles of the feet and palms of the hands
are covered with "zones" or "points" that rep-
resent visceral organs and systems (Figure 7-
2); the appearance of reflexology paralleled
the appearance of acupuncture.
Ten to 30 minutes of "compression"
massage is applied with the thumb or index
finger. Reflexology works particularly well for
physiological or functional disease. The
reflexologist searches the foot or hand for
"crystals" or "nodules" which are "worked
out."
Rolfing is a "body therapy" (structural
integration) and was named after Ida Rolf who
was a graduate of biological chemistry from
Barnard College, New York in 1920. In 1940,
she began treating people with her technique;
she worked quietly for 25 years until the 1960's
"human potential" movement unveiled her
treatment. In 1970, the Rolf Institute of Struc-
tural Integration was founded in Boulder,
Colorado.
Rolfing is typically a deep body massage
and is used to "break down" connective tissue
that is pathological. Before and after pictures
are part of the process to identify posture
problems and to ultimately show patients the
results of treatment. Treatments tend to be
very uncomfortable, but most patients feel the
gains are worth the discomfort. As a result of
"releasing" muscles, ligaments and connec-
tive tissue, patients get taller by 1/2 to one
inch.
Urine therapy is a method of improv-
ing the patients immune system by injecting
his own urine back into him. The basis of the
therapy is exactly the same as the "modern"
allergist uses when he injects allergens into the
patient to "treat" allergies. The technique of
urine injection is quite simple and can be
performed at home or requested from a "user
friendly" N.D., D.C., or D.O. (M.D. allergists
used to use this technique for 50 years until the
pharmaceutical companies discovered they
make money with prepared allergens).
Urine therapy is performed by centrifug-
ing the patient's urine and then filtering it
through a "millipore" filter to eliminate the
cells and bacteria that might be present. Five
to ten milliliters of urine are injected subcuta-
neously — this injection may cause some burn-
ing which can be eliminated by adding
procaine to the filtered urine.
The urine injection technique is very
useful for allergies, asthma, migraine head-
ache and arthritis. A nonspecific increase in
immune capacity has been recorded in cancer
patients given urine therapy.
Yoga is a Sanscrit word meaning "one-
ness" and is taught by a Guru ("despoiler of
darkness"). Yoga is a meditational practice to
"achieve mans highest potential in life." The
belief is that all of mans functions can be
reduced to postures or "asanas" (yoga exer-
cises) which are designed to prevent or cure
disease. Vegetarianism is a common thread to
all forms of yoga:
1) Hatha yoga - health through masteiy
of postures
2) Montra yoga - vibrations and
radiations of life
3) Karma yoga - service to others
4) Bhakti yoga - path via devotion and love
5) Layakriya yoga - sexual relationships to
achieve fullfillment in life
68
There are numerous healing arts and
alternative medical techniques not mentioned
here (i.e., iridology, kinesiology or "muscle
testing," magnetism, etc.) that are generally
practiced and accepted by large numbers of
people so feel free to learn whatever you need
to for yours and your families health.
69
Chapter 8
Pharmacy
"From inability to let well alone; from too
much zealfor the new and contemptfor what
is old;fromputting knowledge befotv wisdom,
science before art, and cleverness before com-
mon sense;from treatingpatients as cases and
from making the cure of the disease more
grievous than the endurance of the same,
good Lord, deliver us.
- The Library of Sir Robert Hutchison
(1871-1960)
The "pharmacy" or "drugstore" is an inte-
gral part of any healing art including the home
"practice." Our home "practice" has two doc-
tors so this presents advantages and disadvan-
tages. The advantages are that it is easy to get
a "second opinion" (another viewpoint on
diagnosis or treatment) and we have two
widely differing specialties. The disadvan-
tages are we don't always agree on the "phar-
macy" inventory so the costs can be double.
The philosophy of the "pharmacy"
should be to have an "eclectic" selection of
supplies" and "dnigs" (medicines) without
having bought things that you will never use
or are not potentially useful (i.e., specialized
dmgs or equipment for diseases no one in
your family has).
I have found a large variety of file boxes
(for prescriptions), log books (for inventory)
and equipment (pill counting trays, mortar
and pestle, blenders, etc.) at estate and garage
sales that are useful in the home "pharmacy."
The personalcomputer is an invaluable "phar-
macy" tool for storing inventories, storing
names and phone numbers of "suppliers"
(sources of medications and drugs); be sure to
include Pharmaceutical International as a
source of none FDA approved medications
available on a mail order basis - phone 1-800-
755-4656.
One of the more interesting pieces of
pharmacy furniture I have ever seen was a
Chinese herb cabinet with 100 drawers forraw
herbs, pills and capsules. If you are unable to
find one of these wonderful cabinets immedi-
ately, a set of shelves with stack types of plastic
storage bins will work for systematically stor-
ing medications. General categories of "dmgs"
should be available and again we prefer an
"eclectic" pharmacy that would contain sev-
eral approaches for the same purpose. Lock
your pharmacy to secure it from children!!
Pain killers -
Topical: DMSO, H202, pain gels
benzocaine: sunburn/
wound spray
herbs: demulcents, aconite,
aloe vera, camphor, eucalyptus
Oral: Tylenol caplets
tylenol-3
70
aspirin
Advil
herbs: aconite, arnica
chamomile, comfrey, etc.
homeopathics
Injection: procaine
xylocaine
acupuncture: needles,
pressure, "Acu-Spark"
Antibiotics -
Topical: neomycin ointment
hydrogen peroxide
"tamed" iodine soaps or
wipes
herbs: goldenseal, garlic
Oral: liquid: penicillin
tablets/capsules: tetracycline
herbs: echinacia, goldenseal
garlic
hydrogen peroxide
Injection: penicillin
tetracycline
Vitamins and minerals are the backbone
of any home pharmacy - they are both your
"preventive medicine" and your "therapeutic"
food supplements. Food supplements at RDA
levels are better than nothing but will not
prevent serious disease (i.e., arthritis,
osteoporosis, arteriosclerosis, senile dementia,
muscular dystrophy, cystic fibrosis, pyorrhea,
heart attack, cancer, etc.).
"Preventive doses" of vitamin
andminerals are fairly well established (Table
8-1). These are considerably higher than
RDAs but not in the "megavitamin" range.
There are excellent supplements available
that can provide these levels without taking 25
tablets per meal.
"Megavitamin" levels of vitamins and
minerals are used in extraordinary situations
when your body requires large amounts of
raw material to restore and replenish over-
worked organs and tissues (you do this for
your car and air conditioning filters - why not
your own body!!!). When indicated,
"megavitamin" doses will be suggested for
specific diseases and syndromes and ideally
your mineral supplements will be from a plant
derived colloidal mineral source which are 98
% absorbable (Chapter 10 - materia medica).
Homeopathic "remedies," Scheussler
Cell Salts, Bach Flower "remedies," etc. can be
kept in the "pharmacy" if you are going to
spend the time and effort necessary to become
proficient at their use - there is no value in
purchasing medications or treatment equip-
ment that you are not going to use.
Syrup of Ipecac can be used as an
"expectorant" at the dose of 0.5 ml orally or as
an "emetic" at 15-30 ml (1/2-1 tbsp.) to remove
ingested poisons - follow with large volumes
of water. (CAUTION: DO NOT CAUSE VOM-
ITING FOR INGESTED CORROSIVES.)
Adrenalin should be available for shock
(sudden allergic reaction to bee sting, food
allergies, asthma, etc.) in the form of a bee
sting kit - these are available at any commer-
cial pharmacy.
ACE (adrenal cortical extract) sublin-
gual drops does wonders for any kind ofstress
(i.e., family problems, work deadlines,chronic
disease processes, final exams, etc.).
Oxygen in the form of a 30 minute
supply (home tank) can save your, or another
family member's or neighbor's life in case of an
electric shock (stop breathing), drowning,
asthma or heart attack.
Ammoniavials (smelling salts) are good
for fainting or dizziness from a right cross.
Disposable supplies (i.e., bandages, lu-
bricant jelly, gauze "sponges," cleansing wipes,
"butterfly" bandages, gloves, syringes, needles,
71
sutures, etc.) can be kept in quantities based
on your family's size, lifestyle, and needs.
Cough medicines: You can use com-
mercial nighttime cough medicines
for much needed rest and use herbal "rem-
edies" during the day or you can use steam
with eucalyptus oil. you can use some very
effective herbs day and night such as comfrey,
garlic, licorice, ephedra, mullein.
Lastly, don't repeat the mistakes of the
"orthodox" physician by "prescribing" too
many medications -constant reevaluation will
prevent this!!!
72
FIG. 8-1 : Base Line Nutritional Supplement Program For Adults*
Nutrient RDA True Supplement 30-Day Pharma-
Need cologic Daily Dose
BIOTIN 200 mcg 200 mcg 500 to 3,000 mcg
CALCIUM 800 mg 2,000 mg 2,000 to 5,000 mg
CHLORIDE 1,700 mg 2,500 mg 500 to 2,500 mg
CHOLINE 150 mg 600 mg 500 to 1,000 mg
CHROMIUM 50 mcg 200 mcg 300 to 600 mcg
COPPER 2 mg 3 to 4 mg 4 to 6 mg
FLUORIDE 1.5 mg 1.5 mg 20 mg **
FOLIC ACID 400 mcg 1,000 mcg 15 to 20 mg
INOSITOL 75 mg 90 mg 500 to 2,000 mg
IODINE 150 mcg 250 mcg 1,000 mcg
IRON 18 mg 45 mg 50 to 100 mg
MAGNESIUM 350 mg 1,000 mg 1,000 mg
MANGANESE 2.5 mg 5 mg 2 to 50 mg
MOLYBDENUM 15 mcg 500 mcg 1,000 mcg
NIACIN 18 mg 50 mg 2,000 to 6,000 mg
(time release)
PANTOTHENIC ACID ...4 mg 50 mg 300 to 1,000 mg
per day
PHOSPHORUS 800 mg 0.0 0.0
POTASSIUM 1,875 mg 5,500 mg 5,500 mg
PYRIDOXINE 2.2 mg 50 mg 200 to 500 mg
RIBOFLAVIN 1.6 mg 50 mg 200 to 500 mg
SELENIUM ? 200 mcg 500 to 3,000 mcg
SODIUM 1,100 mg 3,300 mg 300 to 3,000 mg
SULPHUR ? 500 mg 1,000 mg
THIAMINE 1.4 mg 50 mg 200 to 500 mg
TIN ? 500 mcg 1000 mcg
VANADIUM ? 500 mcg 2 - 5 mg
VITAMIN A 5,000 IU 20,000 IU - 300,000 IU
(beta carotene)
VITAMIN B-12 3 mcg 200 mcg 1,000 mcg
VITAMIN C 60 mg 1,000 mg 10,000 mg
VITAMIN D 400 IU 275 IU 1,000 IU
VITAMIN E 15 IU 400 IU 1,200 IU
VITAMIN K 70 mcg 140 mcg 140 mcg
ZINC 15 mg 25 mg 150 mg
* The most efficient way to get mineral supplements is in the plant derived colloidal liquid form.
** Use this level only with a prescription for osteoporosis.
73
Chapter 9
OB/GYN
"The knife is dangemus in the hand of the
wise, let alone in the hand of thefool.
Hebrew Proverb
Contrary to the "orthodox" OB/GYN
teaching and general medical thought, preg-
nancy is a normal biological process and not
a disease!! The hospitalization of women for
the delivery of babies is rarely necessary (i.e.,
Rh, placenta previa, etc.) for safety purposes;
this mania for having babies in the hospital
was dreamt up by the "orthodox" OB/GYN so
that they would avoid the "waste" oftime at the
mother-to-be's house and, therefore, see more
patients in a day. This process has been taken
to the extreme in modem times where the OB/
GYN has his office across the parking lot from
the hospital, the "patient" is monitored by
nurses until the "moment of tnith" (dilation of
the cervix to 10 cm); the OB/GYN is then
called on his beeper and he runs across the
parking lot from his busy office (like OJ in the
Hertz TV ads) to "catch" the baby then turn it
over to pediatrician within minutes of birth
and run back across the parking lot to his
office to plug more "cows" (that's their term,
folks!) into the parlor. So for 15 to 30 minutes
of watching a normal event, he gets $1,000!!!
If the above scenario was the only trans-
gression we could chalk it off to overconcem
for their patient;however, a critical look at
statistics reveals the true nature of the "ortho-
dox" OB/GYN!! If the poor lady is having her
first baby (first labor is normally an 18 to 24
hour process) and without the council of her
mother or grandmother, she will do anything
to stop the discomfort of the contractions,
anything!! She is an easy mark for a salesman
in a white coat and green "scrubs" who wants
to get back to his office, dinner party, or get
away for the ski weekend!!!. He will say, "it's
in the best interest of the baby to have a
caesarian section at this time as extended
labor (longer than six hours in their book) can
exhaust the baby. " This fact is borne out by the
fact that 35% of all hospital births are delivered
by C-section today!!!
The 35% statistic says that either fully
one third of our American women are abnor-
mal and can't have a God-designed vaginal
birth or that the OB/GYN "specialists" have
found a new "fraud" that they can "hoodwink"
the patient and insurance company with to
max out their income for time expended (kind
of like taking out your normal appendix when
you go into the hospital for a checkup). As an
74
ND in practice in Oregon, I delivered some
200 babies at home and referred one to a
hospital for a C-section (that's 0.5% — maybe
veterinarians know something that the human
OB/GYN doesn't!!!) Lastly, to keep the cash
flow up, the "orthodox" OB/GYN deems by
fiat that all following babies "must be deliv-
ered by C-section because of the weakened
uterine wall."
Home births are the best way to save
money, bring the family together and save
yours and your baby's life. More infections
occur in the newborn and in women during
postdelivery in the hospital than at home!! It
has been this way since time immemorial.
Today, the United States is listed as 23rd in
newborn mortality and first year survival rate
compared with other industrialized nations by
the WHO!!! Of the 183,955 newborns deliv-
ered at the Vienna Children's Hospital by
"orthodox" doctors between 1774 and 1836,
80% died compared with 5% mortality in those
delivered by midwives during the same time
period!!
This spectacular statistic was recorded
by a young doctor (Semmelwise) who noted
that die "orthodox" doctors simply didn't have
the courtesy to wash their "God-like" hands
between leaving the autopsy room and deliv-
ering babies. The midwives on die other hand
had the basic decency to wash their hands
before delivering babies. Was Semmelwise
honored for this awesome discovery? No!! He
was committed to an insane asylum by his
"colleagues" where he mysteriously died!!!
You can do your own breast self-exami-
nation, take advantage of free or reduced fee
mammograms offered by hospitals (women
you nger than 40 shou Id consider the increased
risk of breast cancer), self-internal examina-
tion (vaginal and cervix), keep track of your
cycles and periods. It is important to perform
these examinations monthly so you will im-
mediately recognize any abnormal change.
Birth control (i.e. , condoms, spennicidal
creams, jellies, and foams,sponges, etc.) can
be obtained OTC (over the counter) from
pharmacies and grocery stores (next they will
show up at McDonald's) without a prescrip-
tion from the "orthodox" doctor. These forms
of contraception are a lot safer than IUDs (i.e.,
Delcon Shield) and birth control pills (i.e.,
deaths, blood clots, sterility).
Pregnancy is easily diagnosed at home
with any of the numerous HPT kits (Home
Pregnancy Test) that can be purchased from
the pharmacy or grocery store, as can prenatal
vitamins (you should be on vitamins and
minerals (i.e., baseline nutrition supplement
program) if you are sexually active to prevent
birth defects). Preconception supplements
and prenatal supplements are cheap "insur-
ance" against the tragedy and human miseiy
brought about by birth defects.
You can weigh yourself, take your own
blood, take your own blood pressure, test
your own urine. The public health lab will run
your blood test for Rh, anemia, toxoplasmosis,
etc. Take a LaMaze class to understand preg-
nancy and labor ("orthodox" OB/GYNs don't
like these classes because they can't sell you a
C-section when you are informed!!)
You can go to a hospital or university
and ask for an ultrasound exam to determine
the location of the placenta and the actual age
of your baby (and rule out twins).
Except for twins, placenta previa, pelvic
deformity or Rh problems, you can have your
baby at home.
Weight gains from 28 to 40 pounds is
normal for a pregnancy and is the additive
weight of the baby, the placenta, the fluid
surrounding the baby and the fetal mem-
branes. Sudden weight gains of ten or more
pounds after the 20th week of pregnancy can
harold toxemia of pregnancy; the weight gain
is the result of low blood protein which causes
fluid retention (this is usuallythe result of low
75
protein diets to keep the OB/GYN happy
about weight gain). Increasing the protein
intake to 120 to 200 gms per day (animal
protein) will solve the problem.
You are now armed with enough data to
decide if you want to have a home birth. If you
choose a home birth, contact an ND
(naturopathic physician), a chiropractor (state
of Oregon) or a midwife for assistance.
Birth defects are our "pet peeve." If you
are a sexually active woman and have been
visiting an "orthodox" OB/GYN for three
months, he should have prescribed a baseline
nutritional supplement program for you to
prevent birth defects; if not and you have had
a child with a birth defect or low birth weight
requiring expensive intensive care, you are
within your rights to sue them for malpractice.
In a review of causes of birth defects, 98% are
known to be caused by nutritional deficien-
cies (i.e., cystic fibrosis, muscular dystrophy,
heart defects,brain defects, spina bifida, cleft
palates or limb defects, hernia, etc.); radia-
tion, by contrast, causes less than 0.10% of the
total birth defects since most pregnant women
know to avoid x-rays during early pregnancy;
teenagers have a bigger percentage of chil-
dren with birth defects than do women over
40 because of generally poor eating habits,
lack of supplementation programs and com-
petition from their own critical demands for
nutrients during the rapid growth and devel-
opment of early puberty.
Literally billions of dollars have been
spent perfecting preconception and
pregnancy rations for laboratory, pet and
agricultural animals that have totally elimi-
nated birth defects. These pelleted diets pro-
vide perfect nutrition with every mouthful and
totally prevent birth defects; these diets were
formulated so testing on drugs would reveal
any teratogenic effect (i.e., thalidomide disas-
ter) of the drug. Again, why should a labora-
tory rat get treated better than our pregnant
women? Again, a whole medical specialty of
"orthodox" pediatrics would get wiped out so
you know the answer!!!!
Specific examples of serious birth de-
fects that can be prevented include "cystic
fibrosis" which is billed by the "orthodox"
doctors as the "most common genetic defect"
known to man for the last 40 years. In reality,
"cystic fibrosis" is a selenium and fatty acid
deficiency in the fetus and/or newborn
breastfed infant. Maternal malabsorption of
selenium from subclinical celiac disease is the
initiating cause of selenium deficiency in the
fetus.
Selenium deficiency in the fetus and
newborn produces the classic "cystic fibrosis"
lesions of the pancreas. "Cystic fibrosis" pa-
tients are born with normal lungs and have a
negative "sweat test" at birth. Over the first few
months of life, the infant develops a "positive
sweat test" as they loose the essential fatty
acids given to them by their mother as a fetus.
The "sweat test" is a test put forth in 1958
by Dr. Paul de St. Agnese of NIH as "the
diagnostic test for CF" (even though he knew
at that time that a "positive sweat test" was also
given by eight other diseases -i.e., celiac dis-
ease, allergies, starvation, etc.).
In 1958, Dr. Klaus Schwartz reported in
the Federation Proceedings (the official NIH
Journal) that selenium was an essential nutri-
ent; being a good German scientist, he re-
corded all tissue changes of selenium defi-
ciency including classical changes of CF (this
was a blind study as he knew nothing about
CF) in the pancreas of test rats and mice.
In 1972, Cornell University showed that
chicks hatched from selenium deficient hens
developed classical "cystic fibrosis" of
thepancreas (again they knew nothing of CF
and were only studying selenium deficiency).
The most amazing part of this experiment was
that when selenium was given within 30 days
of hatching the CF was totally cured within 21
76
days!!!!
In 1978, 1 (Wallach) discovered the first
agreed upon CF in nonhumans; the test ani-
mals were NASA monkeys; the diagnosis was
agreed to by experts from Johns Hopkins
Medical School, Emory University and the CF
Foundation!!!! Once they realized that this
wasn't a genetic accident but CF was a
recreatable selenium deficiency, they fired me
with 24 hours' notice, 10 days after my wife
had died. Dr. Paul de St. Agnese stated that "if
anything important was to be discovered on
CF, it would be in his NIH laboratory."
Since 1978, we have treated 450 CF
patients with excellent results; we have essen-
tially cured infants three months old who
started on die program (they are 12 years old
today) and have helped CF women have
healthy pregnancies and normal babies!
Additional evidence that CF is a birth
defect caused by a selenium deficiency is the
results of a joint research project carried out by
ourselves and research scientists from the
People's Republic of China. The study was
carried out with Dr. Yu, Wei Han and Dr. Yu,
Feng Teng of Harbin Medical University and
Dr. Gu, Bo-Qi of Shanghai First Medical Uni-
versity of Shanghai.
We examined the tissue of 1700 Chinese
children that died of Keshan Disease (a fatal
heart fibrosis of children recognized by the
WHO as a selenium deficiency disease). We
reasoned that if CF was truly a selenium defi-
ciency disease, we would find at least one
classic CF pancreas in a group that size (the
proponents of the genetic theory posailate the
CF"gene" is found in 1/2500 people -in addi-
tion CF is supposed to be a"genetic" disease of
people with "middle European" backgrounds).
In fact, we found that 595 or 35% had classical
CF lesions of the pancreas -obviously highly
significant!!! In a review of over 400 CF autop-
sies, 79 had Keshan Disease of the heart!!!
The most critical question has been why
do some mothers get selenium deficiencies
when the American diet is rich in selenium
(even in selenium deficient soil areas because
of widespread food importation). The answer
is quite simple. Food allergies cause celiac
disease type changes in the absorptive surface
of the gut of the mother and the fetus which
results in a malabsorption syndrome. Not only
does this malabsorption syndrome cause CF
but other defects as well. Breastfeeding by a
selenium deficient mother further aggravates
the infant's selenium deficiency.
General public distribution of the fact
that maternal malabsorption syndromes, food
allergies (i.e., celiac disease) and nutritional
deficiencies result in birth defects and that
good nutritional supplementation and forth-
right aggressive treatment of food allergies
will never be put forth by the "orthodox" OB/
GYN or pediatricians. Remember Dr. Author
F. Coco (creator of the pulse test) lamented "I
am a realist, as long as the profit is in the
treatment ofsymptoms rather than a search for
causes; that's where the medical profession
will go for its harvest." It's our contention that
a class action suit should be brought against
the perpetrators of this crime by all families
with CF children born after 1958. (Ifthis seems
a bit harsh to you, consider that the AMA and
individual state medical boards try to totally
get rid of chiropractic of naturopathy in their
state if one person is injured by an individual
scoundrel).
Infertility is another common problem
in Americans that is primarilya nutritional prob-
lem. Why can a farmer have 100 cows, 100
pregnancies and 100 normal calves. We have
successfully tested literally hundreds of cases
of infertility with nutritional revitalization of
both the husband and the wife. Farmers have
known the basic "truth" that the mare to be put
with the stallion has to be fed special foods for
90 to 120 days prior to the actual breeding
process. How can we expect conceptions in
77
women with poor nutrition, no supplementa-
tion or malabsorption syndromes.
At a recent convention, I met a young
female "orthodox" doctor who had been try-
ing for a pregnancy for years with no success.
In reviewing her lab work, we found her
blood vitamin A level at 10% of normal de-
spite supplementation - a classic case of mal-
absorption. You know the rest -rotation diets,
find out what food allergies she has, consider
celiac disease, and supplementation (1 20 days
- BINGO!! A pregnancy!!)
78
PREGNANCY TABLE
Find the dale ol me lirst day ol the last menstrual period in Ihe lop line and
the dale below this will be Ihe expected day ol delivery
Jan.
Chapter 10
Materia Medica
"Ifirmly believe that if the entire materia
medica as now used would be sunk to the
bottom of the sea, it would be all the better
for mankind - and all the worsefor the
fishes.
- Oliver Wendell Holmes
The best part about "playing doctor" is
the actual "treatment" of yourself or others. As
with everything, "when all else fails — read the
directions." It is recommended that you read
and learn the preceding chapters before em-
barking on this section (otherwise you might
wind up like the "orthodox" doctor).
It was said by Ben Franklin that "an oz. of
prevention is worth a pound of cure" so this
chapter is designed to give preventative pro-
grams as well as therapies. We often hear our
patients say "I just can't take all ofthese supple-
ments and medications!!! " to which we reply"
taking supplements is a small exchange, cheap
insurance if you will, in return for the preven-
tion of a major disease such as heart disease,
arthritis, or cancer." We go to a great deal of
expense and effort to prevent major automo-
bile wear by changing oil, filters and transmis-
sion fluid - why not treat our bodies as well as
we do our "beamer" (BMW). Preventive main-
tenance of our bodies can cost as little as $1 to
$ 5 per day depending on whether you want a
$10,000 or $50,000 "insurance" policy (smok-
ing and drinking cost considerably more!!!).
A baseline of vitamins and minerals are
essential to preventive health programs; it is
impossible to obtain enough nutrition from
our food to reach the maximum genetic po-
tential of 130 health-filled years. Therefore,
we recommend taking supplements at pre-
ventive levels (Fig. 8-1) in divided doses t.i.d.
(three times per day) to keep blood levels
elevated for at least 12 hours per day. All
recommended supplemental levels of nutri-
ents for specific diseases are to be taken in
addition to the base prevention amounts.
References for this book, including those
for this chapter, will be found at the end for
two reasons: 1) to prevent the book from
being so large you couldn't carry it and 2) keep
the cost down - one reason medical books
cost $120 is that there are more pages of
references than there are pages of facts and
"how to" information. The information in this
book represents five college degrees -a total of
24 years of college - and 50 years of combined
research and clinical experience. In addition,
no less than 200 books have been "predi-
gested" for you in hopes of saving you time
and expense. Thosewho wish to spend the
time and effort to follow up one or more points
80
in more detail will be able to do so with some
ease as we have chosen a few books that are
comprehensive reviews (from there you can
go to thousands of journal articles if you so
desire).
A last bit of advice is to avoid problems
in diagnosis and treatment by spending some
time confirming your "diagnosis" and review-
ing the "treatments" - don't become like the
"orthodox" doctors and "shoot from the hip" in
a trial and enor type of "practice." Now armed
with all this information, we are in a position
to take back control of our own health. Let the
revolution begin!!!!
LETS PLAY DOCTOR!!!
ABRASIONS (scrapes): clean wounds with
soap and water to remove gross dirt and
debris. Disinfect wounds with H202 (hydro-
gen peroxide). Wounds may be bathed in a
variety of herbal washes or poultice - our
choice is aloe, plantain (Plantago major) or
comfrey (Symphytum officinale). Vitamin C
orally to bowel tolerance (anywhere from 1-5
grams). Covering abrasions with nonstick
dressings will help prevent infection.
ABSCESS (boil): bring abscess to "a head" (a
soft point in the center) with a compress or
poultice (sitz bath if near the anus or buttock)
using a 3% solution of boric acid; herbal alter-
natives include echinacea (Echinacea
angustifolia) or sand sagebrush (Artemisia
fififolia). Once the abscess opens (by itself or
with a sterile needle or blade) it can be flushed
clean using a syringe filled with any of the
above solutions. If large enough, the resulting
cavity can be filled with gauze (umbilical
"tape" is particularly good for this purpose)
soaked with any of the abovesolutions. If the
abscess cavity contains bits of puss or dead
tissue, it can be flushed with H202. The cavity
will gradually fill with "granulation tissue"
leaving no trace of the cavity. Vitamin C orally
to bowel tolerance.
ABSENCE ATTACKS (petit mal): patient
stops what he is doing and rapidly blinks eyes
then starts the activity again where he left off.
Treatment should include choline 4 gm/day;
taurine 500 mg t.i.d.; dimethyl glycine 100 mg
b.i.d., phosphytidyl choline and B-6 100-300
mg/day.
ACHALASIA (megaesophagus): enervation
of the esophagus resulting in failure of cardiac
(lower sphincter) sphincter to open. A ten-
dency to regurgitate undigested food is a
common sign. Small liquid meals and air
swallowing can sometimes relieve this condi-
tion. Night time elevation of head of the bed
will reduce risk of vomiting while asleep.
Surgery may be required to relieve severe
cases.
ACHLORHYDRIA (loss of stomach acid):
contrary to belief stress will result in loss of
stomach acid production. Achlorhydria is also
a natural process of aging (perhaps the most
significant aging phenomenon) so much so
that 75% of people over the age of 50 years
require supplementation. Symptoms include
"burp/belch and bloat" because the absence
of acid in the stomach allows intestinal bacte-
ria and yeast (Candida albicans) to enter the
stomach and ferment high carbohydrate foods
(i.e. juice, fruit, breads, etc.). Failure to deal
with achlorhydria will result in B-12, calcium
and protein deficiencies and the onset of new
food allergies as a result of absorption of
partially digested polypeptides (relatively large
protein fragments).
Treatment includes supplementation of
betaine HC1 at the rate of 75-250 mg 15-20
minutes before each meal. In the absence of
betaine HCl 1-2 oz. of vinegar with English
81
bitters (Gentian) may be taken before meals.
Additionally, plant derived colloidal minerals
tonify the stomach and increase its ability to
produce stomach acid.
ACNE (acne rosacea/acne vulgaris): a fre-
quent skin disease in teenagers and some-
times associated with PMS. Acne is character-
ized by papules, pustules, superficial puss-
filled cysts and deep puss-filled canals. Acne
is primarily the result of an essential fatty acid
deficiency with a concurrent intake of too
much saturated fat. Eliminate fast foods and
other sources of fat and sugar. Check out the
probability of food allergies (i.e., wheat, milk,
soy); betaine HC1 and pancreatic enzymes are
of considerable benefit; essential fatty acids
are a must (flaxseed oil - 1 tbsp. b.i.d.); vitamin
A 300,000 units/day (as beta carotene) for five
months; B-6 100 mg t.i.d.; zinc 50 mg t.i.d.;
vitamin E oil may be applied topically to acne
lesions; ultra violet light directly to areas of
acne for 1-6 minutes.
ADRENAL GLAND EXHAUSTION (stress):
characterized by fatigue and inability to cope
with diseases or every day stresses. Adrenal
exhaustion directly affects your ability to resist
disease or heal a current disease. An adrenal
function test can be performed in the follow-
ing manner. Take base blood pressure in a
lying down position after five minutes then
stand up suddenly-pulse should increase by a
minimum of ten points; if not, your adrenals
need help. Concurrent signs and symptoms
may include colitis, ulcers and low WBC count.
Treatment ofadrenal exhaustion includes ACE
(adrenal cortical extract) ten drops of a stan-
dard solution sublingually or 3-5 ml IV; vita-
min C to bowel tolerance; and zinc 25-50 mg
t.i.d. Don't forget to remove the stress.
AGREEABLE ATTLTUDE: usually a disagree-
able attitude is the result of food allergies or
hypoglycemia (some-times from poor train-
ing while growing up!); if so these must be
dealt with specifically.
Treatment should include plantain (Plantago
lanceolata) orally t.i.d., avoidance of sugar in
all forms (i.e., alcohol, deserts, sugar, juices,
fruits, etc.), avoidance of caffeine; essential
fatty acids 1 tbsp. b.i.d., chromium and vana-
dium at 50-100 mcg each t.i.d.
AIDS (autoimmune deficiency syn-drome):
thought to be caused by the HIV virus. This
disease may lay dormant for three to ten years
before causing overt symptoms and death.
Signs are very low WBC counts especially T-
cells; coughing and susceptibility to a variety
of diseases including Pneumo-cystis carnii
pneumonia, Karposi's Sarcoma and a variety
of secondary bacterial and viral infections.
This disease is transmitted by oral, vaginal and
anal sex, common needles used for IV drugs,
contaminated hospital and dental equipment,
commercially prepared blood products, and
immunotoxic lubricants.
At this point (1992) prevention is the "magic
bullet" for AIDS. Avoid IV "recreational drugs,"
use unlubricated condoms for sex with part-
ners with unknown sexual histories. Avoid
anal sex. Once AIDS is contracted, a vigorous
program ofanti-viral medicationsO.e., Ribavirin
and Isoprinosin) and immune support
(Levamisol , hydrazine sulfate) are indicated.
Vitamin C to bowel tolerance, 300,000 IU of
vitamin A per day as beta carotene, 50 mg zinc
t.i.d., ACE (adrenal cortical extract) 10 drops
t.i.d. sublingual, selenium 1000 mcg/day orally
or by injection,vitamin E 1000 IU/day, herbs
such as garlic (Allium sativum), evening prim-
rose oil (Oenothera biennis) and goldenseal
(Hydrastis canadensis) may be ofvalue. Long-
term remission can be expected but "cure" is
82
not available. An unknown in this protocol is
Levamisol which may be the immune modu-
lator that everyone is looking for. Injectable
thymus monthly at 3-5 cc after four initial daily
injections of 3-5 cc.
ALCOHOLISM: considered to be an addic-
tive allergy complicated by hypoglycemia and
vitamin/mineral malnutrition. Rotation elimi-
nation diets and hypoglycemia diets are es-
sential. Don't forget the baseline vitamin/min-
eral supplements. Calcium (2000 mg) and
magnesium (1000 mg) per day; essential fatty
acids 5 mg t.i.d. and B-6 100 mg b.i.d.; chro-
mium 250 mcg/day is essential to solve the
hypoglycemia problem; bioflavonoids (cat-
echin) 1 gram/day and amino acids (i.e., DL-
phenylananine).
ALLERGIES: can be caused by food, inhalant
allergens (i.e., pollens, smoke, molds, etc.) or
chemicals (i.e. , perfume, formalin, etc.). Diag-
nosis can be made using the pulse test, diet
diary/ challenge and cytotoxic test. Symptoms
vary widely from urticaria (skin rash with
itching) from strawberries or fish; headaches
from perfume; tachycardia (fast heart rate) or
palpitations (most allergies-MSG); or para-
noia from sugar, etc; asthma-like syndrome
from sulfite (food preservative on raisins, apri-
cots, etc.).
Avoidance is the most effective "cure," how-
ever, this may be impractical. Autoimmune
urine therapy using five to ten ml of filtered
urine subcutaneously every other day for five
to eight treatments) using a 0.22 micron
millipore filter. Vitamin C to boweltolerance;
bioflavonoids (rutin, catechin, quercetin);
300,000 IU of vitamin A as beta carotene per
day; zinc 50 mg t.i.d., essential fatty acids 1
tbsp. b.i.d., rotation diets.
ALLERGIC SHINERS: are the purplish/ black
discolorations under the lower eyelids of indi-
viduals with allergies. They will appear within
minutes of ingestion or inhalation of an aller-
gen. Allergic shiners may take as much as 12
hours to three days to disappear after avoid-
ance of allergenic substance. Allergic shiners
are a good diagnostic tool (i.e. , allergic shiners
in a hyperactive child, heart disease, cancer,
etc.). Avoidance of the allergen or allergens is
the only "cure" for allergic shiners.
ALZHEIMERS DISEASE: is the progressive
loss of memory with difficulties with arousal
and motor function presenting late in the
disease. Avoid aluminum cook ware, alumi-
num containing deodorants, softdrinks and
fruit juices in aluminum cans. Treatment
should include germanium IM 5 ml of stan-
dard solution every other day for 24 days
followed by oral germanium at 150 mg b.i.d.;
hydergine 6-12 mg/day; piracetam/choline
1.6 grams q.i.d.; vasopressin (Diapid) at a rate
of one whiff in each nostril q.i.d. which deliv-
ers a total daily dose of 12-16 units of U.S.P.
Posterior Pituitary; centrophenoxine (Lucidril)
6.2-8.0 gram/day. Lecithin at 2,500 mg t.i.d. is
very useful at all stages (phosphatydil choline
is more efficient). Don't forget the baseline
nutritional supplements ( including colloidal
minerals), betaine HC1 and pancreatic en-
zymes 75-200 mg t.i.d., oral andIVH202; 200
mg vitamin B-l t.i.d., vitamin E at 1200 iu daily
and IV chelation will be of value.
ALOPECIA (baldness): loss of hair which can
occur locally or present as total hair loss. Male
pattern baldness,female pattern baldness and
alopecia universalis are examples.
Monoxidil and Retin-A creams will aid some
male and female pattern baldness if treated
early in the process and use is maitained.
Deficiencies of colloidal tin have been shown
to cause male pattern baldness in lab animals
83
(one ofus - Wallach- has had considerable hair
regrowth following the use of plant derived
liquid colloidal tin) . Alopecia that occurs with
eczema is often caused by essential fatty acid
deficiency and will respond to IV interlipids
and/ or oral flaxseed oil at the rate of 1 tbsp.
b.i.d.; zinc at 50 mg t.i.d. Elimination of wheat
and cow's milk from the diet will increase the
rate of recovery. Betaine HC1 and pancreatic
enzymes at 75-200 mg t.i.d. 15-20 minutes
before meals are a must.
AMBLYOPIA: atypeofblindnessthatcanbe
caused by B-12 deficiency or tobacco smok-
ing. B-12 IM at a rate of 1000 mcg/day for a
total of 20,000 mcg usually effects a "cure."
Avoid tobacco smoke.
AMEBIASIS: is an amoebic dysentery caused
by Entamoeba hystolytica. Diagnosis is de-
pendent upon finding the parasite in a stool
examination. Examination of3-6 samples may
be necessary to find the organisms especially
if diarrhea has been chronic. The use of the
low power lens on the microscope will often
allow you to observe the "amoebic" move-
ment; bloody mucus has the highest concen-
tration of the parasite.
Treatment should be symptomatic to relieve
diarrhea and reduce the loss of protein and
electrolytes. Metronidazole at the rate of 750
mg orally t.i.d. for 10 days for adults and 12-17
mg/day t.i.d. orally for children is the treat-
ment of choice.
AMENORRHEA: is the lack of, or stopping of,
the menstrual period. Many factors are in-
volved in a normal "period" including the
requirement of a 20% body fat level (trim
athletes and very slim ladies stop cycling).
Amenorrhea commonly occurs in very slim
women athletes, dieters and anorexics, a
weight gain of 10-15 pounds will "jump-start"
the cycle and a "period" will result. In many
cases, increased levels of zinc at a rate of 50 mg
t.i.d. will result in onset of the "period." Essen-
tial fatty acids are very useful in the form of
flaxseed oil at the rate of 1 tbsp. t.i.d. Herbal
stimulus can be effected with saffron (Crocus
sativus) as a tea, black cohosh or squawroot
(Cimicifuga racemosa) as a fluid extract and
marigold (Calendula officinalis).
ANAPHYLAXIS: is an explosive allergic reac-
tion ranging from urticaria to respiratory dis-
tress and vascular collapse. This "shock" type
of reaction can occur as the result of allergies
to foods (i.e., shellfish), insect stings (i.e., bee
stings) or drugs (i.e., penicillin) and usually
occurs in 1-15 minutes after exposure. Avoid-
ance of exposure is the best preventative.
Immediate injection with adrenaline (epineph-
rine) from a "bee sting" kit is the treatment of
choice and, in many cases, will be lifesaving.
ANAL ABSCESS: and anal fissures are caused
by constipation and frequent passage of large
hard stools; they may occur at the same time
with hemorrhoids. Painful red swellings at or
near the anal opening are characteristic. These
may be opened with a blade or by soaking in
hot sitz baths of 3% boric acid. A poultice of
echinacea (Echinacea angustifolia) may be
applied directly to the abscess to disinfect and
help to bring it to a "point" so it can be opened.
Flushing the opened abscess with 3% H202
will clean out the puss and disinfect the wou nd.
ANEMIA: is a lack of blood from many
possible causes including hemonhage, infec-
tions and/or nutritional deficiencies. Betaine
HC1 orally at 75-200 mg t.i.d. 15-20 minutes
before meals is required to assure absorption
of B-12; liver extract orally or IM; nutritional
support with iron 20 mg; B-12 1000 mcg per
day for 20 days; folic acid 15 mg for 20 days;
84
copper 2 mg; zinc 50 mg t.i.d.; B-2 50 mgb.i.d.;
B-5 50 mg t.i.d.; B-6 50 mg b.i.d. for 20 days;
vitamin C to bowel tolerance; Vitamin E 800-
1200 IU per day; selenium 500 mcg/day; and
essential fatty acids at a rate of 5 gram t.i.d.
Herbs including sweet cicely (Mymhis odorata)
and marsh marigold (Coltha palustris).
ANEURYSM: is a "bubble" or "balloon" in the
wall of an artery (much like a "balloon" in a
weak tire) which can cause pressure on an
organ like a tumor or burst causing sudden
death by hemonhage (i.e., subdural hemor-
rhage). Aneurysms are most frequently caused
by copper deficiency which results in weak-
ened elastic fibers; copper supplementation
cannot "cure" or repair an aneurysm but can
prevent them at the rate of 2-4 mg/day (be sure
you are absorbing). Surgery will be required
for existing aneurysms ( we do have one aortic
anuerysm that has been conected with cop-
per supplementation and confirmed by x-ray)
ANGINA: is a sharp debilitating pain in the
center front of the chest from arterial disease in
the heart which reduces the heart's oxygen
supply. Symptoms may appear after strenu-
ous exercise or after a meal. The allopathic
approach is the "coronary by-pass" surgery
which after 20 years study has failed to prevent
second heart attacks or to extend life ( it does
extend the financial portfolio ofthe cardiovas-
cular surgeon!)
Chelation, either IV with H202 and calcium
EDTA or orally with vitamin/mineral supple-
ments can effect a cure over a period of time.
Avoid sugar, caffeine and cigarette smoke.
Exercise in the form of walking for 30 minutes
each day is very helpful. Calcium (2000 mg/
day) and magnesium(800 mg/day), essential
fatty acids can help prevent progress of cur-
rent disease and reduce vitamin D intake from
the sun and supplements. Nitroglycerine sub-
lingual capsules and time-release transdermal
patches are very useful in relieving symptoms.
English hawthorn (Crataegus oxyacantha) is
specific for angina by increasing the blood
flow through coronary arteries. Lifestyle
changes and supplementation can reverse
cardiovascular disease!
ANOREXIA (appetite loss): can be caused by
stress, malnutrition, shock and injury,
ANOREXIA NERVOSA is thought by "ortho-
dox" medicine to be a psychiatric disease,
however, it now appears that it is a manifesta-
tion of a severe food allergy (i.e. , "I always feel
better when I don't eat and feel bad when I
eat"). Elimination diets and pulse tests are
useful in finding the offending food (i.e. , cow's
milk, wheat, eggs, corn).
Treatment should include betaine HC1 and
pancreatic enzymes at a rate of 150-250 mg/
day t.i.d. (don't forget the baseline vitamin/
mineral supplement). Herbs are excellent
appetite stimulants: buckbean or marsh trefoil
(Menyanthes trifoliata); centaury (Centaurium
umbellatum); sweet flag or calamus (Acorus
calamus); yellow gentian (Gentiana lutea) -
all of the herbal preparations should be taken
before meals. In the case of ANOREXIA
NERVOSA, autoimmune urine therapy is indi-
cated.
ANOSMIA (loss of smell): can temporarily be
caused by colds or rhinitis (nasal inflamma-
tion from colds or allergy). Chronic loss of the
sense of smell is the result of a zinc deficiency.
In the case of injury, stroke or tumor, zinc will
not be effective.
Zinc supplement at the rate of 50 mg t.i.d. is
very effective in returning the sense of smell.
ANXIETY (panic attacks): affects women
twice as frequently as men. when one exam-
85
ines the total hormone biorhythm charts of
women, this fact cannot be a surprise. The
base cause can be either a food allergy reac-
tion (i.e., corn, cow's milk, etc.) or a severe
reactive hypoglycemic reaction often referred
to as a "crash and burn" curve because the
down slope on the glucose curve is almost
vertical. Concurrent PMS can make this a very
perplexing situation. Do a pulse test to elimi-
nate allergies and a six-hour GTT.
Treatment should include avoidance of caf-
feine and sugar in all forms (fruit, juices, etc.):
chromium 200-300 mcg/ day; B-6 100 mg
t.i.d.; B-3 450 mg t.i.d. as time-release tablets;
B-l,B-2, and B-5 at the rate of 50 mg t.i.d.; L-
tryptophan 10 grams t.i.d.; calcium 2000 mg/
day and magnesium at 800 mg/day. Betaine
HC1 100-250 t.i.d. before meals; herbs includ-
ing valerian (Valerian officinalis) can be of
value.
APHTHOUS STOMATITIS (canker sores): is
often a symptom of food sensitivities or aller-
gies. An elimination/ rotation diet or a pulse
test can identify the offending foods - gluten
free diets are frequently effective.
Folic acid at 5 mg t.i.d.; B-12 at 1000 mcg/day;
iron at 15 mg/day; zinc at 50 mg t.i.d. are
effective adjuncts to avoidance diets.
ARSENIC TOXICITY: is a frequent result of
pollution from herbicides, slug poisons, etc.
Hair analysis is the best way to determine if
toxic levels of arsenic are present. Symptoms
are widely varied and include: alopecia, con-
stipation, confusion, delayed healing
dermatitis, dianhea, drowsiness, edema, fa-
tigue, GI complaints, headache, burning and
tingling, muscle pain, neuropathy, numbness,
pruritis, seizures, stomatitis, weakness.
Avoid oils during treatment as they promote
absorption of arsenic; identify source of ar-
senic and eliminate it; IV chelation is very
effective in removing the body load of arsenic
as is the oral use of colloidal selenium.
ARTERIOSCLEROSIS (hardening of the ar-
teries) is the result of fibrosis of the smooth
muscle in the walls of elastic arteries (i.e.,
aorta, coronary, pulmonary, carotid,
cerebral,brachial and femoral). The elevated
"lesions" produce eddies which produce lipid
and calcium depositions. Elevated blood cho-
lesterol is considered to be a significant risk
factor. It is of interest that vitamin D is made
from cholesterol in our bodies!! This becomes
significant when we realize that the toxic
affect of vitamin D is angiotoxicity (the target
tissue ofvitamin D toxicity is the elastic arteries
vessels) and the specific result is fibrosis of the
vascular smooth muscle and calcification of
the blood vessel wall — fatty deposits soon
follow!!! It is a crime that the "orthodox"
doctors do not give this as much press cover-
age as heart transplants. Again this informa-
tion would wipe out a medical specialty, so
they keep it a secret!!!!
Symptoms of arteriosclerosis include angina,
headaches, loss of memory, breathlessness,
leg cramps ("claudication") in the early stages
and death from stroke and thrombotic type
"heart attack" in the final stages.
Treatment includes IV chelation with EDTA
and H202, oral chelation, oral supplementa-
tion with vitamin/mineral supplements that
include plant derived colloidal minerals. In
addition to the baseline nutritional supple-
ments, vitamin C to bowel tolerance; exercise
(to increase the caliber of your arteries); high
fiber diets that tend towards vegetarian diets
low in animal fat; essential fatty acids includ-
ing salmon oil and flaxseed oil 5 gm t.i.d.;
useful herbs include artichoke (Cynara
scolymus), bears garlic (Allium ursinum), Eu-
86
ropean mistletoe (Viscum album); and garlic
(Allium sativum).
ARTHRITIS (rheumatism): is a devastating degenerative disease of the joints. Symptoms of joint pain, swelling and deformative changes are typical. The cause of arthritis is listed as unknown by "orthodox" medicine and treatment is of the "take two aspirins and learn to live with it" - prednisone (a synthetic cortisone) is used to treat symptoms. In fact, arthritis is a complex of nutritional deficiencies - in the case of rheumatoid arthritis, a chronic infection with a Mycoplasma spp. is the overt cause. Again, if the truth were released the "orthodox" doctors would loose an entire specialty in short order, so they keep it a secret.
A dietary calcium/phosphorus ratio of 2:1 is ideal yet is impossible to attain in an unsupplemented diet. A vegetarian diet gets close but is complicated by "phytates" (a natural chelating substance found in plants) which makes even supplemented calcium unavailable. The calcium/phosphorus ratios of food items is consistent:
FOOD: CALCIUM: PHOSPHORUS
grain: 1: 8
red meat: 1: 12
organ meat (liver, kidney): 1: 44
fish: 1: 12
carbonated drinks: 1: 8
It is easily seen that none of the calcium/phosphorus ratios of the basic foods are anywhere near correct. These increase the calcium loss from the body including the bones and teeth. The more meat you eat, the more calcium supplementation you need; it is quite simple - veterinarians know this but we suppose that "orthodox" physicians believe that if a "truth" will wipe out a medical specialty, it must be ignored or kept a secret!!!
Treatment of arthritis should include calcium at 2000 mg/day and more if you eat meat two or three times per day; magnesium at 800-1000 mg/day; cartilage or chondroitin sulfate at 1000 mg t.i.d.; for rheumatoid arthritis, add tetracycline at 250 mg q.i.d. or H2O2 to deal with the Mycoplasma. IV chelation with EDTA and H2O2 is very helpful! Vitamin C to bowel tolerance, B-6 100 mg b.i.d.; B-3 450 mg b.i.d. as time-release capsules. Vitamin E at 1000 IU/day. Copper at 2 mg/day (may be absorbed from a copper bracelet); selenium 300 mcg/day; zinc 50 mg t.i.d.; plant derived colloidal minerals are 98% absorbable and give excellent results!
Rotation elimination diets can help when food allergies aggravate or precipitate symptoms. Autoimmune urine therapy is very useful for all types of arthritis especially those aggravated by food allergies. DMSO or pain gels are useful in reducing inflammation and pain when applied topically. Herbs including licorice (Glycyrrhiza glabra), poison ivy (Rhus toxicodendron) and alfalfa (powder or sprouts) are useful adjuncts to arthritis treatment programs.

ASTHMA: is a respiratory disease that is characterized by sudden onset with closure of bronchial tubes by spasmodic muscles. ATOPIC ASTHMA has eczema as a feature along with the respiratory disease. This is a disease of malabsorption with essential fatty acid deficiencies and deficiencies of manganese and magnesium.
Treatment should include betaine HCl, pancreatic enzymes and ox bile at 75-200 mg each t.i.d. before meals. Autoimmune urine therapy; essential fatty acids at 5 gm t.i.d. and colloidal mineral suspensions that contain magnesium and manganese. Herbs are very useful for treating asthma with some caution when you have allergies to plants - useful plants include: honeysuckle (Lonicera caprifolium), jaborandi (Pilocarpus jaborandi), leeks (Allium porrum), garlic (Allium sativum), evening primrose oil or fluid extract (Oenothera biennis). A variety of standard "inhalers" are available to cope with sudden attacks.

ATHEROSCLEROSIS: see ARTERIOSCLEROSIS

ATOPIC DERMATITIS (eczema): is part of the "atopic" patient syndrome which includes asthma, alopecia (hair loss) and lowered immune response. This syndrome is one of malabsorption of essential fatty acids and can include emotional symptoms similar to PMS and hypoglycemia or diabetes as a result of malabsorption of chromium. The malabsorption is usually the result of a "celiac" disease type change in the small intestinal lining rather than dietary deficiency. Do a pulse test to determine food allergies.
Treatment should include a rotation elimination diet (usually a pulse test will reveal cow's milk, wheat or soy products to be the culprits); autoimmune therapy is very useful; supplementation should include essential fatty acids as flaxseed oil at 1 tbsp. b.i.d., vitamin E at 1000 IU/day. If malabsorption is a major problem, the fatty acids may be taken as interlipids IV.

ATHLETES FOOT: is actually a form of "ringworm" caused by the fungus Tinea pedis. Treatment includes hydrotherapy in baths of 3% boric acid alternating with vinegar baths. Supplements include zinc at 50 mg t.i.d., 300,000 units of vitamin A/day as beta carotene and B-6 at 100 mg b.i.d. Various commercial athletes foot products are available as creams, sprays and powders - we prefer Desenex.

AUTOIMMUNE DISORDERS: of all kinds from kidney disease to rheumatoid arthritis (the autoimmune aspect appears as a secondary event rather than the cause as the "orthodox" doctor would have you believe) can be benefited by nutritional support. Essential fatty acids are of great value and may be taken alternately as salmon oil and flaxseed oil at the rate of 5 grams t.i.d.; vitamin E at 1000 IU/day; 300,000 IU of vitamin A as beta carotene; vitamin C to bowel tolerance; zinc at 50 mg t.i.d.; and selenium at 300-1000 mcg/day. Injectable thymus at 2-5 cc/day is very useful. (See AIDS)

AUTISM: is characterized by resistance to change, repetitive acts and learning/speech disorders. Concurrent food allergies and hypoglycemia markedly aggravate the presentation of autism. Each must be dealt with as a separate entity if real progress is to be made. (Don't forget the baseline vitamin/minerals.)
Treatment should include avoidance of sugar and food allergens; supplementation should include calcium and magnesium at double the supplement rate; B-6 at five times the RDA for weight and age; and chromium for the hypoglycemia; autoimmune urine therapy can be very useful.
BACKACHE: is usually a muscle strain from
overwork and/or a "subluxation" (a
malalignment of vertebrae) resulting from a
fall, auto accident or improper lifting tech-
nique. On occasion, a serious case of consti-
pation will cause a "backache" from impacted
stool or pressure from gas. Eighty-five percent
of adult Americans get back problems, plant
derived colloidal minerals have been reported
to prevent and reverse back problems without
88
surgery.
Prevention includes proper lifting technique
(straight back and bend knees), strengthening
exercises, proper nutrition including calcium
(2000 mg) and magnesium (800 mg), high
fiber diets and eight glasses of water per day.
Treatment includes massage, chiropractic,
hydrotherapy and poultices of herbs includ-
ing comfrey (Symphytum officinale) and ar-
nica (Arnica montana).
BAD BREATH: can be dealt with by basic
care. Use a good anti-tartar toothpaste, hydro-
gen peroxide tooth gel, floss upon awakening
and after meals, use a hydrogen peroxide
mouthwash; parsley may be used after each
meal; zinc at 50 mg t.i.d.
BALDNESS (thinning hair): see ALOPECIA
Colloidal tin is reported to be effective!
BEDSORES: result from pressure of body
weight in areas of poor circulation - usually in
areas of bony prominences. Massage, sponge
baths and ultra violet light are good preventive
therapies. Topical applications can include
zinc oxide ointment, aloe vera ointment, vita-
min E oil and DMSO; eucalyptus (Eucalyptus
globulus), wild carrot, (Daucus carota)and
comfrey (Symphytum officinale) may all be
used topically and/or in poultices to encour-
age granulation tissue formation and healing.
BEDWETTING: is a complex syndrome of
children and teenagers. It can be the result of
food sensitivities or hypoglycemia. Compare
what happens when the "patient" eats com-
plex carbohydrates or ice cream and cookies
before bed. Pulse tests and diet diaries with
elimination diagnostic diets will be revealing.
Treatment includes chromium and vanadium
at 50-150 mcg/day, cranberry juice 4 oz. b.i.d.
and calcium/magnesium (2000 mg/800 mg).
Avoidance ofsugar, simple sugars (i.e. , honey,
sweet juices, fruit, etc.) and allergenic foods
(i.e. , milk and sugar being the most common).
BEE STINGS: is a painful "sting" caused by the
"injection" ofbee venom (formaldehyde). Pain
gels, DMSO or Caladryl lotions are very effec-
tive in relieving the pain. On occasion an
individual becomes sensitive or "allergic" to
the bee venom — when this happens a poten-
tially life threatening "shock" situation exists.
Prevention is limited to avoidance of bee
stings.
Treatment for individuals deemed sensitive to
bee stings is limited to the use of adrenaline
(epinephrine) from a "bee sting"kit.
BENIGN PROSTATIC HYPERPLASIA: is per-
haps the most common infirmity of aging in
the human male. More than 500,000 Ameri-
can males are afflicted each year. As the
prostate enlarges with age, the tight outer
capsule prevents the gland from expanding
outwardly so it squeezes down on the neck of
the bladder thus producingthe well recog-
nized symptomsof "frequency" and "urgency."
The prostate is an internal gland that can be
"palpated" (felt) with the gloved finger. If you
are going to do this, it is important to examine
the prostate monthly like a woman examines
her breast monthly. The normal prostate is
firm like an orange and about the size of a
walnut - it is found at a depth in the rectum
that is just comfortably in reach for the index
finger.
Benign prostatic hypertrophy produces a uni-
form enlargement that may be hard in "acute"
enlargement or "boggy" in chronic enlarge-
ment. Tumors, either benign or malignant
tend to be inegular and nodular. PSA may be
89
elevated.
Benign prostatic hypertrophy is treated with
zinc at 50 mg t.i.d., essential fatty acids as
flaxseed oil at 1 tbsp. t.i.d., high fiber diets
including pumpkin seeds and alfalfa, 300,000
IU vitamin A as beta carotene per day, vitamin
C to bowel tolerance, chlorophyll (best source
is alfalfa), amino acids (glycine, alanine and
glutamic acid) at five grams each daily for 90
days, hydrogen peroxide ( 20 drops per oz of
aloe juice) at 1 oz. b.i.d. , cranberry juice at two
pints per day,herbs including saw palmetto
(Sarenoa serrulata) and selenium at 250 mcg
t.i.d.
BELLS PALSY: is the sudden drooping of one
side of the face due to an inflammation, swell-
ing or squeezing of the "facial" nerve (the 7th
cranial nerve as it passes through the skull).
Bells palsy is often mistaken for a stroke
because of the sudden onset. Numbness and
partial or total loss of muscular control on the
affected side are typical signs and symptoms.
Treated properly, there can be as much as an
80% chance of significant recovery.
Treatment is B-12 at 1000 mcg/day for a total
of 20,000 mcg; calcium/ magnesium at 2,000
mg and 800 mg per day; essential fatty acids at
5 gm t.i.d. and American ginseng (Panax
quinquefolius). Colloidal minerals are useful.
BIPOLAR DISORDER (mania/manic de-
pression): is one of those descriptive diagno-
sis that "orthodox" psychiatry issues. We
would estimate that as many as 90% of the
nondrug dependent patients are totally "cur-
able" at home with home testing and home
remedies. Food allergies, environmental sen-
sitivities, hypoglycemia and hyperglycemia
are the major considerations.
Testing for allergies can be accomplished us-
ing the pulse test and/or the diet diary and
rotation elimination diet; the environmental
sensitivities can be identified by the pulse test
and avoidance/challenge tests; hypoglycemia
and hyperglycemia require a six-hour GGT
(be sure to record the emotions and behavior
of the patient during the entire six hours - the
numbers alone are not revealing in of them-
selves).
Foods that are common offenders are cow's
milk, corn wheat, soy, rye and sugar; environ-
mental culprits include house dust, perfume,
formaldehyde and makeup; on the glucose
tolerance test the mania and/or depression
may occur on the ascending or the descend-
ing arms of the curve so someone must stay
with the patients and record emotions and
events!!!!
Treatment of bipolar disorder requires a con-
siderable effort on the part of the "doctor" and
"nurse" because a positive turn around may
take some weeks with temporary relapses.
Treatment should include chromium and va-
nadium at 500 mcg q.i.d.; autoimmune urine
therapy for five to eight treatments; rotation or
avoidance of offendingfoods; avoidance of
sugar, caffeine, environmental allergens; es-
sential fatty acids at 5 gm t.i.d. ; niacin (B-3) 450
mg. q.i.d. in time release tablets; B-l, B-5, B-6
each at 100 mg b.i.d.; DL-phenylalanine at 5
gms b.i.d. and choline at 250 mg b.i.d. Plant
derived colloidal minerals that contain lithium
may be useful.
BIRTH DEFECTS: are a national crime in the
United States!! More than 98% are the result of
preconception and early pregnancy malnutri-
tion of the embryo!! Today there are more
teenagers that give birth to Down's Syndrome
babies than women over 35. Cleft lips, cleft
palates, hernias, heart defects, limb defects,
spina bifida, etc are all examples of prevent-
90
able diseases that have been eliminated by the
veterinary profession by taking great pains to
give proper nutrition to the female lab animal,
pet and farm species before and during preg-
nancy - if you want to see why Americans
have such a low rating when it comes to
preventing birth defects (23rd in the world!!!!)
just go to a zoo on a Sunday or a fast food
operation and watch what the teenage girls
and pregnant women eat!!
Prevention of birth defects requires more than
"prenatal" vitamins after the second month of
pregnancy when the "orthodox" doctor gives
his pronouncement "you're pregnant" - by
then the embryo has formed all organs and
tissues (for better or worse!!). Conscious atten-
tion to preconception vitamins and colloidal
minerals and avoidance of alcohol is espe-
cially important to teenage and middle age
mothers-to-be; don't wait for anyone's advice
- it isn't going to come. Do a home pregnancy
test as soon as you think you're pregnant - if
you haven't been taking supplements, start
immediately!!!!
BLADDER STONES (kidney stones, cystic
calculi): are ironically causedby a calcium
and/or a magnesium deficient diet. The min-
erals in the "stones" come from your own
bones!!! Diagnosis may require an x-ray (a flat
"plate" of the abdomen) - don't forget the
gonadal shield!!! The signal to think "stones" is
blood in the urine (use the urine test sticks)
and pain or "colic" that gets worse in the
bladder or kidney area. "Stones" are poten-
tially very painful and may require Tylenol-3
or morphine to cope with the pain if they are
obstructing a ureter (the tube from the kidney
to the bladder).
Treatment should include an anti-inflamma-
tory medication such as licorice (Glycyrrhiza
glabra) to reduce swelling at the "log jam" so
the "stones" can pass - if this isn't strong
enough, you may have to take prednisone for
three (3) days to accomplish this part of the
therapy. Calcium and magnesium at 2,000 mg
and 1 ,000 mg is imperative to stop calcium loss
from the bones; reduce meat intake (go more
toward the vegetarian scale) to get your di-
etary calcium/ phosphorus ratio in order; herbs
including dandelion (Taraxacum officinale),
khella (Ammi visnaga), madder tea (Rubia
tinctorium) and rupturewort tea (Hernia
glabra) ; unsweetened cranberry juice to acidify
the urine.
BLEEDING: from superficial wounds is an
easy medical problem to deal with by using
pressure with a sterile gauze "sponge" or a
"bandaid" on digits. Bleeding in the stool, on
the other hand, can be a serious symptom
indicating stomach ulcers (black blood stool),
ulcerative colitis (bloody mucus in stool), co-
lon cancer (bloody mucus in the stool); or
coughing blood - lung cancer, etc.
Diagnosis of the serious causes of "bleeding"
will require some sophisticated diagnostic
techniques performed by a "user friendly"
physician (depending on the state, this may
include an N.D., D.C., D.O., or M.D.).
Regardless of the cause superficial bleeding
may be treated with poultices of plantain
(Plantago major). The specific therapies for
the more serious problems will be dealt with
as they are discussed.
BLEEDING BOWELS: can be part of the
irritable bowel syndrome, chronic dianhea or
intestinal catarrh , hemorrhoids can show bright
red blood on the toilet paper after passing a
stool - again on a serious note one needs to
consider bowel cancer. Amoebic dysentery
and other parasites should also be considered
in the diagnosis.
91
Treatment for the bleeding bowel should in-
clude mullein (Verbascum thapsus), vitamin
C at 1,000 mg t.i.d. as time release tablets,
alfalfa and specific therapy per diagnosis.
BLEEDING GUMS: an early warning for sev-
eral problems, including vitamin C deficiency
(scurvy), calcium deficiency (or bad calcium/
phosphorus ratio - osteoporosis), receding
gums (the gums recede because ofunderlying
bone loss) or vitamin E deficiency.
Treatment should include vitamin C to bowel
tolerance, vitamin E at 800 IU/day, correct
dietary calcium/ phosphorus ratio with supple-
mental calcium/magnesium at 2,000 mg and
800 mg, herbal therapy including mouthwash
with alpine ragwort (Senecio fuchsii) and
mouthwash with aloe/hydrogen peroxide.
BLOATING (gastric): is the accumulation of
gas in the stomach. Normally the stomach is
sterile because of the acid environment, how-
ever, when hypochlorhydria (low stomach
acid) occurs bacteria from the small intestine
migrates up into the stomach. The bacteria in
the stomach now "ferments" carbohydrates
and sugars that are eaten and produce gas or
"bloat."
Treatment of "bloat, belch and burp" includes
oral hydrogen peroxide ( 20 drops/ oz) at 1 oz.
b.i.d., colloidal minerals and betaine HC1 and
pancreatic enzymes at 75-200 mg t.i.d. 15
minutes before meals.
BODY ODOR (foot odor): can occur in any-
one, especially teenagers and older people.
Treatment includes zinc at 50 mg t.i.d., cal-
cium/magnesium at 2,000 mg and 800 mg,
plant derived colloidal minerals at 1 oz per 100
pounds; lots of green leafy vegetables, alfalfa,
and baths and deodorants with hydrogen
peroxide.
BOILS (carbuncles, abscesses): are usually
caused by a "staph" infection of the skin and
hair follicles. Boils can occur at a site of
irritation - usually the neck near a collar line.
The tender pus filled "boil" can be brought to
a "head" by poultices of 3% boric acid and
opened with a blade.
Treatment includes flushing the boil with sand
sagebrush (Artemisia fififolia), enchinacea
(Echinaca angustifolia) and/or hydrogen per-
oxide; vitamin C at bowel tolerance, vitamin A
at 300,000 IU/day as beta carotene, zinc 50 mg
t.i.d. ; antibiotic ointment may be considered if
new boils appear until the vitamins and min-
erals begin to take effect (don't forget the base
line supplements).
BONE PAIN (including "spurs"): can be im-
mobilizing and crippling. Bone pain can be
part of the "growing pains" especially at the
joints or the insertions of tendons into bones
(which is where "spurs" occur). Bone pain is
a self-diagnosing problem - if it persists, x-rays
should be taken to confirm diagnosis of frac-
ture, arthritis, "spurs" or rule the more severe
problem of primary or metastatic bone cancer.
Treatment of bone pain and "spurs" includes
vitamin C to bowel tolerance, vitamin E at 800-
1, 200 IU/day; magnesiumat 500 mgt.i.d.foras
long as one to two years; correct the calcium/
phosphorus ratio with calcium at 2,000 mg/
day, reduce meat intake; herbs including com-
frey (Symphytum officinale). Plant derived
colloidal minerals have reversed spurs and
calcium deposits without surgery by remodel-
ing the bone.
BREAST CYSTS (fibrocystic disease): is a
painful and cosmetic disease yet benign. The
92
normal breast tissue is overgrown with scar
tissue and cyst formation (usually multiple
cysts). Prevention is simple enough and is
related to avoidance of methyl xanthines (i.e.,
caffeine, coffee, tea, chocolate, etc.).
Treatment includes elimination of methyl
xanthines from the diet, essential fatty acids 5
gm t.i.d. and vitamin E at 800-1 ,200 IU per day.
BREAST TENDERNESS (PMS): is a common
symptom of PMS and early pregnancy. The
tenderness of PMS is cyclical and that of early
pregnancy will be associated with missed
periods and a positive home pregnancy test.
Treatment includes vitamin E topically and
essential fatty acids orally at 5 gm t.i.d., avoid
methyl xanthines and remember the base line
supplements.
BRITTLE NAILS: are a common ailment, es-
pecially in teenagers pregnant women and
individuals with food allergies. The causes of
brittle nails are malabsorption or deficiencies
of essential fatty acids, amino acids (low pro-
tein-vegetarian diets), calcium, iron or zinc.
Treatment of brittle nails includes dealing with
food allergies (use the pulse test - it's cheap
and accurate) to improve absorption, gelatin
(unflavored and unsweetened or diabetic
brands), essential fatty acids at 5 gm t.i.d.,
vitamin E at 800-1,200 IU/day, the base line
supplementation, and betaine HC1 and pan-
creatic enzymes at 75-200 mg each t.i.d. 15
minutes before meals.
BRONCHIAL ASTHMA: (see asthma)
BRONCHITIS (grippe, catanh, chest colds):
can be caused by viral or bacterial infections.
Allergies, both food and inhalant will aggra-
vate bronchitis as will fatty acid deficiencies. If
bronchitis persists after treatment for five to
ten days, consider cystic fibrosis in children
and lung cancer in adults (x-rays will be nec-
essary to determine chronic processes).
Treatment includes steam vaporizers at night,
essential fatty acids at 5 gm t.i.d., digestive
enzymes and betaine HC1 at 75-200 mg each,
vitamin C to bowel tolerance, vitamin A at
300,000 IU as beta carotene, zinc at 50 mg t.i.d.
and herbs including slippery elm (Ulmus fulva),
coltsfoot (Tussilago farfara), cowslip (Primula
veris), eucalyptus (Eucalyptus globulus) as a
poultice/chest rub and/or place in vaporizer,
Irish moss (Chondrus crispus), pansy (Viola
tricolor), pleurisy root (Asclepias tuberose)
and holly hock (Althaea rosea).
BRUISES: are the result ofa bump or blow that
ruptures blood vessels and releases blood into
the surrounding tissue including the skin. The
fragility (tenderness) or capillaries can result
from vitamin C or vitamin E deficiencies.
Treatment includes vitamin C to bowel toler-
ance, vitamin E at 800-1,200 IU per day, pan-
creatic enzymes at 200 mg t.i.d. between meals
(so the enzymes get into your bloodstream
and dissolve blood clots), DMSO topically,
pain gel and herbs including arnica (Arnica
montana), marigold (Calendula officinalis),
witch hazel (Hamaelis virginiana) and yellow
sweet clover (Metilotus officinalis).
BRUXISM (teeth grinding): is the clenching or
grinding of teeth. Bruxism usually occurs dur-
ing sleep and is, therefore, often overlooked
until wear of the dental enamel is observed.
Bruxism can be the result of food allergies (use
the pulse test to find out - milk and wheat tend
to be the offenders), hypoglycemia (bed-wet-
ting may occur with bruxism if hypoglycemia
is involved) or deficiencies of calcium, mag-
nesium and / or B-6.
93
Treatment includes avoidance or rotation of
offending food and elimination of sugar from
the diet especially before bed. Calcium and
magnesium at 2,000 mg and 1 ,000 mg per day
and B-6 at 50 mg t.i.d.
BURNS: are the painful result of contact with
radiant (sun) or thermal heat (fire or hot mate-
rials). Prevention of sunburn is easy with
modern "sun screen" products -the nose may
need special protection of zinc oxide oint-
ment.
1st degree - red, painful surfaceburns from
"sunburn," steam, etc. Dilute white vinegar 1 :
with water and cover burn surface twice daily,
aloe vera or vitamin E oil applied locally.
2nd degree - some degree of damage into the
second layer of skin with blisters. Bath the
burn area with vitamin E oil or cover with zinc
oxide. Supplementation of vitamin C to bowel
tolerance will be of value.
3rd and 4th degree burns are characterized
by loss of skin, blisters and, in the case of the
4th degree, actual charring takes place. These
types of bums require professional help to
prevent infection and fluid loss; the patient
may require "plastic surgery."
BURSITIS: is an inflammation of bursal sacs
that cushion tendons as they pass over joints
(i.e., shoulder, "housemaid's knee," "miner's
elbow," and "bunions"). Overwork ofan "out-
of-shape" joint can bring on a flare up. Don't
forget the base line vitamins and minerals as a
preventative along with moderate exercise.
Treatment of bursitis includes topical pain
gels, DMSO, or liniments with eucalyptus to
bring more circulation to the area and remove
swelling (which is the source of bursitis pain).
Oral support includes B-12 at 1,000 mcg/day,
vitamin C to bowel tolerance, bioflavonoids
1,200 mg/day, rutin 50 mg t.i.d., vitamin E at
800-1,200 IU/day, calcium and magnesium at
2,000 mg and 1,000 mg per day respectively,
gelatin, cartilage 5 gm t.i.d. and alfalfa. Be sure
to include plant derived colloidal minerals in
your bursitis program.
CALCULUS (tartar): is a build up of calcium
carbonate on the tooth, usually at the gingival
junction (where the gum attaches to the tooth.
The source of the calcium is the patient's own
bony calcium which is being lost in the saliva
(that's why tartar is worst on the back of the
lower incisors) - when this happens you may
need more magnesium to hold calcium in the
bones and correct a severe dietary calcium/
phosphorus ratio problem (i.e., reduce red
meat, soft drinks and any other major source
of phosphoms). The use of hydrogen perox-
ide tooth gels and antitartar toothpastes will
help reduce existing tartar and prevent build
up.
Treatment of tartar includes flossing, use a
"dental pick" that you can purchase from a
pharmacy to pop off large "plates" of hard-
ened tartar from the back of and between
teeth, use a firm toothbnish and hydrogen
peroxide tooth gels and tartar control tooth-
paste.
CANCER (carcinoma, sarcoma, neoplasm,
tumor and malignancy): is one of the more
formidable syndromes (a disease is "one diag-
nosis/one cause") of today. Prevention is the
"magic bullet" that is effective against all forms
of cancer.
Prevention of cancer (CA) takes a consider-
able conscious effort, but then, aren't you
worth the same or more effort than the main-
tenance of your Porsche!!!!! Don't forget the
base line vitamins and colloidal minerals, be
94
sure to incorporate dietaiy fiber in each meal,
try to OD on beta carotene (almost impossible
- first sign is dry skin) at about a vitamin A
equivalent of 300,000 IU per clay, lowfat diet
(don't forget the essential fatty acids for your
immune system), eat four-six cups of veg-
etables each day, drink eight glasses of water
per day (preferably filtered -distilled water on
a regular basis will demineralize your bones!),
don't smoke, alcohol in moderation (or better
yet - not atall), make sure you have at least
two bowel movements per day (better yet,
three), use sunscreens in intense sunlight,
take alfalfa daily in some form as a detox, do
a liver flush once or twice each month, do a
hair analysis each year to monitor toxic metal
load as well as absorption capability (if you are
not absorbing very well all your nutrient min-
erals will be low), check for food allergies,
(use the pulse test), use biode-gradable house-
hold cleaners, avoid foods fried in fat oroil and
use organic foods as much as possible.
The diagnosis of cancer usually requires a
biopsy, x-ray or the use of endoscopic exams;
elevated CEA or PSA are signals to look farther.
You are your own first line of defense, there-
fore, if you find an unusual lump, ulcer, bleed-
ing, extended diarrhea, pain, change in urina-
tion or bowel habit or mole that changes
character you should con-sider cancer as a
possible cause. If you do suspect cancer, start
with your own therapies right away; it may be
weeks before you can get to the "orthodox"
doctor for a "rule-in" or "nile-out" diagnosis -
don't go for six months without treatment
because the "doctor was too busy" - what's
more important, your health or his golf game?
Once cancer has been "ruled-in" you should
intensify your efforts in your own behalf as no
one cares as much alxxit you as much as you
do!!!!!
Treatment of cancer is a busy procedure at the
best and until you get it "under control" it will
take your full time whether you opt to take
the"CUT, BURN & POISON" route as well or if
you opt totally for alternative therapies. A
useful fact to help your thinking process is that
the United States government says that THE
FIVE-YEAR SURVTVAL RATE OF CANCER
PATIENTS HAS NOT CHANGED OVER THE
LAST 20 YEARS DESPITE NEW TECH-
NIQUES IN SURGERY, RADIATION
ANDCHEMOTHERAPY- IN FACT, UNTREAT-
ED PATIENTS, AS A GROUP, SURVIVED
LONGER!!!! What the government doesn't tell
you is that the "untreated" patient group in-
cludes those treated with alternative thera-
pies!!
As with any therapy, you will want to educate
yourself to benefits and limits of alternative
therapies. Using one system or medication for
cancer therapy is like limiting the United States
defense system to ground forces (this would
be a totally absurd line of thinking in these
days of nuclear warfare, ICBMs, submarines,
etc.). Fortunately, other countries do not have
an FDA and, as a result, they have more
pharmaceutical companies willing to search
for, and make available, medications that our
FDA forbids. As a result, our health in terms of
dollars spent (800 billion) and return places us
23rd in the world - kind of frightening, isn't it!
A list of medications follow with a brief discus-
sion of the action of each and for what cancer
they are recommended (most can be admin-
istered to yourself on a maintenance level
once the cancer is under control):
HYDRAZINE SULFATE: inhibits the produc-
tion of glucose from lactic acid in the liver
which literally starves the rapidly growing
cancer cells. Hydra-zinecan prevent metastasis
(spreading) and will reduce the size of large
tumor masses. The shrinkage of tumor mass
has all kinds of benefit including increase in
95
appetite, feeling of well being, reduction in
pain, mood improvement and an improve-
ment in circulation (blood and lymph). This
compound is nonspecific and can be used for
any tumor type cancer.
CESIUM CHLORIDE: provides "high pH
therapy for cancer" by entering the cancer cell
and causing an alkaline environment. It is
recommended forall types of cancer but is
particularly effective for SARCOMA,
BRONCHOGENIC CARCINOMA (with bone
metastasis) and a spectacular 97% improve-
ment of COLON CANCER.
LAETRILE: in short, releases small amounts of
cyanide which normal cells can detoxify but
cancer cells can't. The cyanide from the laetrile
then kills the cancer cell. Laetrile may be taken
as a preventative measure or a therapy.
GERMANIUM: is found in significant amounts
in a variety of plants in-cluding mushrooms,
ginseng, garlic, etc. Germanium functions by
increas-ing the oxygen flow into cells from the
blood (cancer cells do not like high levels of
oxygen), increases macro-phage (scavenger
cells) activity, increases the numbers of anti-
body forming cells, T-cells, B-lymphocytes
and killer cells and induces the body to pro-
duce interferon!!! Can be used as prevention
or in therapy programs.
CLODRONATE: is especially useful for pre-
venting and controlling bone metastasis
(spread of cancer from original site to the
bone) which is common place in BREAST and
PROSTATIC CANCER. Bone metastasis are
very painful and difficult to treat with conven-
tional chemotherapy, clodronate works by
stopping the loss of calcium from the bone so
that the cancer can be effectively walled off.
FLUTAMIDE: and luteinizing hormone-re-
leasing hormone (LHRH) together are more
effective than surgical or chemical castration
in cases of PROSTATIC CANCER as well as
more aesthetically accepted. Flutamide
therapy works well against the original cancer
as well as the metastatic bone cancer. Flutamide
produces an 81% remission against 0% remis-
sion for two years whencompared with "or-
thodox" approaches.
HOXEY HERBAL FORMULA: is one of the
granddaddies ofthe modern cancer remedies.
It is nonspecific and may be used like Laetrile
as a preventive or remedy.
LEVAMISOL: is a new product (actually a
sheep wormer) that has shown excellent
results for cancer in general and specifically
for colon, breast, brain, throat, esophagus,
stomach, liver and pancreas. LEVAMISOL
could be the cancer "magic bullet" for the
1990s!!!
CARCELIM: is a topical cream for eliminating
surface cancer (i.e., moles, MELANOMA, CAR-
CINOMA, BASAL CELL CARCINOMA). This
procedure takes 30 days and at this writing
(March, 1989) appears to be very effective.
POLYERGA: inhibits tumor growth by reduc-
tion of glycolysis. Polyerga is effective against
tumor forming cancer and can be easily ad-
ministered at home - it is, therefore, veiy
economical.
There are many adjunctive therapies for
cancer programs (remember it is absurd to use
single mode programs!!) amongst which hy-
drogen peroxide stands out. "Orthodox" medi-
cine used H202 IV in the 1800s so there is lots
of history with no bad side effects as well as
lots of positive evidence that increasing oxy-
gen in the blood has beneficial effects in your
fight against cancer (remember cancer
doesn't like elevated oxygen levels).
96
CO Q-10 increases the immune fighting
ability of your phagocytes as well as increases
the efficiency of tissue detoxification.
DMSO is useful for the treatment of
LEUKEMIA in that it causes the maturation of
the "premature" WBCsof leukemia.
Thymus extracts are useful to enhance
the thymus gland function and thus the im-
mune system.
Autoimmune urine and autoimmune
blood therapies enhance the bodies defense
systems against foreign substances including
cancer proteins in much the same way the
"allergy shots" do against pollen allergies.
Carbamide (urea) is in keeping with
the autoimmune urine therapy. Carbamide is
particularly effective for LIVER CANCER.
Beta carotene taken with vitamin E can
be taken at as much as 600,000 IU vitamin A
equivalent!!! This will be of significant benefit
in cancer therapy programs especially CARCI-
NOMAS. The vitamin A thus provided will
also help the thymus gland produce antibod-
ies and make laetrile more effective.
Selenium is a trace mineral that has
been investigated very intensively as a cancer
preventative and as therapeutic nutrition,
1,000-3,000 mcg/day is considered to be the
proper therapy dose. Plant derived colloidal
selenium is 98% absorbable.
Shark cartilage and shark liver oil
contain substances that stop the formation
of capillaries that feed new metastatic
growths of cancer.
Chemotherapy in "micro-doses" in con-
junction with alternative therapies or chemo-
therapy into the arterial blood supply of the
cancer infested tissue or organ can sub-
stantially reduce the negative side effects of
chemotherapy.
Intravenous infusions with total nutri-
tion, especially in the early phases of alterna-
tive therapy are very useful in providing your
body with much needed raw material for
rebuilding normal tissue as well as replenish-
ing the ravaged immune system. This total
nutrition should include vitamins, minerals
amino acids, essential fatty acids as well as
electrolytes. It is well established that cancer
patients have poor digestion and absorption
(probably from the long term effects of food
allergies on the gut producing eeliactype
changes).
CANDIDIASIS (chronic fatigue syndrome):
is an infection caused by Candida albicans, a
normally harmless yeast (saprophyte) of your
intestine. This organism becomes a parasite
and, therefore, pathological (disease creating)
when its competitors, the normal bacteria of
the gut, are killed by long term use of antibiot-
ics allowing them to proliferate unchecked.
The reduced production of stomach acid al-
lows the C. albicans to move into the stomach
- an unusual location. Stress will cause the
reduction of stomach acid after stress reaches
the point of decompensation. Food allergies
change the lining of the gut in a manner very
similar to celiac disease which causes an in-
creased nutrient concentration in the gut —this
hyperfertilized environment is very attractive
to C. albicans. The overgrowth of the organ-
ism eventually spills over into the blood stream
and, thus, infests the body proper.
Prevention includes being aware of your in-
testines, know your digestive and absorptive
abilities and patterns. Do pulse tests for food
allergies, avoid long term use of antibiotics, as
you grow older take betaine HCl and pancre-
atic en2ymes before meals to offset the normal
decrease in production (take these digestive
aids if you are under stress), deal aggressively
with any disease that lowers your immune
capacity!!
The diagnosis of candidiasis may be made
from symptoms, however, if you want a sure
97
diagnosis get a blood test forantibodiesagainst
C. albicans or a skin test (very similar to a TB
tine test) - a positive test is a sure diagnosis -
a negative test may or may not be revealing.
Anergy is a state in which the immune system
is so exhausted that it can't even react to
adiagnostic test!!!
Symptoms of candidiasis include forgetful -
ness, irritability, fatigue, nausea, flu-like joint
and muscle pain and a high emotional state.
Gastrointestinal symptoms may or may not be
present (i.e., diarrhea, dyspepsia, gas, etc.).
Most of the patients we see have been on oral
Nystatin for some length of time with little or
no positive effect — no wonder, Nystatin is not
absorbed into the body proper and, therefore,
only controls the C. albicans in the gut.
Treatment for candidiasis includes treating
food allergies, hypoglycemia, any concurrent
infection (i.e., herpes, EBV, CMV, etc.) and
correcting indigestion. Hydrogen peroxide
may be taken orally at 1 oz. b.i.d. upon arising
and retiring (we like H202 that is mixed with
aloe vera which makes it palatable and makes
it easy to take (also there is no danger in this
diluted form). Hydrogen peroxide in a DMSO
and 5% dextrose solution should be adminis-
tered IV to kill the systemic infestation (it takes
10-12 infusions to get the desired effect).
Germanium orally and IM is a good adjunctive
therapy as it helps get oxygen into the cells
(remember C. albicans doesn't like oxygen)
making the general environment unattractive
to the parasite.
Replantation of Lactobacillus acidophilus, a
friendly resident of the gut and a primary
competitor to C. albicans is a useful part of any
treatment program. Using the retention en-
emas with 4 oz. of warm water containing 10
billion organisms (empty twenty 500,000 or-
ganism capsules into the water). A retention
douche of 3 oz. for ten minutes weekly. The
external genital area inboth male and female
may be washed with 3% hydrogen peroxide.
Sixteen oz.s of 3% hydrogen peroxide can
safely be added to bath water. Autoimmune
urine and blood therapies can be very useful
in stimulating specific antibody production.
CANKER SORES (cold sores, fever blisters,
aphthous stoma-stomatitis): can be precipi-
tated by stress, consumption of certain foods
as in food allergies (do the pulse test) and
certain deficiencies. The canker sore is differ-
entiated from Herpes in that it only occurs on
the movable oral mucosa of the lips and
cheeks.
Treatment should include avoidance of aller-
gens, zinc at 50 mg t.i.d., lysine at 1,500 mg/
day, vitamin E at 800-1,200 IU/day, B-com-
plex at 50 mg each t.i.d. and vitamin A at
300,000 IU/day as beta carotene.
CARBUNCLES (multiple boils): See BOILS
CARDIAC ARRHYTHMIA (inegular heart
beat): is a common complaint of persons with
food allergies and hypoglycemia (this is as-
suming you have ruled out organic heart
disease). The classic for this syndrome is the
"Chinese restaurant syndrome" which is caused
by sensitivity to MSG. Many a patient with
sudden irregular heart beat and palpitations
has called the ambulance thinking they had a
"heart attack;" by the time the ambulance
arrived, they no longer had symptoms - a
history of eating out, especially at a Chinese
restaurant, is the give away.
Deficiencies that cause cardiac arrhythmia
include B-l (i.e., beriberi), B-3 (i.e., pellagra),
B-6, chromium, Selenium (i.e., Keshan Dis-
ease, cysticfibrosis), magnesium, potassium,
98
carnitine and CO Q-10.
Treatment ofcardiac arrythmia includes avoid-
ance of known allergens, autoimmune urine
and blood therapies, chromium at 50-100 mcg
t.i.d., B-complex at 50 mg t.i.d., selenium at
100-300 mcg t.i.d., magnesium at 1,000 mg/
day, potassium at 500 mg t.i.d., plant derived
colloidal minerals, carnitine and CO Q-10 per
label.
CARDIOMYOPATHY(Keshan Disease, mus-
cular dystrophy of heart): is recognized by the
WHO as a selenium deficiency. This is the
type of heart disease that makes individuals a
candidate for heart transplant in the eyes ofthe
"orthodox" physician. It is typical that $1/
month in selenium supplement would pre-
vent this disease and the "need" for a $250,000
procedure that carries a 20% mortality rate.
This disease is also found in cystic fibrosis
patients (one of the telltale signals that genet-
ics has nothing to do with cystic fibrosis).
Cardiomyopathy is known as "mulberry heart
disease" in pigs and "white muscle disease" in
cattle, sheep and horses - it is interesting that
veterinarians have eliminated this disease in
animals with selenium injections and oral
supplementation of diets (again an example
where it just might be better to go to your
vet!!!).
The diagnosis of cardiomyopathy is made
from an ECG (electrocardiogram) in an "or-
thodox" cardiologists office. The earliest signs
are S-T and T wave changes ~ at this point, diet
correction and selenium supple-mentation will
reverse this if the diagnosis is correct - the
neglect of this will result in severe fatigue and
sufficient heart muscle changes for the cardi-
ologist to be able to "justify" a heart transplant.
The treatment of early cardiomyopathy in-
cludes selenium at 350 mcg t.i.d. or 1,000 mcg
IM, plant derived colloidal selenium, vitamin
E at 1,200 IU/day and essential fatty acids at 5
gm t.i.d. I have personally seen individuals
who have survived quite well with only sele-
nium supplemen-tation - they still have mild
S-T or T wave changes but they have been
working out in the rice fields for 25 years after
their diagnosis and treatment with selenium!!!
CARPAL TUNNEL SYNDROME: is caused
by compression of die median nerve in be-
tween the tendons of the forearm muscles by
a shrinking of the circular wrist ligament that
holds everything together. This compressed
nerve causes radiating pain in the palm of the
hand and wrist, especially when the under-
side of the wrist is forcefully tapped with an
index finger or a reflex hammer.
Treatment includes B-6 at 75 mg t.i.d., zinc at
50 mg t.i.d. and cartilage at 5 mg t.i.d. (com-
pare this with the "orthodox" therapy of wrist
surgery!!!).
CARSICKNESS (sea sick, air sick): or motion
sickness is common in some individuals when
repetitive angular and linear movement occur
at the same time. Fixing the gaze on a single
geographic point can help in sea sickness
when the patient is on deck but a fruitless
exercise in other forms of motion sickness.
Symptoms include "green at the gills" feeling
including nausea and vomiting.
Prevention of motion sickness includes the
use of scopolamine transdermal patches (can
be worn behind the ear) or Dramamine (both
medications can be purchased at the phar-
macy without a prescription).
CATARACTS: are caused by changes inthe
eye lens which makes them opaque and un-
able to transmit light to the retina of the eye.
Cataracts are easily diagnosed with the oph-
thalmoscope in a darkened examining room
99
- severe cataracts are snow white and are
easily seen with the unaided eye. Cataracts are
the most common cause of blindness in older
people and should be dealt with aggressively
and without delay.
Treatment of cataracts includes the base line
vitamin/mineral supplement plus vitamin E at
400 IU/day, vitamin C to bowel tolerance, B-
1 , B-2, B-3, B-5 and B-6 at 50 mg b.i.d. , inositol
at 150 mg/day, selenium at 250 mcg/day, zinc
at 25 mgt.i.d., bioflavonoids at 300mg, glycine
at 200 mg, 1-glutamine at 200 mg, 1-arginine at
300 mg/day, 1-cysteine at 400 mg/day and
glutathione at 40 mg/day. If diabetes or hypo-
glycemia are present the chromium at 50 mcg
t.i.d. should be added.
CATARRH (croup, whooping cough): is the
mucus associated with a wide variety of nasal,
throat, tracheal and bronchial infections and/
or irritations.
Treatment includes the use of steam at bed-
time to break up the catarrh (mucus) and
allow peaceful sleep, if this does not work and
sleep in an urgent need the use of drying
agents such as Contac should be considered.
Homeopathy can work quite well if a com-
plete case is collected (see homeopathy) as
there are many variables to be considered.
Herbs that can be effective include vervain or
wild hyssop (Verbena officinalis), cucumber
(Cucumis sativa), wild cherry (Prunis serotina)
and thyme (Thymus vulgaris).
CELIAC DISEASE (gluten enteropathy,
nontropical spruce): is perhaps themost un-
derrated disease in America today. Celiac
disease is characterized by a loss of villi (fin-
ger-like projections) from the small intestines
and a scaring of the supporting tissue which
effectively reduces the absorptive surface by
70%. Classically celiac disease is caused by a
wheat gluten sensitivity,thus "gluten free di-
ets" - if this change was limited to wheat only,
it would be of small consequence because it is
easily recognized, however, cow's milk albu-
men and soy protein will cause these same
physical changes in the gut including loss of
villi and scaring of supportive tissue of the
small intestine progressing to the point where
by age 45-50 years, 90% of the intestine can be
damaged resulting in a significant reduction of
absorptive surface. The result is poor assimi-
lation of nutrients which are the raw materials
for tissue repair, growth and maintenance of
the immune system.
Celiac disease is, therefore, the basic cause of
many diseases including diabetes (i.e. , malab-
sorption of chromium and vanadium), cancer
(i.e., malabsorption of zinc, vitamin A and
selenium), and muscular dystrophy and cystic
fibrosis (i.e., malabsorption of selenium in the
pregnant mother resulting in damage to the
fetus).
Diagnosis and treatment of celiac disease in-
cludes using the pulse test for allergies (i.e.,
whole wheat is great unless your allergic to
it!!!) especially wheat, cow's milk and soy
products and eliminating and/or rotating the
offending allergen - it takes 90 days to repair
the injured gut which means there is great
hope if you take the effort to see if, in fact, you
are sensitive to wheat, cow's milk or soy.
CEREBROPALSY: is a birth defect which
affects the cerebellum, the finemotor coordi-
nator of the body. The cause is a preconcep-
tion deficiency of zinc and B-6 (perhaps celiac
disease was the base cause of copper / zinc
malabsorption in the mother). There is no
treatment since the damage occurred to the
fetus during the formation of the brain.
CEREBROVASCULAR DISEASE (senile
100
dementia): is more common in the United
States than anywhere else. The "hardening" of
the middle cerebral artery (the main blood
supply to the brain) results in poor oxygen
supply to the brain which causes loss of
memory and typical "senile" changes. As with
arteriosclerosis, the "hardening" of the arteries
is caused by smooth muscle scaring, followed
by calcification and fatty cholesterol deposits.
The risk factors include elevated blood cho-
lesterol which is a building block of vitamin D
- vitamin D is angiotoxic (toxic to blood
vessels) causing scaring of arterial smooth
muscle and subsequent calcification. Magne-
sium deficiency also results in calcification.
Prevention includes comfortable collars and
ties so "eddies" are not created in the carotid
arteries which contributes to the deposition of
cholesterol. Reduce the amount of vitamin D
intake to a maximum of 400 IU/day (this is a
real toughie when you consider animal fat,
cholesterol, milk, butter, various prepared
cereals and snack bars, supplements and sun-
shine).
Treatment ofcerebrovascular disease includes
EDTA chelation therapy to help remove
plaque, hydrogen peroxide IV to increase
oxygen, vitamin C to bowel tolerance, avoid
alcohol, vitamin E at 800-1,200 IU/day, essen-
tial fatty acids at 5 mg t.i.d., selenium at 1,000
mcg/day, centrophenoxine at 1 ,000-2,000 mg/
day, hydergine at 4.5-9.0 mg/day, vasopressin
(DIAPID) at 12-l6units/day, Lucidril at 4.4-8.0
gm/day, piracetam at 1 .6 gm t.i.d. and choline
at 9 gm/day concunently, and lecithin at 4 gm
b.i.d.
CERVICAL DYSPLASIA: is considered a
"precancerous" change in the surface cells of
the uterine cervix. The "orthodox" approach,
cryotherapy, is primarily a "counter-irritant"
procedure - in other words, create enough
acute damage so that the influx of WBCs and
antibodies also help heal chronic changes as a
"side benefit. " It is known that cervical dyspla-
sia is, in fact, a manifestation of a chronic
vitamin A deficiency. Diagnosis is made from
a PAP smear and/or biopsy.
Treatment ofcervical dysplasia is accomplished
by painting the affected surface with Lugol's
Solution (an iodine preparation) and oral
supplementation ofbeta carotene at an equiva-
lent of 300,000 IU ofvitamin A per day and oral
zinc at 50 mg t.i.d. Don't forget the base line
nutritional supplement here.
CHALAZION: is the result of plugged
"meibomian" glands in the eyelid. A chalazion
is easily confused with a "sty" in the early
stages, however, after a few days the swelling
and pain disappear leaving a slow growing
pea sized "mass" in the lid.
Treatment of chalazions include vitamin A at
300,000 IU per day as beta carotene, zinc at 50
mg t.i.d. and warm poultices of 3% boric acid
on the closed lid. Boric acid ophthalmic
ointment may be obtained from the pharmacy
without prescription.
CHEILOSIS (angular stomatitis): is the re-
sult of vitamin B-2 or riboflavin deficiency.
The deficiency shows upas cracks in the cor-
ners of the mouth, nasolabial folds and "geo-
graphic" tongue.
Treatment of cheilosis includes identification
of food allergies and supplementation with B-
2 at 75 mg t.i.d.
CHICKEN POX (Varicella, Herpes zoster-
shingles): is an acute viral disease in children
and a chronic, painful disease in adults (i.e.,
shingles). Epidemics occur in children in
winter and early spring. Day care children are
101
almost guaranteed to contract chicken pox in
their first year of day care. For those that are
into vaccination, a post exposure vaccine is
available for up to 72 hours post exposure.
Chicken pox is characterized by clear vesicles
sunounded by a small red zone; these lesions
occur primarily on the upper torso.
Treatment of chicken pox in children is prima-
rily symptomatic and includes Caladryl lotion
topically, oatmeal baths and vitamin E oil
applied directly to each vesicle or papule.
Regardless of therapy, chicken pox will last
from seven to twenty days.
CHIGGERS (mites): are small arthropods
(eight-legged critters) that burrow into the
skin and cause a severe pruritis (itching).
These little creatures can be repelled while
walking in the woods or meadows by placing
pet "flea collars" around your ankles, waist
and wrists. The use of poultry dusting power
can be used in socks or belt line.
Treatment of chiggers once they establish
themselves is limited to covering each burrow
opening with clear nail polish which literally
smothers them.
CHILLS (fever): are associated with the flu
and other viral infections. The patient will be
sweating, shaking, trembling and unable to
feel warm even when bundled up with blan-
kets.
Treatment for chills includes wearing warmups
with a hooded sweatshirt to cover the neck
and head, homeopathy, acupuncture and
herbs to include willow (Salix alba).
CHILBLAINS (hypothermia): is the lower
ing of body and/or limb temperature to sub-
normal levels for some length oftime resulting
in near frostbite. Severe numbness and loss of
function may occur. Colds and flu may follow
this challenge to the immune system. Preven-
tion includes proper dress for the weather.
Treatment includes rapid warming in warm
water and/or warm enemas, electric blankets
if available (underneath as well as on top).
CHOLESTEROL (elevated): is considered a
risk factor for cardiovascular disease. Eleva-
tion of cholesterol above 200 mg per 100 ml of
blood is a sign of increasing risk for cardiovas-
cular disease, diabetes and liver disease (in-
cludinggallstones). There are numerous causes
of elevated cholesterol including low fiber
diets, elevated vitamin D intake, deficiency of
essential fatty acids, diets high in refined sugar
and flour, liver malfunction and poor exercise
habits. CAUTION: Low cholesterol can be
equally or more dangerous than elevated cho-
lesterol !!
Treatment for elevated cholesterol includes
regular exercise, base line supplement pro-
gram, one to two heaping tablespoons of oat
bran or protein fiber in an eight oz. glass of
juice or vitamin C to bowel tolerance, essential
fatty acids at 5 gm t.i.d., niacin at 450 mg b.i.d.
as time release tablets, calcium and magne-
sium at 2,000 mg and 1,000 mg per
day,chromium at 75 mcgt.i.d., selenium at 100
mcg t.i.d. and herbs to include evening prim-
rose (Oenothera biennis). A good liver flush
can be very useful.
CHOREA: is characterized by uncontrolled
jerky or crampy type movements that may be
regular in frequency. The onset of chorea is
subtle and may be limited to mood changes,
faltering or hesitant speech then progressing
to uncontrolled facial movements and gri-
maces, "prancing" gait, torticollis (marked twist
in the neck) and difficulty in swallowing.
Chorea is considered to be a genetic disease
102
by the "orthodox" doctors, however, this is
highly unlikely as the onset classically occurs
between the ages of 30 to 55 years (we have
seen chorea in preteens and teenagers). There
is organic disease of the brain with degenera-
tion of the frontal cerebral cortex as well as
deeper portions of the brain. The "orthodox"
treatment for chorea is limited to sedation and
tranquilization.
We recommend the base line supplement
program, essential fatty acids at 5 gm t.i.d., B-
complex at 100 mg b.i.d. each, vitamin E at
800-12,000 IU/day, selenium at 500 mcg/day,
lecithin at 2,500 mg t.i.d. and choline at 500
mg/day. Pulse testing for food allergies and
hair analysis to monitor absorption is essen-
tial.
CHRONIC FATIGUE (candidiasis, EBV,
HBLV, CMV, food allergies and
hypoglycemia): by its very name (syndrome
rather than a disease) lets you know that this
is a complex ofsymptoms with multiple causal
factors. To our knowledge all patients with
Chronic Fatigue Syndrome have two or more
of the causal factors associated with their
"disease". Symptoms include moodiness,
highly emotional state, aches, pains, depres-
sion, gastrointestinal symptoms (i.e.,
"belch, burp and bloat"), intense fatigue,
drowsiness and muscular weakness. Blood
tests for antibodies against Candida albicans,
EBV, HBLV and CMV are available for specific
diagnosis; there is also a skin test forcandidiasis.
Treatment for Chronic Fatigue Syndrome
should include IV hydrogen peroxide in a
solution of DMSO and 5% dextrose, IV nutri-
tion, IM germanium, base line nutritional
supplement program, hydrogen peroxide ( 20
drops per oz in aloe juice) 1 oz. b.i.d., do pulse
test for food allergies, do six-hour GTT for
hypoglycemia, eliminate caffeine, eliminate
refined sugar, avoid any food allergens, treat
hypoglycemia with chromium at 75 to 200 mcg
t.i.d., employ autoimmune urine and blood
therapies, detoxify with liver flushes and
colonics (especially for the first two weeks of
therapy) to copy with toxins generated by
organism die-off, Isoprinosin at 500 mg t.i.d.
and Ribavirin at 250-1,200 mg per day as
antiviral medication. Reflexology, massage
and naturopathic or chiropractic manipula-
tion are great adjunctive therapies.
CLAUDICATION (intermittent): is a cramp-
ing of leg muscles following exercise as a
result of poor blood supply. The reduced
blood supply to the legs is almost always due
to arteriosclerosis of the femoral and popliteal
arteries. Typically, after a few moments rest,
the patient can start walking again.
The diagnosis of intermittent claudication can
be made from symptoms alone; the symptom-
atic findings can be supported by taking the
"pedal" pulses (at the instep of the foot); these
pulses should be strong and equal - very
frequently one or both are weak or absent.
Treatment of intermittent claudication includes
the base line nutritional supplements, EDTA
chelation therapy, IV hydrogen peroxide, vi-
tamin C to bowel tolerance, vitamin E at 800-
1,200 IU per day, chromium at 75-200 mcg
t.i.d., selenium at 100-500 mcg t.i.d., B-6 at 100
mg b.i.d., hydrotherapy, reflexology, massage
and light exer-cise (i.e., walking, swimming,
etc.) and herbs including ginseng (Panax spp.)
and cayenne pepper (Capsicum minimum).
CLIMACTERIC (menopause): is the cessa-
tion of ovarian function and the stopping of
the menstrual cycle. Menopause is a natural
event in a woman's life and usually occurs
between the ages of 45-55 years. Menopause
may be artificially induced by ovariectomy or
103
hysterectomy. When the process is normal
and thus takes a gradual course, the adrenals
and liver increase their output of female hor-
mones (primarily estrogen) and make up the
difference from the lost ovarian function. "Hot
flashes" are a common symptom when insuf-
ficient estrogen is being produced by the
adrenals or liver. Other symptoms include
sweating, nervousness, fatigue, depression,
insomnia, tingling and urinary frequency and
in continuance. Osteoporosis is a common
result of improperly managed menopause.
Treatment for menopause is probably an im-
proper term as normal events don't need
treatment but rather "support" on occasion to
help smooth the transition. Transdermal es-
trogen "patches" can be applied to the back or
chest for a time release of hormones, oral
estrogens should not be accompanied by pro-
gesterone as they increase the cancer induc-
tion risk; liver flush at least once per month,
base line supplement program, calcium and
magnesium at 2,000 mg and 1 ,000 mg per day
and herbs to include Lady's mantle (Alchemilla
vulgaris), motherwort (Leo nurus cardiaca)
and St. John's wort (Hypericum perforatum).
Don't forget calcium and magnesium at 2,000
mg and 1,000 mg per day. Betaine HC1 and
pancreatic enzymes at 75-200 mg t.i.d. 15
minutes before meals.
"CLUSTER HEADACHES" (histamine head-
ache): are related to allergic reactions and may
occur by themselves or by associated with
other diseases and syndromes including
Chronic Fatigue Syndrome. The symptom of
one sided headache that comes on suddenly,
cause debilitating pain and come and go in
severity is diagnostic. Pulse testing and rota-
tion elimination diets with the use of a "diet
diary" for keeping track of symptoms (in this
case, the "cluster headache"). In addition to
foods, there are many inhalant allergens in-
cluding cigarette smoke, perfume, house dust,
etc. that can precipitate "cluster headache."
Treatment includes the use of the base line
supplement program, vitamin C to bowel
tolerance, bioflavonoids at 150 mg t.i.d., auto-
immune urine and blood therapy and avoid-
ance of environ-mental allergens, avoidance
or rotation of food allergens.
COLDS (nasal catarrh, coryza): are caused
by more than 100 different viruses; this is why
no vaccine has been made available. Symp-
toms last for 7-14 days regardless of therapy.
The incubation is very short (1-3 days) com-
pared to most viral infections (10-21 days)
with a sudden appearance ofsymptoms which
include tingling in nose and throat, scratchy
throat, nasal mucus, coughing, headache and
laryngitis. Elevatedtemperature or fever is
variable depending on the particular virus that
is causing the "cold."
Treatment of the "common cold" should in-
clude vitamin C to bowel tolerance,
bioflavonoids at 150 mg t.i.d., garlic gelatin
capsules at 10 mg t.i.d., base line supplement
program, chicken rice soup (proven by
Harvard to be "best cold therapy") for protein
(to replace that lost in the mucus — yes, mucus
is protein similar to egg white) and electrolytes
(especially potassium), bed rest, avoid chills,
homeopathy, herbs to include oldman's beard
(Usnea barbata), bigleaf linden (Tilia
platyphyllos), dogrose (Rosa canina), Euro-
pean elder (Sambucus nigra), European Holly
(Ilexaquifolium),hempacrimony(Eupatorium
cannabinum), purple coneflower (Echinacea
angustifolia), Queen-of-t he-meadow
(Filipendula ulmaria), sea buckthorn
(Hippophae rhamnoides), white willow (Salix
alba), wormwood (Artemisia absinthium),
yellowbark cinchona or Peruvian bark (Cin-
chona succiruba), feverfew (Chrysanthemum
104
parthenium), bachelor's buttons (Pyrethrum
parthenium), sweet balm (Melissa officinalis)
and cayenne pepper (Capsicum minimum).
COLIC (severe belly pain): can be initiated
by a variety of causes including food allergies,
hypochlorhydria (low stomach acid), gas
bubbles from fermentation, to more serious
causes such as kidney or gallstones or blocked
bowel. In this section, we will limit the discus-
sion to food allergies, hypochlorhydria and
fermentation since they are all three related.
Food allergies cause "celiac" like changes in
the gut resulting in malabsorption; bowel or-
ganisms "ferment" the unabsorbed nutrients
causing "bubbles" which cause sufficiently
sharp pain from distension to create "colic" -
this is especiallytrue in babies. In adults, stress
and/or food allergies can cause
hypochlorhydria allowing organisms to move
into the normally sterile stomach and ferment
food crating the "belch, burp and bloat" syn-
drome or "colic."
The treatment for colic in adults includes the
base line supplement program, betaine hy-
drochloride and pancreatic enzymes at 75-200
mg each t.i.d. 15 minutes before meals, pulse
testing to determine presence of food aller-
gies. In babies, pulse testing and diet diaries to
determine offending foods, pancreatic en-
zymes at 75-200 mg t.i.d. before meals (en-
zymes may be constipating), one to two drops
of flaxseed oil after each meal and B-6 at 10 mg
b.i.d. In older children and adults herbs in-
cluding dill (Peucedanumgraveolens) may be
of value.
COLITIS: is an inflammation of the colon
which can be caused by stress, food allergies,
bacterial orviral infections, low fiber diets, etc.
Symptoms vary from cramping and diarrhea
to constipation alternating with diarrhea,
bloody mucus, ulcerative colitis and
diverticulitis.
Treatment includes cathartics or antidian-heals
as necessary, high fiber meals (i.e., potato,
well cooked oat bran, multi-grain breads); do
avoid raw carrots, peanuts and corn for the
first week of therapy, use pulse test to deter-
mine if food allergies are involved - if so, use
rotation diet and autoimmune urine and blood
therapy, drink a minimum of eight glasses of
water each day as well as four to six cups full
of green leafy vegetables (i.e., spinach, cab-
bage, etc.) preferably steamed or cooked at
the start of therapy, oral hydrogen peroxide
(as SuperOxy Plus) 1 oz. b.i.d. and aloe pow-
der (Aloe vera) at 65-300 mg per day.
CONGESTED LUNGS (with bronchitis):
can be treated with homeopathy, acupunc-
ture, hydrotherapy to include a steam sauna,
massage, and herbs including penny royal
(Mentha pulegium) as concentrated tea.
CONGESTIVE HEART FAILURE: can be
caused by lung disease, high blood pressure,
nutritional deficiencies including B-l and se-
lenium. There is usually a rapid irregular heart
beat and edema (swelling from tissue water)
in the legs and/or belly cavity ("dropsy"). Two
medications stand out in their efficacy (these
herbs are even used by the "orthodox" doctors
): 1) Lily of the valley (Convallaria megalis)
and 2) foxglove (Digitalis purpura). These
two herbs can be taken as whole leaf prepara-
tions or fluid extracts (foxglove is potentially
dangerous so you should get commercially
prepared sources and advice on doses). En-
glish hawthorne (Crataegus oxyacantha) is a
useful herb for regulating heart rhythm and
treating dropsy of congestive heart failure,
however, may not be strong enough in severe
or advanced cases. The precipitating cause of
the congestive heart failure should be identi-
fied and dealt with aggressively.
105
COr^JUNCnVITIS: is an inflammation of the
membrane that forms the inner surface of the
eyelids and covers the white of the eye. Dust,
allergens (i.e., pollens), foreign bodies includ-
ing eyelashes and microorganisms (bacteria
and viruses) can all initiate conjunctivitis.
Treatment of conjunctivitis includes using
commercial eye washes (hydrogen peroxide
eye drops) and/or boric acid ophthalmic oint-
ment as appropriate. Pulling the upper lid
over the lower lid by grasping the eyelash,
lifting out.then down induces tear flow to
wash eye and flush foreign bodies.
CONSTIPATION: is not only uncomfortable
put a significant risk factor for cancer. If you
are not having two to three bowel movements
per day, you are constipated!!! Very frequently
exercise such as walking and eight glasses of
water per day will solve simple constipation.
Very frequently food allergies will initiate con-
stipation (do pulse test to determine this fac-
tor). Milk products, including cheese has a
constipating affect on certain individuals.
Treatment of constipation includes eight to
ten glasses of water per day, fiber/protein at 1
tbsp. in 8 oz. of juice b.i.d., rotation/elimina-
tion diet and autoimmune urine therapy for
allergies, four to six cups of vegetables per
day, exercise for 30 minutes per day, home-
opathy and herbs including castor oil (Rincinus
communis), olive oil (Olea europaea),
blackroot F(Leptondra virginica), American
mandrake (Podophyllum peltatum), alder
buckthorn (Rhamnus frangula), cascara
sagrada (Rhamnus purshiana), flaxseed or oil
(Linum usitatissimum), senna (Cassia
angustifolia) and psyllium (Plantago psyllium).
CONTRACEPTION: is historically a touchy
subject!! For knowledge of contraception and
abortion herbs midwives were deemed to be
"witches" and burned at the stake!! Today,
because of population problems, AIDS and
teen pregnancies contraception cannot be
ignored if we are to survive. Some govern-
ments have imposed "one child" limits on their
citizens, give free contraceptives to anyone
who asks for them and most are offering a
form of "sex education." Sex outside of mar-
riage is "Russian Roulette," anal sex is putting
a loaded gun to your mouth and pulling the
trigger!!!
Contraception is divided into abstinence, bar-
riers, hormones (this is the least desirable from
the standpoint of side effects), IUDs (intrauter-
ine devices - be careful here - remember the
Delcon Shield!!!), and surgery (vasectomy or
tying the fallopian tubes). The "rhythm"
method cannot be considered a safe form of
contraception outside of the mamage be-
cause of the AIDS risk and few couples have
the consistent self-control necessary to pre-
vent pregnancies.
CONVULSIONS (seizures, fits): are uncon-
trolled body movements set off by an electri-
cal malfunction of the brain. High "fevers" of
104.0-105.0 F are often a cause of convulsions
in children. Epilepsy is a form of convulsion
that is easily diagnosed by abnormal brain
waves seen on an EEG (electroencephalo-
gram). Unfortunately, the "orthodox" neu-
rologist doesn't think "allergy" when a hysteri-
cal mother brings a child to his office with a
history of one or more convulsions. The
"orthodox" approach to treating convulsions
is Dilantin and/or phenobarbital.
Treatment of nontemperature induced con-
vulsions can include a pulse test to determine
if allergies are a factor. If it is determined that
allergies are associated with the convulsions
the patient may avoid the foods or chemicals,
rotate foods on a five-day "rotation" diet and
106
take autoimmune urine therapy; supplements
of value include calcium and magnesium at
2,000 and 1,000 mg, B-6 at 100 mg b.i.d.,
chromium at 75-100 mcg t.i.d. and herbs to
include peony (Paeonia officinalia), catnip
(Nepeta cataria) andskullcap (Scutellaria
lateriflora). Chiropractic and acupuncture can
be of great value here.
COR PULMONALE: is classically thought of
as an enlargement of the right ventricle of the
heart as a result of severe and chronic lung
disease (i.e., asthma, cystic fibrosis,
bronchiectasis). There is usually a rapid pulse,
palpitations and edema of head, neck and
lungs (the latter can be fatal) and sometimes
there is angina. "Clubbing" of the finger and
toenails and cyanotic (blue from lack of oxy-
gen) nail beds is frequently seen when the
lung disease is chronic. X-ray will easily diag-
nose this problem.
Treatment of cor pulmonale includes resolv-
ing the precipitating lung disease and oxygen,
IV hydrogen peroxide and selenium at 500-
1,000 mcg per day.
COUGHS (catarrh, asthma, chest complaints):
are very bothersome and distracting to every-
one around the patient. Coughs can be caused
by minor irritations of the throat including
allergies (i.e., milk), viral infections and chemi-
cal irritations. If a fever is present don't rule out
milk allergies as milk allergies will cause a rise
in temperature - use the pulse test!!!
Treatment should include avoidance of any
allergen or irritant, autoimmune urine therapy
(if allergic), steam vaporizers at night for sleep,
and herbs to include anise (Pimpinella
anismum), English plantain (Plantago
lanceolata), licorice (Glycyrrhizaglabra), mul-
lein (Verbascum densi-florum), thyme (Thy-
mus vulgaris), onion (Alliumcepa), sweet
chestnut (Castanea vesca) and comfrey
(Symphytum officinale).
"CRABS" (pubic lice): are transmitted prima-
rily by sexual contact. The "crab" (Phthims
pubis) causes a great deal of pubic and anal
itching; they are relatively large yet difficult to
see. Very close inspection with good light-ing
is required to find these insects. Very fre-
quently dark "specks" of droppings of the lice
can be found in white underwear.
Treatment should include specially formu-
lated shampoos containing 1% gamma ben-
zene hexachloride and direct removal of any
visual "crabs."
"CRADLE CAP" (seborrheic dermatitis of
infants): can occur as early as one month of
age in babies. Cradle cap appears as a greasy
thick crust on the scalp, behind the ears and
face.
Treatment ofcradle cap includes shampooing
regularly to loosen die greasy scale, B-6 at 10-
25 mg per day and zinc at 15-25 mg per day.
Food allergies can contribute to this problem
- do a pulse test.
CROHN'S DISEASE (regional enteritis): is a
chronic infiltration or invasion of defensive
WBCs and "macropohages" (special scaven-
ger cells) into the terminal ileum (last portion
of small intestine that joins with the colon).
Several theories are currently in vogue as to
the cause of Crohn's Disease including infec-
tion withT.B-like organisms (similar tojohne's
Disease in camels!!!); of interest here is the
high incidence of Crohn's Disease in Minne-
sota compared with all other areas of the
United States. A second and perhaps more
realistic cause is a food allergy (i.e., milk), do
a pulse test and practice rigorous avoidance
program of any identified allergens - this will
107
prevent acute (sudden) attacks and actually
result in reversal of the Crohn's changes to
normal. Compare this with cortisone and
surgery that the "orthodox" medics would
have you choose!!!
Treatment of Crohn's Disease includes a high
fiber diet (be sure to do a pulse test to be sure
not to use the fiber you are allergic to!!), folic
acid at 5-10 mg t.i.d., vitamin A at 300,000 IU/
day as beta carotene, B-12 at 1,000 mcg/day
(best by injection in this disease), vitamin C to
bowel tolerance if it can be tolerated. Calcium
and magnesium at 2,000 and 1 ,000 mg per day
(don't forget the base line supplement pro-
gram here), selenium at 300 mcg t.i.d., chro-
mium at 75 mcg t.i.d. and zinc at 50 mg t.i.d.
Autoimmune urine therapy can be veiy use-
ful.
CUTS (lacerations): are caused by paper,
glass, metal, knives and tools. Most cuts, ex-
cept deep facial wounds, can be dealt with at
home without "stitches" (sutures). Superficial
cuts from kitchen knives, glass and metal can
be cleaned with soap and water. The edges of
the wound are then brought together with
butterfly bandages or wound strips (Fig. 10-1).
Actually there will be less scar formation with
this method than with sutures.
Cuts contaminated with dirt (resulting from
falls on gravel, concrete, wood or soil) need to
be washed with soap and water to remove
gross dirt and debris. The second step for
contaminated wounds is to flush well with 3%
hydrogen peroxide to "bubble" out the micro-
scopic dirt that harbor micro-organisms. The
wound edges can then be brought together
with butterfly bandages or wound strips, how-
ever, a drainage site should be provided (Fig.
10-2) to allow free exit to any possible infec-
tion. Bleeding from cuts can usually bestopped
with pressure bandages unless an artery is cut.
A cut artery will "spurt" blood each time the
heart contracts. Small arteries can usually be
controlled by pressure with a sterile sponge
(gauze square), bleeding from a large artery in
the arm or leg may require a tourniquet to
control until you get professional help.
CYSTIC FIBROSIS (mucoviscidosis): is the
"crime" of the century second only to diabetes
(and that is only because diabetes affects
millions and CF "only affects thousands each
year") in that it is preventable, 100% curable in
the early stages and can be far better managed
in chronic cases than it is currently managed
by "orthodox" medicine. Cystic fibrosis is an
important fatal disease of humans. CF was
originally thought to be limited to white popu-
lations of central European origin: today, CF
has been diagnosed in all peoples of the earth.
CF is thought to be genetically transmitted by
the "orthodox" pediatricians, yet "they" have
failed to prove their theory despite
multimillionsofdollarsspent in research. Clas-
sically, the diagnosis is made when any two of
four criteria are present (Table 10-1), yet most
"orthodox" pediatricians will not diagnose CF
without a positive "sweat test" (elevated level
of sodium, chloride and potassium in the
sweat -greater than 65 mEq/L.
The "sweat test" has been elevated by dogma
to "the diagnostic test" for CF yet there are at
least 17 known diseases and syndromes that
can give a positive sweat test (Table 10-2),
leading at least one group of investigators to
refer to CF as a syndrome rather than a disease.
Initially described in 1933, CF was first thought
to be the result of a vitamin A deficiency in
children dying with celiac disease. In 1938,
the term "cystic fibrosis" was coined because
the pathologist mistakenly thought the changes
in the pancreas were true cysts (fluid filled
108
spaces lined with normal tissue). It is well
known today that the "cysts" of CF are, in fact,
a dilation of the pancreatic functional unit
(acini) with atrophy (shrinking) of the lining
tissue. In 1952, the fact that congenital CF
occurred ina significant number ofCF patients
was established. The foundation of the ge-
netic theory of CF transmission is based on the
frequent congenital appearance and two very
poor papers, one published in 1913 which
claimed that two children with diarrhea had
an "inborn enor in fat metabolism" and one in
1965 that did an epidemiological study of a
group of 232 Australian families with CF —
despite six sets of twins, the study failed to
shed clear 1 ight on the proposed genetic theory
These papers were so poor they would not get
past the letter opener at any "orthodox" medi-
cal journal today. We have spent an inordi-
nate amount of time on CF because this syn-
drome again demonstrates very clearly that if
any medical specialty will be eliminated by
discovery, that discovery will never be given
to the public by die "orthodox" doctors!!!
In 1978, the first universally accepted diagno-
sis of CF in a laboratory animal was made by
one of us (Dr. Joel Wallach). The diagnosis
was based on characteristic CF changes in the
pancreas and liver in baby monkeys and were
confirmed by CF experts from Johns Hopkins
School of Medicine, Emory University and the
University of Chicago!! Experts from NIH and
the CF Foundation were overjoyed - that is
until they learned that one of us (Wallach)
could reproduce the CF changes with
acongenital selenium deficiency in almost any
animal species. With this revelation, Wallach
was fired with 24 hours notice and "black-
balled" from research (to show you how ruth-
less they are, Wallach was fired ten days after
his wife died of cancer).
It has been learned recently that the positive
"sweat test" is the result of an essential fatty
acid deficiency that causes a secondary defi-
ciency of "prostaglandin" (very short lived
hormones) that control the sodium, chlorides
and potassium levels of the sweat!!! Remem-
ber the talk by the distinguished anthropolo-
gist, Dr. Johnathon Leaky, Sr. who said "the
more facts you have, die better the truth you
have."
The prevention of CF has been accomplished
in pet, farm and laboratory animals by the
veterinary profession by assuring adequate
levels of selenium and essential fatty acid
nutriture to the preconception, pregnant and
nursing mother. This is not as easy as it sounds
because of malabsorption problems (i.e., ce-
liac diseases and Crohn's Disease) in a per-
centage of women!!! All things being normal
a supplementation of 200 mcg selenium per
day and 5 gm of flaxseed oil t.i.d. would be
adequate to prevent CF.
Treatment of CF is very basic - treat the infant
as early as possible with selenium IM at 10-25
mcg per day. Plant derived colloidal minerals
may be used orally thereafter. Provide 5 gm of
flaxseed oil orally t.i.d. Most importantly YOU
MUST DETERMINE IFTHE INFANT IS ALLER-
GIC TO WHEAT, COWS MILK OR SOY!!! If
you do not correct the malabsorption prob-
lem, treatment will only be minimally effec-
tive. In the case of older CF patients, IV
essential fatty acids and IM selenium provide
excellent management leading to a normal life
expectancy of 75 years!!! Compare this ap-
proach to the heart and lung transplant offered
by the "orthodox" pediatricians!!!! If the proper
treatment is carried out, the "typical CF lung
disease" will not develop. The lungs of CF
patients are normal at birth and only develop
bronchiectasis after chronic essential fatty acid
and copper deficiencies have taken their toll.
Don't forget the base line nutritional supple-
mentation here!
109
Wc went to China in 1988 to study Keshan
Disease, a known selenium deficiency dis-
ease of Chinese children. We studied 1,700
autopsies and found 595 cases or 35% had
pancreatic CF (remember CF is supposed to
be "genetic disease of children of middle Eu-
ropean extract" - to justify this finding the
proponents of the genetic theory will no doubt
claim that a very virile English missionary
impregnated 125,000 Chinese girls and, un-
fortunately, he was "carrying the gene for CF."
CYSTITIS (bladder infection): is a common
urinary bladder infection in women. Low
immune status, improper hygiene habits fol-
lowing bowel movements, pantyhose that are
too tight and frequent sexual activity (the
reason for the tenu - "honeymoon disease")
are common causes. The symptoms include
frequency, urgency and burning on urination.
The diagnosis can frequently be made from
symptoms alone, however, a urine "dipstick"
test will show a positive nitrate test (indicating
bacterial infection) and will be positive for a
large number ofWBCs in the specimen; blood
may be present in severe infections (it may
also be present during the menstrual period so
if the nitrate is negative and no WBCs are
present, disregard). In older individuals, cys-
tic calculi (bladder stones) may be considered,
especially in males.
Treatment of cystitis consists of acidifying the
urine by consuming one to two quarts of
cranberry juice per day for the first day then
reducing the intake to one quart per day; herbs
are very useful and include bearberry
(Arctostaphylos uva-ursi), birch (Betula
pendula, B. pubescens), juniper (Junipems
communis), lovage (Levisticum officinale),
prickly restharrow (Ononis spinosa) and rup-
ture wort (Herniaria glabra).
DANDRUFF: is caused by a change in the
surface cells of the scalp which results in a
"scaling" or "flaking." This change is caused by
one or more nutritional deficiencies. Dan-
druff may or may not be accompanied by
itching.
Treatment of dandruff includes washing the
hair in vinegar to remove all of the loose
scales. Oral supplementation with flaxseed
oil at 5 gm t.i.d., PABA at 100 mg/day, vitamin
E at 800-1,200 IU/day, B-6 at 50 mg t.i.d.,
300,000 IU vitamin A as beta carotene and zinc
at 50 mg t.i.d. and colloidal minerals are rec-
ommended.
DEMENTIA (memory loss, as in senile): is
a common symptom yet not a true result of
aging. Nutritional deficiencies and alcohol-
ism are the common causes of dementia.
Symptoms include loss of recent memoiy,
inability to do simple thinking tasks such as
math or spelling, losing things, forgetting
names, etc. The use of memoiy enhancing
dmgs such as hydergine and piracetam will
provide excellent prevention of dementia
when used to augment good nutrition and
supplement program. Don't forget the base
line supplement program and colloidal min-
erals. Avoid metallic aluminum in any form
(i.e., deodorants, cookingutensils, etc.). Check
patient for food allergies and hypoglycemia
and take appropriate action if either are posi-
tive.
Treatment of dementia includes B-l at 100 mg
t.i.d., B-6 at 50 mg t.i.d., B-3 at 450 mg q.i.d.
(time release), folic acid at 3-5 mg/day, cho-
line at 500-1,000 mg/day, lecithin at 2,500 mg
b.i.d., vitamin E at 800-1 ,200 IU/day, vitamin C
to bowel tolerance, copper at 2-3 mg/day,
magnesium at 1,000 mg/clay, zinc at 50 mg
t.i.d., hydergine at 9 mg/day, vasopressin
(Diapid) at 12-16 units/day, centrophenoxine
(Lucidril) at 4.4-8.0 gm/day and Piracetam at
no
TABLE 10-1 : Four Criteria For The Clinical Diagnosis of Cystic Fibrosis
1. Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency
2. Bronchiectasis
3. Positive Sweat Test
4. Family History of the Disease
TABLE 10-2:
Diseases and Syndromes That Have Reported Positive Sweat Test. (1
3, 9, 68, 69, 72)
1. Adrenal Insufficiency
2. Ectodermal Dysplasia
3. Nephrogenic Diabetes Insipidus
4. Glucose-6 Phosphate Deficiency
5. Pupillatonia / Autonomic Dysfunction
6. Allergies
7. Calcifying Pancreatitis
8. Anorexia Nervosa
9. Cystic Fibrosis
10. Focal Hepatic Cirrhosis
1 1 Derangement of Prostaglandin Metabolism
12. Hypothyroidism
13. Fucosidosis
15. Malnutrition
16. Kwashiorkor
17. Diabetes
ill
FIG. 10-1: Butterfly Bandages for Clean Wounds.
FIG. 10-2: Butterfly Bandages for Contaminated Wounds.
/
112
2.4-4.8 mg/day, and betaine HC1 and pancre-
atic enzymes at 75-200 mg t.i.d. 15-20 minutes
before meals.
DEPRESSION (manic depression): is a com-
mon problem in the human population
throughout the world -so common that phar-
maceutical companies specialize solely in
antidepressant drugs. It should be no sur-
prise, however, that very few of the suppos-
edly "expert" psychiatrists ever consider
hypoglycemia and food allergies when they
do an intake history on a patient who com-
plains of depression. Before you run off and
spend $75-$ 1 50 per session with a "shrink," do
a "pulse test" and a six-hour GTT on yourself
(ifyou're really depressed, you will have to get
a family member to help you am these tests to
completion. Look for "allergic shiners at the
peak of depression. Spontaneous crying,
thoughts ofsuicide and hopelessness are com-
mon; depression may be cyclic as in PMS
(premenstrual syndrome). Food allergies,
hypoglycemia and PMS account for 90% of
the diagnosed "depression" today. Avoid caf-
feine.
Treatment of depression should include deal-
ing with the food allergies (i.e., avoidance,
rotation, autoimmune urine/blood therapies)
and hypoglycemia (i.e., hypoglycemia diet
and chromium/vanadium supplementation
at 50-200 mcg t.i.d.; base line
supplementprogram, iron at 45 mg/day, B-6,
B-2, B-l at 50 mg t.i.d., B-l 2 at 1,000 mcg/day,
vitamin C to bowel tolerance, calcium and
magnesium at 2,000 mg and 1,000 mg/day,
potassium at 250 mg q.i.d. , essential fatty acids
at 5 gm t.i.d. and dl-phenylalanine, 1-trypto-
phane and 1-tyrosine at 2 gm t.i.d. each. Plant
derived colloidal minerals with lithium can be
useful.
DERMA iniSCatopic, eczema, herpetiformis):
is a common form of skin disease but, unfor-
ainately, treated incorrectly by the "orthodox"
dermatologists who typically used cortisone
or prednisone creams. Ninety-seven percent
of these patients have food allergies to wheat
gluten, almost equal numbers are sensitive to
cow's milk - the scary thing is what you see on
the skin is also happening in the lining of your
small intestine -the lesions on your skin are a
cosmetic problem - the lesions on your intes-
tine area a serious life-threatening absorption
problem which, in the end, will deplete your
immune system of essential nutrients and re-
sult in a variety of serious illnesses (i.e., diabe-
tes, cancer, arthritis, birth defects, etc.).
Atopic dermatitis is characterized by patchy
areas of crusty, weeping lesions frequently
located on the lips, ears, neck, hands and
joints. Atopic dermatitis is veiy frequently
associa-ted with asthma — both together in the
same patient is referred to as "atopy" or an
"atopic patient."
Eczema is essentially the same lesion as atopic
dermatitis but less localized.
Herpetiformis type dermatitis is characterized
by clusters of itchy blisters that look like a
Herpes eniption.
Hair loss, or alopecia, is a commonly asso-
ciated problem with any of the above
dermatitis and a concurrent essential fatty
acid deficiency.
Treatment of all three of the above manifesta-
tions of dermatitis should include a gluten free
and cow's milk free diet. It is also pmdent to
do a "pulse test" on frequently consumed
foods to determine if they are also affecting
you. The supplementation of essential fatty
acids are 5 gm q. i. d. ,PABA at 200 mg q.i.d. and
113
betaine HC1 and digestive enzymes at 75-200
mg each t.i.d. before meals should be added
on top of the base line supplement program.
Have patience, it will take 60-90 days to heal
the intestinal lesions to the point where you
can absorb nutrients efficiently. Vitamin A at
300,000 IU/day as beta carotene and zinc at 50
mg t.i.d. and colloidal minerals.
DIABETES: is the number one shame of the
"orthodox" doctors in the 20th century. Diabe-
tes is easy to prevent, easy to cure and treat so
you can avoid all of the tenible side effects
(i.e., blindness, hypertension, amputations,
early death, etc.). Since 1958, it has been
known that supplemental chromium will pre-
vent and treat diabetes as well as hypoglycemia
-just ask any health food store owner or N.D.!!
The facts associated with chromium and dia-
betes were published in the Federation Pro-
ceeding by Walter Mertz (the director of the
U.S.D.A. field services). Here is the ultimate
case of a whole specialty of medicine being
wiped out by universal chromium supple-
mentation but kept secret and away from the
public for economic reasons!!!! Additionally
the University ofVancouver, BC, Canada stated
that " Vanadium will replace insulin for adult
onset diabetics" !!
Chromium/vanadium and the diabetes story
should be on the front page of the newspaper
in the same bold print as VE DAY instead of
any type of artificial heart pump that will save
one life for $250,000!!!!
The diagnosis of diabetes is very easy and it
should be considered in any disease where
there is a chronic weight loss or weight gain.
Frequent urination and chronic thirst are warn-
ing signs that should be explored. A six-hour
GTT will show a steep rise of blood glucose at
30-60 minutes to over 275 mg % and may keep
rising to over 350 and stay elevated after 4-6
hours. The urine should be tested for sugar
with the "dipstick" test every time the blood is
tested for sugar. A positive diabetic will al-
ways include a positive urine sugar during the
six-hour GTT. A morning fasting urine sugar
test is useless for the initial diagnosis of diabe-
tes. Blood of the diabetic is also typical in that
the lipids and cholesterol are elevated as well
as the sugar.
Treatment of diabetes should include chro-
mium and Vanadium at 25 mcg/day in the
initial stages to prevent "insulin shock" (sud-
den dropping of blood sugar because of a
relative insulin overdose). Keep checking
urine blood sugar before and after meals, as
the blood sugar level drops and you can
reduce your insulin one or two units per day,
go up to 25 mcg b.i.d., then t.i.d. ; then go to 50
mcg b.i.d. , etc. You will also need to deal with
food allergies that cause celiac-type intestinal
lesions (i.e., wheat gluten, cow's milk, soya,
etc.) and supplement with betaine HC1 and
digestive enzymes at 75-200 mg t.i.d. before
meals. Have patience - the intestinal lesions
take 60-90 days to heal.
Treatment of diabetes should also include
zinc at 50 mg t.i.d., B-complex at 50 mg t.i.d.
(be sure to include niacin which is part of the
GTF "glucose tolerance factor"), essential fatty
acids at 5 gm t.i.d., B-12 at 1,000 mcg/day,
bioflavonoids includingquercetin at 150 mg/
day, copper at 2-3 mg/day, lecithin at 2,500 mg
t.i.d. and glutathione at 100 mg/day.
High fiber, no processed carbohydrates and
avoid meat in the beginning stages of the
therapy -the reason is that every time you eat
processed carbohydrate (i.e., sugar, honey,
alcohol, mashed potatoes, etc.) you will loose
300% more chromium in your urine than
when you consume complex cartohydrates!
Herbs are useful in treating diabetes and may
include licorice (Glycynhiza glabra), jabo-
114
randi (Pilocarpus jaborandi), yarrow (Achillea
Millefolium), Canadian fleabane (Erigeron
canadense) and Jerusalem artichoke.
DIAPER RASH: is all too frequent in babies
and toddlers, not only because of infrequent
changes but also because of food allergies
(i.e. , wheat, cow's milk, soya,corn, etc.). Do a
pulse test on babies as you introduce them to
new foods (be sure to test the old ones, too),
use avoidance or rotation diet systems, B-6 at
5-25 mgt.i.d.,zincat5-15mgb.i.d. and vitamin
E oil and/or aloe vera topically. Plant derived
colloidal minerals are fantastic for diabetics !!
DIARRHEA (dysentery): can be caused by
simply eating too much of a good thing (i.e.,
fruit, juices, etc.), food allergies (i.e., celiac
disease, strawberries, fish, etc.), soap inges-
tion from improperly rinsed dishes or can
indicate a more serious problem such as para-
sites, food poisoning or even cancer. Knowl-
edge of your own body and how it reacts is
important here as you will have to sort things
out - did you go to an apple farm yesterday
and eat a peck of apples? Have you had
diarrhea since your trip to Mexico? What medi-
cations are you on? Have you been losing
weight and have diarrhea off and on for six
months? If the latter, you may consider "irri-
table bowel syndrome" or the more serious
cancer - at any rate you should consider a
"lower GI" or a colonoscopic exam.
Treatment for simple diarrhea can include
commercial products such as Pepto Bismol or
Kaopectate, charcoal capsules, fiber, andherbs
including American blackberry (Rubus
villosus), barley (Hordeum distichon), clove
root (Geumur-banum), whortleberry
(Vaccinium myrtillus), black currant (Ribes
nigrum), hounds tongue (Cynoglossum
officinale), Lady's mantle (Alchemilla vulgaris)
and tormentil blood root (Potentilla erecta).
DIETING (weight loss): is a common prac-
tice in the western world because "thin is in."
There are some basic habits that will help the
weight loss effort and help keep the weight
off:
1) First, avoid caffeine as it causes a drop in
blood sugar 30-90 minutes after consumption
and thus creates "hunger pangs."
2) Drink eight (8) glasses of water each day as
many trips to the ice box are caused by thirst
rather than hunger and a restricted diet doesn't
decrease your need for water but does reduce
your water intake from food.
3) Diagnose any health problems you may
have such as addictive food allergies (pulse
test), hypoglycemia (six-hour GTT) or
hypothyroidism (basal body temperature) that
might contribute to a weight problem.
4) Don't skip meals - eat a breakfast like a
Queen (or King), lunch like a princess (or
prince) and dinner like a pauper. Stay on a
meal schedule; if you are going out to eat,
don't skip a meal but rather have one of those
high fiber/low cal drinks or food bars to
assure a limited calorie intake -then enjoy
your dinner date!!! Remember, in the long run
it's the basic habits that will help you lose
weight and keep it off.
5) Exercise, if done in moderation and on a
schedule, will help you loose weight and not
make you overly hungry for a snack - eat a
piece of fruit or have some nuts after exercise;
don't wait three hours until your next meal to
eat or drink. The plant derived colloidal
minerals are excellent after event refreshers.
6) Before meal fibers (i.e., oat bram diet tabs)
taken with eight oz.s of water 30 minutes
before meals will help curb appetite.
115
7) Don't forget the base line supple-ments -
remember restricted diets restrict nutrients.
Plant derived colloidal minerals are fantastic
here!!
8) Essential fatty acids in the form of flaxseed
oil at 5 gm t.i.d. will help regulate and normal-
ize fat metabolism.
9) Thyroid will help if your basal body tem-
perature is low (below 98.7 F). Too much will
cause increase in basal pulse rate and make
you speedy and unable to sleep—start out with
3 gr. and cut back or add to as needed.
10) If you do all of the above, you will be slim,
slim, slim!!!
DIURETIC: broom-corn (Sorghum vulgare)
DIURETIC &LAXATIVE: asparagus (Aspara-
gus officinalis)
DnjRETIC & CATHARTIC: broom (Cystisus
scoparius)
DIVERTICULrnS: is an inflammation of the
small pea sized sacs in the outerwall of the
colon. This inflammation is the result of a low
fiber diet over a long period of time which
allows tiny concretions to build up to a size
that does not allow them to exit into the colon.
These concretions irritate the colon wall to the
point of causing painful spasm. Prevention
includes high fiber diet (i.e., oat bran, 4-6 cups
of vegetables per day, etc.). Certain foods,
including corn, peanuts and raw carrots can
result in severe spasms. Rarely is blood de-
tected in the stool with uncomplicated
diverticulitis. Diverticulitis is easily diagnosed
with a lower GI series.
Treatment of diverticulitis includes colonics
two to three times per week, high fiber diet,
eight glasses of water per day and regular
exercise.
DOUCHE: is a useful feminine hygiene prac-
tice, especially if one has a history of dis-
charges or infection. Retention douches are
particularly effective — this is accomplished
best in a bathtub with the feet up on the sides
to aid in retaining the fluid for 10-15 minutes.
Use 4-8 oz. of diluted vinegar (4 oz/pint of
warm distilled water, 1 1/2% hydrogen perox-
ide (4-8 oz.), bayberry myrtle (Myrica cerifera)
(one oz. powdered bark to one pint water -
warm to body temperature), and numerous
commercial products. Plain unsweetened yo-
gurt or Superdolph capsules emptied into
warm water (10-20 per 4 oz.) maybe used to
replant Lactobacillus acidophilus to normal-
ize flora after vaginitis and/or antibiotic therapy.
DROPSY(waterbelly, abdominal edema):
is a common occurrence in chronic kidney,
liver or heart disease and cancer. Low protein
diets will also result in "dropsy." "Dropsy" is
fluid accumulating in the belly cavity because
the protein content of theblood is so low that
fluid can't be held in the blood vessels (an
osmotic gradient); poor circulation becauseof
liver or heart disease is also a common cause.
Treatment of dropsy should include an im-
provement of the protein level of the blood, IV
amino acids and the basic health of the liver,
kidneys and heart and diuresis. Herbs are
particularly useful and may include foxglove
(Digitalis purpurea) - BE CAREFUL HERE;
THIS PLANTIS POTENTIALLY DANGEROUS,
lily-of-the-valley (Convallaria magalis), English
hawthome (Crataegusoxycanthus), Canadian
fleabane (Erigeron canadense), kidney bean
(Phaseolus vulgaris), Scotch broom (Cystisus
scoparius), parsley (Petroselinum crispum),
prickly restharrow (Ononis Spinosa) and nettle
(Urtica urens).
116
DRY SKIN: is a common malady in the west-
em world; it, in itself, is a cosmetic problem;
however, it is a signal of a potentially more
serious problem - essential fatty acid defi-
ciency that can result in cardiovascular disease
(i.e., stroke, heart attack, etc.). Superficial
creams will temporarily deal with the superfi-
cial problem but the more ominous results of
the bodies deficiency of essential fatty acids
can be sudden and deadly!!! DSM/EFA or "dry
skin means essential fatty acids"!!! If you are
supplementing with more than 50,000-100,000
units ofvitamin A, dry skin may signal the early
stages of vitamin A overdose.
Treatment of diy skin includes flaxseed oil
orally at 5 gm t.i.d., B-6 at 50 mg t.i.d., zinc at
50 mg t.i.d. , vitamin E at 800-1 ,200 IU/day and
if you are not supplementing vitamin A in
excess, use vitamin A at 300,000 units/day as
beta carotene.
DUMPING SYNDROME: is the sudden
"dumping" of stomach contents into the small
intestine all at once, thus overloading the
natural intestinal buffer system. The resulting
acid conditions in the intestine prevents proper
functioning of pancreatic enzymes which re-
quire an alkaline environment. Dumping
syndrome is a common side effect of stomach
surgery. Anemia and osteoporosis are com-
mon secondary diseases of the dumping syn-
drome.
Treatment of the dumping syndrome should
include any of the classic "bitters" (i.e., gen-
tian, Gentiana lutea), folic acid at 3-5 mg/day,
pectin at 1/2 oz. in water before meals, high
animal protein diets, andyou should lay down
for a half hour after meals. Don't forget the
base line supplements here!!!
DYSENTERY (diarrhea): is characterized
by a watery projectile dianhea that creates
cramping, urgency and exhaustion from loss
of electrolytes. Causes of dysentery range
widely from "too rich" a diet (usually too much
party - such as wine, lobster, creamy desserts,
etc.), improperly stored food that results in
bacterial overgrowth, food poisoning, food
allergies (i.e., celiac disease), etc. Prevention
of dysentery requires attention to details of
food storage, hygiene, self-discipline, and
preparation.
If you have a busy schedule that can't be
altered, you will have to resort to commercial
products such as Pepto-Bismol or Kaopectate
(fortunately, they have tablets that you can
quietly carry with you on your enands). Weak
black tea, rice water, lime water, chicken
broth or bouillon to replace electrolytes (an-
other good source are the athletic "thirst
quenchers." Herbs such as Irish moss
(Chondrus crispus) and common ivy (Hedera
helix) are of great benefit in quieting the run
away colon!!!
DYSLEXIA (learning disorder, hyper-ac-
tivity): is a complex syndrome rather than a
specific disease. To be sure, there are some
dyslexic children who have true organic or
biochemical brain injury who will require
intense "special" education and training pro-
grams; however, it is a sad testimony to Ameri-
can "orthodox" medicine that as many as 80%
of these "dyslexic" kids are really suffering
from food allergies and/or sugar sensitivity
(where sugar acts as a drug and produces a
"pharmacological effect" just like "speed").
These food sensitivities create learning dis-
abilities that "mimic" organic disease and too
many salvageable kids are put on drugs (i.e.,
Ritalin), shunted off into "special" education
programs or worse yet, given up on as "lost" by
frightened, frustrated families. Food allergies
and sensitivities should be seriously investi-
gated and dealt with (i.e., pulse test, elimina-
117
tion diets and diet diaries) if these children are
to have a fair shot at a normal life.
I speak with a great deal of experience with
this problem as myyoungest son was deemed
to be a "learning disabled" child (zero brain
waves would be a better description -at age six
he couldn't print his first name or count to ten).
To make a long story short, he was cured in
two weeks by eliminating sugar, milk, wheat
and corn from his diet. His teachers were
convinced that I had exchanged him with his
"normal" twin - they couldn't believe such a
turn around with just a dietary program!!! To
condemn a "dyslexia" child without investi-
gating food allergies and sensitivities is equal
to finding an innocent man "guilty" of murder
and sentenced to life in prison - what a waste
and what a tragedy!!!
Treatment and prevention are closely inter-
twined. Digestive enzymes and betaine HCl
are essential to prevent progression of the
problem as well as aid in onset of symptoms.
The "Feingold Diet" is a good place to start,
however, it, in itself, is not a "shield" to be
totally relied upon. There are many foods and
food additives not excluded by the Feingold
program that will set off some kids like sky
rockets (we had one dyslexic child patient that
did everything the Feingold Diet required
except eliminate honey - we found him on top
of a 40 foot dome!). Rotation diets, allergy
elimination diets and autoimmune urine
therapy should be aggressively pursued - the
rewards are beyond your wildest expecta-
tions.
DYSMENORRHEA (menstrual pain): is a
common event in western women, so com-
mon that it is frequently considered part of
PMS. Sometimes the discomfort of
dysmenorrhea is intense enough to be debili-
tating. There are a number of excellent com-
mercial products that will dampen the pain
but not deal with the basic problem - an
abnormal prostaglandin metabolism.
Treatment includes B-3 and B-6 at 50-100 mg
t.i.d., calcium and magnesium at 2,000 and
1,000 mg/day, vitamin E at 800-1,200 IU/day,
essential fatty acids at 5 gm t.i.d. Don't forget
the base line nutritional supplements and
avoid caffeine. Herbs such as blue cohosh
(Caulophyllum thalictroides) and black co-
hosh (Cimicifuga racemosa) are the ideal natu-
ral approach to pain of dysmenorrhea.
DYSPEPSIA (poor digestion, indigestion):
is characterized by "belching, bloating, burp-
ing" and "acid stomach." Dyspepsia is prob-
ably the most common "disease" in the west-
ern world and is certainly the most costly from
the amount of money spent on "relief." Even
more costly is the secondary results of chronic
dyspepsia (i.e., food allergies, osteoporosis,
anemia, debilitated immune system, degenera-
tive disease!!!!). Prevention includes reduced
stress levels, exercise, healthful diet habits and
reasonable food volumes. An unforgiving
event as we age is a decrease in stomach acid
production, the main cause of dyspepsia in
seniors, prevention in this case includes the
regular use of digestive aids.
Treatment of dyspepsia includes supplemen-
tation of 75-200 mg betaine HCl and pancre-
atic enzymes t.i.d. 15-30 minutes before each
meal (the "acid" is not acid enough and is
burped up with bacterially generated gas),
"antacids" are a good "temporary fix" in an
emergency (regular use will eventually dam-
age you), herbal preventions and remedies
include papaya (Carica papaya), common
barberry (Berberis vulgaris) and bitters such
as gentian (Gentiana lutea). In some cases, a
glass of wine or several oz. of vinegar before
meals will be helpful.
118
EARACHE (ear infections): tonsillitis,
sinusitis and bronchitis are related in cause,
prevention and cure. Allergies to cow's milk
is the most frequent common denominator, so
well does it mimic strep throat (including pain
and fever) that most "orthodox" doctors will
prescribe penicillin syrup for affected children
over the phone!!! The "orthodox" EENT will
want to surgically place "tubes" in the ears of
infants and toddlers to treat "chronic earaches.
Simple avoidance of cow's milk and cow's
milk products willprevent chronic "earaches"
and tonsillitis.
Treatment of milk allergy "earaches" and ton-
sillitis includes avoidance of milk and milk
products, avoidance of sugar, treat fever and
discomfort with demulcents and antipyretics
(i.e., willow, Salix alba), hydrogen peroxide
eardrops and/or mullein oil drops (Verbascum
thapsus). Treat as with any allergy including
autoimmune urine therapy. True strep throat
requires the use of penicillin.
ECCHYMOSIS (easy bruising): is very com-
mon, especially in women and children on
low fiber, low fruit and low vegetable diets
(i.e., fast foods, lots of coffee, tea and soft
drinks).
Treatment includes alfalfa tablets at 4-6 b.i.d.,
vitamin C to bowel tolerance, vitamin K at 15
mg/day, vitamin E at 800-1 ,200 IU/day and 4-
6 cups of green vegetables each day.
ECZEMA (atopic dermatitis, psoriasis): is
a dry patchy scale on localized skin areas (i.e.,
ears, nose, joints, breasts, etc.). Eczema is
usually the result of food allergies, especially
cow's milk, wheat and soy. Do pulse tests and
elimination diets to determine the culprits.
This is not only a cosmetic problem as the
same damage is occumng in the intestinal
lining which can lead to malabsorption, low-
ered immune status and chronic degenerative
diseases.
Treatment includes avoidance of offending
foods, autoimmune urine therapy, betaine
HCl and pancreatic enzymes at 75-200 mg
t.i.d. before meals each day, folic acid at 3-5
mg/day, essential fatty acids at 5 mg t.i.d.,
vitamin A at 300,000 IU/day as beta carotene,
zinc at 50 mg t.i.d., vitamin C at bowel toler-
ance and vitamin E at 800-1200 IU/day;
topicalherbs include aloe vera (Aloe spp.),
wild strawberry (Fragaria vesca), araroba
(andira araroba) and Labrador tea (Ledum
latifolium), comfrey (Symphytum officinale),
English walnut (Juglans regia), European sna-
keroot (Aristolochia clematitis), flaxseed or
linseed oil (Linum usitatisimum), German cha-
momile (Matricaria chamomilla), great bur-
dock (Arctium lappa), high mallow (Malvia
sylvestris), hounds tongue (Cynoglossum
officinale), marigold (Calendula officinalis),
oak (Quercus robur) and pansy (Viola tri-
color); Dermese orally, IM or topically gives
great results.
EJACULATION (premature): is a common
problem in today's busy world. Premature
ejaculation is usually equated as "poor perfor-
mance" on the part of the male, however, can
easily be prevented and cured if both the "guy"
and "doll" understand the basic cause. Again
"orthodox" sexologist would have you be-
lieve that there is a "mental block" or some
"deep seated guilt trip" that you have to deal
with - anything to keep you coming again
(pardon the pun). The true basics of prema-
ture ejaculation (it happens to all men given
the classic circumstances) include a mental
state of high expectation, infrequency of sex
and too much friction. The "orthodox" ap-
proach to therapy is to "think of draining your
car's oil" so you're not thinking of sex (how
absurd can you get) how can you participate
119
in the sex act and not be aware of sex - who
would want to??
Treatmentand prevention ofpremature ejacu-
lation are interrelated. The most important
part of the treatment is to be very open about
you and your "doll's" body (have you ever
wondered why hippie gurus were so good at
sex?). Spend a lot of time together naked, take
showers together, read in bed together naked
on top of thecovers, have sex in any room (ob-
viously you have to make sure the kids are
somewhere else), give each other massages
(both naked) until the sight of each other's
naked body is no big deal.
Step number two is to have frequent sex; this
definitely requires effort by both the "guy" and
the "doll." Frequent sex means two to three
times per night three to four nights per week.
This is easier than it sounds when both are
cooperating. The "doll" can't expect the "guy"
to give a marathon performance once each
week when she's in a high demand state but
has been fending the "guy" off all week be-
cause she is into shopping with the girls or
taking the kids to ballet, aerobics, movies and
grandma's. For the "guy's" part, he can't expect
the "doll" to be receptive regularly if he isn't
"romantic" (i.e., kindness, flowers, dancing,
gifts, compliments, wine, perfume, shower,
shave, after-shave - you know, just like when
you were courting) - the "wham, bam, thank
you, mame" just isn't attractive to the "dolls."
The third aspect of preventing and curing
premature ejaculation is lubrication. The "guy"
must make sure that the "doll" is properly
lubricated. This can be accomplished in many
ways, including the "dolls" natural lubrication
that results from emotional excitement and
sexual stimulation. If the "doll" is a slow
responder, the "guy" can liberally cover his
penis with a water soluble gel (i.e., K-Y Jelly)
as well as apply some to the vaginal opening.
Slowly insert the penis into the vagina and just
"letitsoak." Afterawhile, the "doll" relaxes and
the "guy" can move around a little without
premature ejaculation. This is one process
that there are no short cuts for (who would
want any??!!). Herbs, ginseng (Panax spp.)
and herb combinations(Zumba) are excellent
tonifying agents for increasing the "guy's" po-
tency.
ELECTRIC SHOCK: can be fatal, even with
the 110 electric outlets in the home. Toddlers
sticking bobby pins or keys into the outlet can
have a fatal shock, radios or appliances falling
into the bathtub can be fatal to adults as can
electrical repairs without turning offthe break-
ers. Electricity kills by disrupting the electrical
signals of the heart's regulating mechanism
which causes the heart to "fibrillate" (quiver
rather than beat normally) and the breathing
muscles to become paralyzed.
Treatment of electric shock includes shutting
off the source of electricity or breaking the
electrical contact with the patient and reestab-
lishing the basic functions of life with CPR
(cardio pulmonary resuscitation) and oxygen.
HAVE SOMEONE CALL 911 FOR EMER-
GENCY HELP!!
EMESIS (vomiting): is a distressing event
that may indicate overeating, cancer, exces-
sive alcohol consumption, poisoning, food
poisoning, food allergies, infection (i.e., flu,
EBV, Candida, etc.). In infants, vomiting with
lethargy (unresponsive) and fever can be an
ominous signal indicating meningitis. You
may wish to cause vomiting when a child (or
adult, for that matter) consumes a noncorro-
sive poison (i.e., rat poisons, toxic plants,
household chemicals, etc.). "Coffee grounds"
vomiting indicates large amounts of blood
from a bleeding ulcer and/or stomach cancer
120
and is a critical sign as death from uncontrolled
bleeding can occur — seek emergency help
here. Early pregnancy often times will be
heralded by nausea and vomiting ("morning
sickness").
Treatment ofvomiting can be simply to not eat
for several hours, suck ice, drink small amounts
of peppermint tea, drink small amounts of
chicken or beef bouillon. Drinking small
volumes of athletic fluid/electrolyte replacers
is of value. If stomach initation is severe don't
be bashful about taking Pepto Bismol or
Kaopectate —preferably the liquid to coat the
stomach.
To cause vomiting in case of nonconosive
poisoning including dmg ingestion, you can
use the ipecac syrup from your home "phar-
macy" at 1 tbsp. for children and 2 tbsp. for
adults; have the patient take in a large amount
of water (one quart for an adult and as much
as one pint for a child); repeat the dose in 15
minutes if necessary.
ENURESIS (bedwetting): in children is an-
other one of those outrageous syndromes
botched by the "orthodox" pediatrician or,
worse yet, the psychiatrist!! The "orthodox"
view of enuresis is that it is "genetic," associ-
ated with "passive-aggressive" behavior, "de-
pendency," "sleepwalk-ing," "antisocial" be-
havior, and "speech disorders." Enuresis is, in
fact, the result of food allergies (i.e., sugar,
milk, etc.) and/or severe reactive
hypoglycemia; calcium/ magnesium deficien-
cies complicate the food allergies and
hypoglycemia. All the behavioral symptoms
associated with enuresis are pretty typical of
"hyperactivity" which again is caused by the
food allergies and/or the hypoglycemia.
Employ the pulse test and a six-hour GTT to
get a complete picture of the cause.
Treatment of enuresis includes eliminating
the offending foods for food allergies, elimi-
nating sugar (including sweet juices, i.e., grape
and apple) from bedtime treats, digestive aids
(i.e., betaine HC1 and pancreatic enzymes) at
75-200 mg t.i.d. 15-20 minutes before meals,
calcium and magnesium at 2,000 mg and
1,000 mg; don't forget the base line supple-
ment program and colloidal minerals.
EPILEPSY (fits, convulsions): is classically
categorized by severity: 1) "petite mal," or
small seizure, is often times a blank stare or
dizziness that comes over the patient for but a
brief moment; 2) "grand mal," or large sei-
zures, are spectacular convulsive attacks where
the patient becomes stiff, falls over and begins
to gnash his teeth and "flop" or "jerk" around
the floor. The "grand mal" seizure can be fatal
if the patient vomits and inhales the vomitus or
hits his head; tongue biting commonly occurs.
Treatment of epilepsy by the "orthodox" doc-
tor will include the use of phenytoin at 5-10
mg/kg in children and 300-500 mg in adults,
phenobarbital at 5-10 mg/kg in children and
2-5 mg/kg in adults, and premidone at 10-20
mg/kg in children and 0.75-1.5 gm in adults
(may need to increase slowly) . These allopathic
drugs will stop symptomatic convulsions,
however, they do have dramatic and poten-
tially dangerous side effects (i.e. , uncontrolled
eye movements, weakness and stumbling,
arthritis and osteoporosis, skin rashes and/or
dermatitis, anemia, learning disabilities and
hyperactivity. Vitamin B-6 alone will fre-
quently "cure" epilepsy at 50-100 mg t.i.d.
(long term administration can cause some
numb-ness and tingling in the face or hands),
calcium magnesium at 2,000 and 1,000 mg/
day, folic acid at 15-25 mg/day and B-12 at
1,000 mcg/day IM can also be curative, man-
ganese at 50 mg/day, zinc at 50 mg t.i.d.,
essential fatty acids at 5 gm t.i.d., choline at 4
121
gm/day, taurine at 500 mg t.i.d. anddimethyl
glycine at 100 mg b.i.d.
EXOPHTHALMOS (bug eyes): is a promi-
nent protrusion ofthe eyes from any ofseveral
causes including hyperthyroidism, tumor (es-
pecially if only one eye is affected) or glau-
coma.
Treatment is specifically related to the cause.
Blood test for thyroid function, glaucoma exam
and consideration of brain tumor (orbital or
eye) is indicated.
EYE REDNESS (sties, pink eye): can be
caused by dust, pollen allergies, bright sun-
shine, overwork, irritants (i.e. , cigarette smoke),
staying up late, infection, foreign body, etc.).
Treatment of the eyes should be taken seri-
ously. Infection can be treated with ophthal-
mic ointments with either boric acid or
neomycin from your home "pharmacy," com-
mercial eye drops such as Visine work veiy
well for simple irritation, pulling the upper
eyelid outward and over the lower lid will
cause enough tear flow to wash out small
foreign bodies such as eyelashes and dust,
herbs can be used for eye washes including
eyebright (Euphrasia rostkoviana), fennel
(Foeniculum vulgare), German chamomile
(Matricaria chamomilla), oak (Quercusrobur),
pasque flower (Pulsatilla vulgaris) and corn-
flower (Centaurea cyanus).
FAILURE TO THRIVE: is a term used to
describe an infant that falls below expected
growth rates. Celiac disease and/or other food
allergies and cystic fibrosis should be consid-
ered as the most common cause. Plant derived
colloidal minerals are of great value here as
most of these children are severely depleted in
trace minerals and rare earths.
FARTING (bowel gas): is usuallycaused by
digested but poorly absorbed food reaching
the colon and being fermented by bowel
organisms. Some foods such as beans, garlic
and onions are legendary in the produc-tion
of bowel gas. Food allergies can cause celiac
disease type changes in the small intestine
which results in malabsorption.
Treatment for pathological amounts of un-
pleasant bowel gas includes the avoidance of
offending foods, betaine HC1 and pancreatic
enzymes at 75-200 mg t.i.d. 15-20 minutes
before meals and autoimmune urine therapy
where food allergies have caused celiac dis-
ease type changes in the small intestine.
FATIGUE (chronic fatigue syndrome,
Candidiasis, Epstein-Ban Virus, cytomegalo-
virus, human herpes 6 virus, human B
lymphotrophic virus, food allergies,
hypoglycemia, diabetes, anemia, malnutri-
tion): is the disease of the 80s. SEE SPECIFIC
DISEASE DESCRIPTION.
Treatment should be specific as described in
appropriate section; in addition, herbs may be
of value including American ginseng (Panax
quinquefolius), lavender (Lavandula
augustifolia), rosemary (Rosmarinus
officinalis), sweet flag (Acorns calamus) and
pasque flower (Anemone pulsatilla).
FERTILLTY (problems): that are not related
to physical blockage of egg or sperm transport
systems are usually the result of some form of
malnutrition, either overt (i.e., diet fads) or
secondary to food allergies and/or malab-
sorption. One also must be sure that the
woman is cycling and ovulating properly (i.e.
slim women with less than 20% body fat do not
ovulate regularly). Infertility usuallymeans
that the condition can be reversed whereas
sterility usually means permanent
122
nonreversible conditions. Do hair analysis
and pulse test.
Treatment of this form of infertility includes
the base line nutritional supplement, pay spe-
cial attention to selenium deficiency in male
infertility, betaine HC1 and pancreatic en2ymes
at 75-200 mg t.i.d. before meals, correc-tion of
quality protein intake to a minimum of 80 gm/
day (the RDA is only 40 gm/day) and essential
fatty acids at 5 gm t.i.d.
FEVER: or elevated temperature (nonnal is
98.6 F) is part of the bodies defense mecha-
nism; many enzymes, antibodies and cell
(WBCs) responses are more efficient in slightly
elevated temperatures. Elevated temperature
during the day is not bad per se but should be
reduced at night to allow comfortable sleep.
Infants with high fevers of 104 F or above may
have convulsions which must be reduced
quickly by immersion in tepid water.
Treatment of fever can include a number of
commercial products including aspirin, tylenol
Nuprin, etc., ice packs on the forehead, mn-
ning cool water over the wrists, cool baths and
herbs to include feverfew (Chrysanthemum
parthenium), meadow-sweet (Filipendula
ulmaria), sea buckthorn (Hippophae
rhamnoides), European holly (Ilex
aquifolium), white willow (Salix alba),
mugwort (Artemisia vulgaris) and cinchona
bark (Cinchona succimbra). Obviously, all of
the above are symptomatic treatments; the
basic disease process (i.e., cold, flu, pneumo-
nia, cancer, etc.) must also be dealt with forth-
rightly.
FIBROCYSTIC BREAST DISEASE: is cos-
metically unpleasant and often painfulduring
peak estrogen production. Cyst may vary in
size from pea size to grapes and occasionally
larger. Prevention and treatment are the same
course of action.
Treatment of fibrocystic breast disease in-
cludes avoiding methyl xanthines (i.e., caf-
feine, coffee, black tea, ice tea, carbonated soft
drinks with caffeine, chocolate, sugar, etc.),
vitamin E at 800-1,200 IU/day, vitamin A at
300,000 IU/day as beta carotene, essential
fatty acids at 5 gm t.i.d. , iodine at 200 mcg/day,
selenium at 500 mcg/day.
FINGERNAILS (white spots, ridges,
brittle): are good barometers of absorption
and nutritional status. Bluish fingernails indi-
cate chronic lung conditions (i.e., not enough
oxygen), white spots indicate zinc deficiency,
ridges can indicate iron and/or calcium defi-
ciency and brittle nails indicates sulfur amino
acid deficiencies. Don't forget the base line
nutritional supplements.
Treatment of fingernail problems should in-
clude gelatin (diabetic Jello, or Knox gelatin)
- this is especially important for those who
have been vegetarians for any length of time,
essential fatty acids at 5 gm t.i.d. and betaine
HCl and pancreatic enzymes at 75-200 mg
t.i.d. before meals.
FITS (see epilepsy): can be caused by a
variety of problems including epilepsy, high
fever in children and certain poisons. See
epilepsy. You may wish to call your local
poison center "hotline" for poisoning - keep
the telephone number taped on your tele-
phone, especially if you have small children.
In addition to the medica-tions indicated for
epilepsy, you may consider mullein tea
(Verbascum thapsus).
FLATULENCE (bowel gas, colic, farting):
is a signal that unabsorbed foods, especially
proteins, are reaching the colon where they
are fermented by colon organisms. Do the
123
pulse test to see if any allergies are present that
might cause celiac changes in the small intes-
tine.
Treatment of flatulence includes digestive
enzymes at 75-200 mg t.i.d. 15-20 minutes
before meals, avoidance and/or rotation of
offending food allergens, autoimmune urine
therapy and herbs including angelica (An-
gelica archangelica), anise (Pimpinella
anisum), caraway (Canimcarvi), dill (Anethum
graveolens), fennel (Foeniculumvulgare)and
pepper (Piper nigrum).
FLU (influenza, grip): is a potentially fatal
viral disease; infants and elder citizens are
susceptible to the most serious effects if they
are poorly nourished, immune comprised or
have a serious respiratory ailment (i.e., em-
physema, asthma, pneumonia, CF, etc.). Flu
is characterized by prostration, fever,
diarrhea, bronchitis, coughing, headache,
pneumonia, muscle aches, joint aches and
chills (feel cold and shaky but sweating). Flu
typically occurs as a winter epidemic; vaccina-
tion is very questionable for several reasons:
1 ) there are numerous strains and serotypes of
flu virus (perhaps thousands!) so a vaccine for
one strain or serotype is a "crap shoot" at best
- usually you will come up "snake eyes" and
get vaccinated for die wrong strain; 2) carte
blanche vaccination has been identified as the
probable vehicle for a variety of human epi-
demics including the first wave of AIDS!!; 3)
damage to the brain and nervous system.
Treatment for the flu includes antiviral agents
such as Ribavirin at 1-2 tablets q.i.d. and/or
Isoprinosin at 1 capsule b.i.d.; Fluviatol is
another good choice at 2 tablets q.i.d. (preg-
nant women should avoid these products
because they potentially can cause birth de-
fects), you will also want to include some
protection against secondary bacterial pneu-
monia (i.e., Staphylococcus or Pneumococ-
cus) such as echinacea (Echinacea angustifolia)
or golden seal (Hydrastis canadensis); indi-
viduals with low immune status or severe
respiratory disease may choose to take antibi-
otics rather than a vaccine. Fluids (i.e., juices,
chicken/rice soup, vegetable soup, etc.) are
essential to prevent dehydration and replace
electrolytes lost through diarrhea orvomiting.
Vitamin C to bowel tolerance (if you already
have diarrhea, take 1,000 mg time release
tablets hourly during your waking day), vita-
min A at 300,000 IU/day as beta carotene,
bioflavonoids at 150-300 mg/day, zinc at 50
mg t.i.d., ACE (adrenal cortical extract sublin-
gual or rV), herbs including wormwood (Arte-
misia absinthium), cinchona bark (Cinchona
succirubra), eucalyptus (Eucalyptusglobulus),
hemp acrimony (Eupatorium cannabinum)
meadowsweet(Filipendulaulmaria), sea buck-
thorn (Hippophae rhamnoides), European
holly (Ilex aquifolium), dog rose (Rosa canina),
white willow (Salix alba), European elder
(Sambucus nigra), broad-leafed lime (Tilia
platyphllos) and bearded usnea (Usnea
barbata).
FOOD ALLERGIES (sensitivities): are a con-
cern for everyone. The reason is that the celiac
disease type changes they cause in your intes-
tines will prevent the absorption of essential
nutrients that are required to keep your im-
mune system, as well as your various organs,
in tip top workingorder. Many of the maladies
caused by food allergies are not a direct cause
but rather an indirect cause by cutting off the
flow of essential raw materials necessary for
your body to repair itself. A list of symptoms
of food allergies would perhaps fill ten pages
of this book - suffice it to be said that if you
have any chronic disease (i.e., cancer, diabe-
tes, arthritis, heart disease, etc.) and/or emo-
tional problems (i.e., hypoglycemia, depres-
sion, neurosis, schizophrenia, hyperactivity,
paranoia, etc.) you have food allergies!! Aller-
124
gic "shiners" and "geographic" tongue are red
flags. Food allergies are caused hy incom-
pletely digested proteins (polypeptides) get-
ting into your blood stream; this happens to
the fetus through the placenta (i.e., cystic
fibrosis, celiac disease, etc.), to the nursing
baby through the breast milk and to the rest of
us when our digestive system is not working
perfectly (i.e., stress, aging, etc.).
The diagnosis and identification of specific
food allergens takes quite a bit of work on
your part to identify but it is worth the effort as
it will add 10-20 years to your life and make an
enormous improvement in your quality of life.
The easiest way to identify food allergies in
yourself is the Coca Pulse Test. To perform
this test, you learn your base pulse rate then
eat a single food (i.e., milk only, wheat only,
etc.) and check your pulse 15, 30 and 60
minutes after you eat the single food item; an
elevation in pulse rate of more than ten beats
is an indicator that you are allergic to that food.
You must be serious and aggressive at this
project because it takes time and effort — after
you get cancer, it is a little late to realize that
you spent more time working on your lawns
health than you did on your own!!!! A second
method of allergy diagnosis can be used in
conjunction with the pulse test is the diet diary;
this isespecially useful when emotional symp-
toms and headache are associated with food
allergies. First, you eat a single food (do with
pulse test) noting the time on a pad of paper,
then record emotional symptoms and/or head-
ache with the time; the symptom will appear
within minutes to a few hours of ingesting the
offending food (this includes hyperactivity
and dyslexia). Do a six-hour GTT as almost
eveiyone with food allergies has hypoglycemia
because the celiac changes in the intestine
prevent the efficient absorption of chromium.
Treatment of food allergies includes religious
use of the base line nutritional supplements
(be sure to use hypoallergenic supplements -
- no corn, wheat, soy, egg or milk), avoid
vaccinations that have egg, blood or beef
origins; vitamin C to bowel tolerance levels,
vitamin A at 300,000 IU/day as beta carotene,
bioflavonoids at 150-300 mg/day, zinc at 50
mg t.i.d., essential fatty acids at 5 gm t.i.d.,
seleniumat 200 mcg t.i.d. , chromium at 50-200
mcg t.i.d., betaine HC1 and pancreatic en-
zymes at 75-500 mg t. i. d. 1 5-20 minutes before
meals, ACE sublingual or rv, autoimmune
urine therapy, five day rotation diets, avoid-
ance of offending foods and patience!!!!! It
takes up to 90 days to repair the intestinal
injury (the good news is that repair will take
place even if you're 100 years old!!!). IV
hydrogen peroxide speeds up the healing
process.
FRACTURES (broken bones): can result
from malnutrition (i.e., calcium/magnesium
deficiency, improper calcium/phosphorus
ratio; osteoporosis) severe trauma (i.e. , a blow
during a fight, auto accident, fall, etc.); how-
ever, good mineral status in your bones will
prevent most types of "spontaneous" fractures
and fractures from simple falls. Diagnosis of
afracture can be made by seeing a digit or limb
at an abnormal angle, noticing severe pain at
a specific place on the bone, use a vibrating
tuning fork to touch the suspected fracture
site; the vibrations will be painful if there is a
fracture present. X-rays in an emergency
room may be warranted to differentiate be-
tween a fracture and a sprain or strain. The use
of the base line nutritional supplements in-
cluding calcium and magnesium at 2,000 mg
and 1,000 mg per day, plant derived colloidal
minerals and digestive aids (i.e., betaine HC1
and pancreatic enzymes at 75-200 mg t.i.d.
before meals) is an almost sure guarantee
against nontrauma fractures especially in post-
menopause women. The use of comfrey
125
(Symphytum officinale) orally and over the
injury site will speed healing of fractures as
well as reduce pain and swelling.
FRECKLES (liver spots): are caused by mela-
nin pigment in response to sunlight in fair
skinned people; "liver spots" in middle aged
and older people are sometimes difficult to
distinguish from freckles; liver spots are caused
by "ceroid" pigment build up in the skin from
peroxidation of fats in your body (i.e., free
radical damage) and are a more ominous sign
than freckles. Freckles may be prevented or
reduced by the religious use of sun screens by
fair skinned people.
Treatment of freckles and "liver spots" in-
cludes the use of vitamin E at 800-1,200 I U/
day, selenium at 200-500 mcg t.i.d., vitamin C
to bowel tolerance, vitamin A at 300,000 IU/
day as beta carotene, essential fatty acids at 5
gm t.i.d. and the herb, English mandrake
(Tamus communis) topically on the spots
b.i.d.
GALLBLADDER DISEASE (gall stones): is
generally caused by liver problems, especially
with fatandcholesterolmetabolism. Gallblad-
der "attacks" are caused by a cramping of the
muscles in the gallbladder after a fatty meal or
a temporary blockage of the bile duct by a
gallstone. Gallstones are composed of choles-
terol and fat when they first form and become
calcified after the passage of time. Prevention
of gallbladder problems includes the use of
glycyrrhizin (an extract of the licorice plant,
Glycyrrhyza glabra), the base line nutritional
supplement including 5 gm of essential fatty
acids t.i.d. Eggs are known to precipitate 93%
of all gallbladder attacks, followed closely by
onions and pork.
Treatment of gallbladder disease and gall-
stones includes the use of high fiber diets (i.e.
make sure you are having 2-3 bowel move-
ments per day), lecithin at 2,500 mg t.i.d.,
essential fatty acids at 5 gm t.i.d., vitamin E at
800-1,200 IU per day, vitamin C to bowel
tolerance, selenium at 200 mcg t.i.d., and
taurine at 500 mg t.i.d. Virgin olive oil in eight
oz. of grapefruit or lemon juice will help to
flush liver; herbs include acrimony ( Agrimonia
eupatoria), blessed thistle (Cnicus benedictus),
vumitory (Fumaria officinalis), horehound
(Marrubium vulgare), licorice (Glycyniiiza
glabra), peppermint (Mentha piperita), worm-
wood (Artemisia absinthium), artichoke
(Cynara scolymus), sweet coltsfoot (Petasites
hybridus), celandine (Chelidonium majus),
chicory (Cichorium intybus), and dandelion
(Taraxacum officinale).
GEOGRAPHIC TONGUE (benign migra-
tory glossitis): like allergic "shiners" is a red
flag that you are not absorbing B-3, B-2, B-6, B-
5, B-12, folic acid or zinc (the cause is usually
malabsorption from celiacdisease-likechanges
in the small intestine). Geographic tongue is
recognized by irregular denudedareas on the
top surface and sides of the tongue. Do a
series of pulse tests to determine what foods
you may be allergic to. Geographic tongue is
not painful and taste may or may not be
affected.
Treatment of geographic tongue includes
avoidance of any offending food allergens,
autoimmuneurinetherapy,zincat50mgt.i.d.,
betaine HC1 and pancreatic enzymes at 75-200
mg t.i.d. before meals, B-complex IM in the
early stages of therapy, be sure to get on the
base line supplement program.
GINGIVITIS (periodontal disease, reced-
ing gums): is the shame of the dental profes-
sion. Gingivitis is totally preventable with
proper nutrition and can very frequently be
cured with nutrition. It is the contention of the
126
"orthodox" dental profession that food caught
between the teeth and between the gums and
tooth is the root cause of gingivitis and they
have duly raised the stock worth of the dental
floss companies. In reality, the reason the
gums recede and food gets packed into the
gingival space between the gums and tooth is
that the "alveolar" bone supporting the tooth
root has dissolved from a calcium deficiency
and/or a phosphorus excess (i.e., too much
meat, too much phosphate containing soft
drinks, etc.). The alveolar bone is very thin
and fragile so minute losses in bone density
are reflected more severely there than, in say,
the femur (thigh bone). The tmth would get
rid of an entire specialty of dentist so it is kept
in the dental research literature. Think about
it, dogs and cats don't floss and they don't get
periodontal disease or receding gums unless
we feed them table scraps (complete dog and
cat rations have been formulated to prevent
this malady) - again the veterinaiy profession
is treating their patients better than their hu-
man counterparts!!
and mouth wash, take vitamin C to bowel
tolerance, herbs may be used for mouthwash
to relieve inflammation and pain and include
arnica (Arnica montana), bilberry (Vaccinium
myrtillus), German chamomile (Matricaria
chamomilla), high mallow (Malva Sylvestris)
and tormentil bloodroot (Potentilla erecta).
GLAUCOMA: is caused by an increased pres-
sure in the eye itself which causes a change in
shape, obstructing the normal flow of fluid
from the eye. Food allergies are among the
most common causes of increases in eye
pressure. Do the pulse test to determine if you
are allergic to any foods.
Treatment of glaucoma by the "orthodox"
doctor is limited to a prescription of pilo-
carpine 4% every 15 minutes, surgery or cor-
tisone. You must do pulse testing and elimi-
nate foods you are sensitive to, betaine HC1 at
75-200 mg t.i.d. before meals, vitamin C
tobowel tolerance, nitin at 20-50 mg t.i.d. , and
the base line nutritional supplement.
Treatment of gingivitis includes the correction
of the calcium phosphoms ratio in the diet
(consider gingivitis as an osteoporosis of the
jaw). The correct calcium/phosphoms ratio is
2 calcium/1 phosphoms (most American diets
are 15-20 phosphoms for 1 calcium) and it is
impossible to achieve without supplementa-
tion of calcium and consciously reducing the
phosphorus intake (i.e., give up soft drinks,
reduce meat intake, etc.). Calcium at 2,000 mg
and magnesium at 1,000 mg t.i.d. with meals
until teeth tighten up and gums calm down
and are not so inflamed. Plant derived colloi-
dal minerals make this aspect of prevention
and treatment easy. This heavy supplementa-
tion of calcium will not cause kidney stones if
you take the magnesium with it, cut back to
2,000 mg/day after the teeth tighten up. Rinse
the mouth with hydrogen peroxide tooth gel
GLUTEN ENTEROPATHY (celiac disease):
see celiac disease
GOITER (colloid goiter): is caused by a
simple iodine deficiency. Nitrates are goitro-
genic (stimulate goiter formation); they are
found in luncheon meats, hot dogs, sausages
and a variety of prepared meat products;
another source of goitrogens is the nitrates in
fertilizers which gets into well water -if you get
your water from a farm well, have it tested for
nitrates (they are carcinogen ic as wel 1 as goitro-
genic). Goiter is easy to diag-nosis because
the deficient thyroid gland enlarges 50-100
times its normal size; it is located just telow the
larynx in the front of the neck.
Treatment of goiter includes the removal of all
goitrogens from the diet (read labels to ex-
127
elude nitrates and nitrite), supplement iodine
at 250 mcg/day and thyroid USP at 2-5 grains
each morning, kelp is a good natural source of
iodine.
GOUT (gouty arthritis): is caused by depos-
its of uric acid crystals in the joints and sur-
rounding tissues. These joints, classically the
great toe ofeach foot, are very tender and may
become deformed in chronic or longstanding
cases. Kidney disease and uric acid kidney
stones may develop in chronic untreated cases.
Elevated uric acid in the blood (above 7 mg/
100 ml of senim) along with sudden onset of
tender "gouty" joints is a red flag for gout.
Treatment for gout should include an avoid-
ance of alcohol, organ meats, sea food, lentils,
beans, peas and fmctose sources, folic acid at
10-75 mg/day,chemes and cherry juice, herbs
including gout weed (Aegopodium
podagraria) and saffron (Colchicium
autumnale). The "orthodox" doctors use colch-
icine almost exclusively as the treatment of
choice, but add prednisone for inflammation.
GROWING PAINS: are common in American
children today; all you have to do is go to the
zoo and watch parents carrying around six
and seven year old children on their hip!
Growing pains are totally unnecessary and are
red flags for one or more nutritional deficien-
cies. Prevention of growing pains includes a
base line nutritional supplement rich in cal-
cium, magnesium, selenium, vitamin E and
vitamin C.
Treatment of growing pains includes calcium
and magnesium at 2,000 mg and 1 ,000 mg per
day, selenium at 50-200 mcg b.i.d. and betaine
HC1 and pancreatic" enzymes at 75-200 mg
t.i.d. before meals.
GUMS (sore, pyorrhea): see gingivitis. You
may also wish to rinse mouth with a tea from
the root of the white pond lily (Nymphae
odorata).
HAIR LOSS (alopecia): see alopecia
HANGNAILS: are caused by an essential fatty
acid deficiency.
Treatment of hangnails includes flaxseed oil at
5 gm t.i.d. and Knox gelatin at one packet
daily. You may also wish to put vitamin E oil
or aloe vera directly on the hangnail to soften
it and reduce the probability of further tearing
or infection. Small scissors or fingernail clip-
pers can be used to "surgically" remove the
skin flap.
HAY FEVER (pollen allergies): are caused
by plant pollen allergies and tend to be sea-
sonal and coincides with plant cycles. Symp-
toms include headache, red itchy eyes, nasal
congestion and asthma.
Treatment of hay fever includes autoimmune
urine therapy after the first attack each year,
commercial antihistamine products (i.e.,
Allerest, Contac, etc.), vitamin C to bowel
tolerance, bioflavonoids at 150 mg q.i.d. and
mtin 50 mg t.i.d. or as needed.
HEADACHES (HA): are caused by a wide
variety of problems. Food allergies (the pri-
mary cause of migraines) and hypoglycemia
are major causes of headaches. Sinus head-
aches are often caused by allergies to pollens
and milk products. Headaches can also be
cyclic in PMS. Do a complete series of pulse
tests and a six-hour GTT.
Treatment for headaches comes in the form of
a wide variety of commercial products (i.e.,
aspirin, tylenol, Nuprin, Bufferin), chromium
at 50-200 mcg t.i.d. betaine HC1 at 75-200 mg
128
t.i.d, avoid offending foods including all
sourcesofcaffeine, autoimmune urine therapy,
vitamin C to bowel tolerance, B-3 at 450 mg
time release q.i.d., B-6 at 100 mg t.i.d. or as
needed, choline at 150 mg/day, flaxseed oil at
5 gm q.i.d., avoid simple carbohydrates, use
proteins and amino acids for snacks, herbs
including feverfew (Tanacetum parthenium),
fleabane (Erigeron canadense), balm (Melissa
officinalis), cowslip (Primula veris), lavender
(Lavandula angustifolia), queen-of-the-
meadow (Filipendula ulmaria), valarian
(Valeriana officinalis) and white willow (Salix
alba).
HEARING LOSS (deafness): may require a
"hearing aid" to amplify or correctthe prob-
lem; on the other hand, sometimes cleaning
the wax out of one's ear with hydrogen perox-
ide eardrops or a commercial earwax solvent
will do the trick (I used to have an office down
the hall from a hearing aid retailer —this fellow
was so honest, he would always send his
clients down the hall so I could clean their ears
before he would examine them for hearing
loss and fit them for hearing aids; we saw
many a miracle of hearing return!!!!). In chil-
dren, manganese and or tin deficiency can
cause reversible hearing loss; also do a pulse
test for milk allergies (another common cause
of deafness in kids).
HEART DISEASE (heart attack, cardiovas-
cular disease): see cardiovascular disease;
see arteriosclerosis. Prevention is the name of
the game when it comes to heart disease; good
nutrition means moderation in all things, no
fried foods on a regular basis (to "cheat" on
your program once each week is alright), the
base line nutritional supplements are a must,
pay special attention to essential fatty acids,
avoid as much of the polyunsaturated fatty
acids as you can (other than the essentials -
i.e., flaxseed oil and/or salmon oil), pay spe-
cial attention to selenium (500 mcg/clay) and
vitamin E (800-1,200 IU/day), exercise in
moderation (i.e., a 30-minute walk each
evening is enough), avoid vitamin D as an
adult (more than 400 IU/day results in calcifi-
cation of coronary arteries - the target tissue
for vitamin D poisoning!). Keep a 30-minute
oxygen tank in your house (a two-hour sup-
ply if you live in a rural area), learn CPR, have
nitroglycerin capsules or transdermal nitro-
glycerin patches on hand, obtain an IV infu-
sion set and several 500 ml bottles of lactated
ringers to set up an IV should a heart attack
occur (don't relegate your survival to an EMT
who might get there on time - leam asmuch
about emergency heart care as you know
about your home's electrical system!!!) UN-
PREPAREDNESS KILLS!!!
Treatment once you have had a heart attack
includes EDTA chelation (with H202 added);
you may need as many as two chelations per
day for 80 or more to ensure full recoveiy for
your heart, be aggressive - your "orthodox"
cardiologist will not agree to this so you will
have to arrange it yourself!!! Increase your
selenium intake to 1,000 mcg/day and your
vitamin E to 1,200 to 2,000 IU/day, take 5-10
alfalfa tablets (Alfachlor) with each meal in
addition to the base line nutrition program.
Take two ounces of Oxy-Toddy in the morn-
ing when you awake and two ounces before
retiring, take betaine HCl and pancreatic en-
zymes at 75-200 mg t.i.d. before meals. USE
YOUR PDR FOR ANY MEDICATION; YOUR
"ORTHODOX" CARDIOLOGIST WANTS TO
PRESCRIBE FOR YOU! Don't take any medi-
cation you do not fully under-stand!! Remem-
ber 40% of all patients are in the hospital
because of iatrogenic disease (doctor mis-
takes in medication or surgery). Get back into
your walking and/or swimming program as
soon as you can.
129
HEARTBURN (dyspepsia, reflux): is one of
the more common diseases in the USA today.
Stress and aging cause a decrease in stomach
acid production which allows bacteria to grow
in the stomach. These opportunistic bacteria
generate gas and acid that results in the "belch,"
"burp" and "bloat" syndrome. Prevention in-
cludes eating small meals, no fried foods,
drink eight glasses of water each day to pre-
vent constipation.
Treatment should include betaine HC1 and
pancreatic enzymes at 75-200 mg t.i.d. before
each meal; for acute attacks of "heartburn"
includes any ofthe commercial products ad-
vertised on TV (i.e. , R-O-L-A-I-D-S) and herbs
to include peppennint (Mentha piperita) and
angelica (Angelica archangelica).
HEMORRHOIDS (piles): are varicose veins
in the rectum and anus that itch, bleed, be-
come painful and eventually blocked with
clots (thrombosed). The cause of hemor-
rhoids is primarily low fiber diets, the resulting
constipation and lack of exercise. The in-
creased pressure needed to force out a consti-
pated bowel movement causes ballooning of
the hemorrhoidal veins. Bright red blood on
the toilet paper after a towel movement is
usually from an irritated hemorrhoid. You
may be able to feel the large grape sized
"balloon" in the hemorrhoidal vein. Preven-
tion includes high fiber diets and exercise.
Treatment of hemorrhoids includes high fiber
diets (you may need to add oat bran at two
heaping tbsp. in eight oz. of juice or water
before bed) to encourage two bowel move-
ments per day, hydrotherapy (Jaccuzi jet di-
rect-edat hemorrhoidal tissue) b.i.d. as long as
necessary, commercial topical products (i.e.,
Preparation H, etc.), and topical washes and/
or compresses of herbs including German
chamomile (Matricaria chamomilla), silver
weed (Potentilla anserina), smart weed
(Polygonium hydropiper), witch hazel
(Hamamelis virginiana), yarrow (Achillea
millefollium), juniper berries (Juniperus
communis), horse chestnut (Aesculus
hippocastanum) and plantain (Plantago ma-
jor). SURGERY IS RARELY, IF EVER, NECES-
SARY!
HEPATITIS: by dictionary meaning means
any inflammation of the liver, however, in
daily use hepatitis refers to any of three viaises
that attack the liver: 1) Hepatitis A is transmit-
ted by fecal - oral contamination
(i.e., contaminated food, oral sex, etc.); 2)
Hepatitis B is primarily transmitted by blood
contamination through dirty "community"
needles, hepatitis B virus causes a more severe
disease and is potentially fatal; 3) Hepatitis C
is a newly identified virus associated with
blood transfusions that causes chronic liver
disease and death. Hepatitis can appear as a
minor flu-like disease to a fierce fatal liver
disease depending on your immune system's
ability to fight off the virus. In China, where
there is an endemic hepatitis rate of 10% (that
is 100 million cases a year, folks!!!) the rate of
liver cancer is veiy high. Prevention of hepa-
titis is fairly simple - follow good personal
hygiene, wash your hands after using the
toilet, wash your hands before cooking and
eating, DOCTORS AND NURSES, WASH
YOUR HANDS BETWEEN PATIENTS, do not
do illegal dnigs, do not use "community"
needles, etc. Follow the above simple rules
and you will reduce your risk of contracting
hepatitis by 97%. When my wife and I went to
China, we took "Handi-Wipes" and washed all
plates, cups and eating utensils (i.e., chop-
sticks, spoons, etc.) before using them, even
in public restaurants - we didn't contract
hepatitis. Diagnosis of hepatitis is difficult in
the early stages but easy after a week or so.
Loss of appetite, prostration, nausea and vom-
130
iting and fever are the early flu-like signs; after
3-10 days the urine will turn dark and jaundice
(yellow eyes and skin) will appear - the
patient feels better at this point. Blood test
show a marked elevation in the SGOT (AST)
and SGPT (ALT) up ten times the normal
values; the elevated enzymes gradually de-
crease as recovery takes place.
Treatment ofhepatitis includes bed rest, plenty
of fluids including chicken soup, avoid sugar,
avoid fat, avoid alcohol, vitamin B-12 at 1,000
mcg/day, folic acid at 5-10 mg/day,catechin at
1.5 gm/day, vitamin C to bowel tolerance and
herbs including licorice (Glycynhiza glabra),
chicory (Chichorium intybus) and dandelion
(Taraxacum officinale), germanium at 25-50
mg/day, selenium at 200-500 mcg/day and
SuperOxy Plus at one ounce on awakening
and retiring.
HERPES (simplex, cold sores): is a virus
that causes recurrent blisters and ulcers on the
lips (Type I) and on the genitals (Type II). This
disease never goes away completely (once
infected, always infected); the best you can
hope for is long term remission. Herpes
lesions itch at the early stages and can be veiy
painful and disfiguring. These viruses are
transmitted by kissing and sexual contact.
Avoid kissing and sexual activity when the
lesions are active.
Treatment includes ultra violet light directly
on lesion for 1-6 minutes per day, avoid high
arginine foods (i.e. , avoid chocolate, peanuts,
nuts, seeds, grains), eat high lysine foods (i.e.,
meat, potatoes, milk, yeast, fish, chicken, beans,
eggs), vitamin C to bowel tolerance,
bioflavonoids at 200 mg t.i.d., zinc at 75 mg
ti.d., 1-Lysine at 1-6 gm/day to effect, then 500
mg/day maintenance, Ribavirin at 250-500
mg/day (do not take during pregnancy) and
Isoprinosin at 500-1,500 mg/day (do not take
during pregnancy), and topical herb com-
press with walnut (Juglans nigra). There are
many commercial products available for topi-
cal application.
HERPES ZOSTER (shingles): is the result of
a surfacing of a longstanding infection with
the "chicken pox" virus; the resultant skin
eruptions are extremely painful sometimes
requiring hospitalization. Extreme pain can
be elicited by the touch of clothes or sheets.
The path of the virus is alongnerves so a
regular pattern for the skin lesions is typical.
Treatment of choice for shingles is Isoprinosin
at 500-1 ,500 mg/day, Ribavirin at 250-500 mg/
day, vitamin B-12 at 1,000 mcg/day, vitamin C
to bowel tolerance, vitamin E at 800-1,200 IU/
day and zinc at 75 mg t.i.d.
HIATAL HERNIA: is usually a congenital
birth defect (not genetic), however, it can also
be caused by crushing the chest or abdomen
as in an auto acci-dent. Gas, dyspepsia, reflux,
chest pain that mimics a "heart attack" are
common symptoms. It is said that more than
40% of the USA population has asymptomatic
hiatal hernia by acaial x-ray survey!!!
Treatment of hiatal hernia usually is restricted
to treating the gas and dyspepsia. Small meals
are suggested, sleeping with the head of your
bed elevated often times prevents night-
esophageal reflux while you sleep. When
there is a large defect in the diaphragm
(paraesophageal hiatal hernia) surgical repair
is recommended to prevent strangulation of
portions of the stomach, intestine or liver.
HICCOUGHS: are distracting and bother-
some though rarely fatal. Hiccoughs are the
result of spasmodic contractions of the dia-
phragm, closely followed by a sudden closure
of the glottis. Hiccough "attacks" may be
131
started by swallowing hot or irritating sub-
stances that irritate the nerves controlling res-
piration.
Treatment ofhiccoughs includes holding your
breath as high levels of blood carbon dioxide
inhibits hiccoughs, drink a large glass ofwater,
orange juice or lemon juice slowly, pressure
on the closed eyeswith the heels ofyou r hands
and digital pressure applied to the phrenic
nerves just behind the sternoclavicular joint
(where your collarbone joins your sternum).
HOARSENESS (laryngitis): can be caused
by too much yelling as at a football game or
from many of the cold and upper respiratory
vinises.
Treatment of hoarseness includes use of
demulcents such asslippery elm (Ulmusfulva)
in lemon and honey, chickweed (Stella me-
dia) and the "singer's plant" or hedge mustard
(Sisymbrium officinale) as a liquid extract.
HYPERACIDITY (stomach acid, gas): see
dyspepsia. Treat with fennel tea (Foeniculum
vulgare).
HYPERACTIVITY (hyperkinesis): is a very
dismptive speeded up activity level to the
point the attention span is less than a minute.
The repetitive activity that develops is distrac-
tive to others in a classroom or family setting.
Very frequently the activities are self-destruc-
tive, injurious to others and creates a learning
disability. Food allergies, food sensitivities
and hypoglycemia cause 95% or better of the
cases ofhyper-activity and hyperkinesis. Pulse
testing for allergies and a six-hour GTT are
essential here if you tnily wish to conect the
problem. Be sure to include the base line
nutritional program. In addition to the behav-
ioral problems, and certainly more insidious,
are the "celiac" disease type changes in the
intestines resulting from the food allergies
which cause severe malabsorption of nutri-
ents; in turn, the resultant malnutrition causes
further behavioral problems.
Treatment of hyperactivity and hyperkinesis
requires absolute adherence to a rotation and
avoidance diet based on the results of the
allergy testing and six-hour GTT; betaine HCl
and pancreatic enzymes at 75-200 mg t.i.d.
before meals; Feingold diet (i.e., avoid sugar,
additives, food colors, etc.); IM or IV B-com-
plex at 50 mg each per day; chromium at 25-
100 mcg t.i.d. and autoimmune urine therapy.
HYPERTENSION (high blood pressure):
represents an elevation of the blood pressure
above 140/90 mm Hg (the upper limits of
normal); either the systolic or diastolic num-
bers alone or both may be elevated. High
blood pressure is complex and may be caused
by many diseases ranging from simple ner-
vousness in the examining room, arterioscle-
rosis, kidney disease and a variety of endo-
crine gland disorders and food allergies. Do
pulse test to identify offending foods. Do a
hair analysis to check for excessive heavy
metals (i.e., lead, arsenic, cadmium, mer-
cury). Don't forget the baseline nutritional
supplements. CALCIUM DEFICIENT DIETS
ARE KNOWN TO BE A MAJOR CAUSE OF
HYPERTENSION.
Symptoms of hypertension include dizziness,
red face, headache, fatigue, nosebleeds, ner-
vousness, memory loss, edema of the optic
nerve disc, strokes, etc. While not a symptom,
obesity is a serious predisposing factor to
hypertension.
Treatment of hypertension includes calcium
(particularly useful is the plant derived colloi-
dal minerals which are 98 % absorbable), high
fiber diets, rotation/avoidance diets, autoim-
132
mune urine therapy, leaning toward vegetar-
ian diet, low fat diet, avoid sugar and refined
flour, avoid more than 400 IU of vitamin D,
avoid caffeinated coffee or tea, chelation with
EDTA.infusions with hydrogen peroxide, flax-
seed oil at 5 gm t.i.d., garlic, reduce red meat
intake, consume 4-6 cups of vegetables per
day, CO-Q 10 at 60 mg/day, eight glasses of
water per day, lecithin at 2,500 mg t.i.d., herbs
including European hawthorn (Cra-taegus
oxyacantha), rauwolfia (Rauwolfia
serpentina), olive (Olea europaea). Weight
loss can drop elevated blood pressure dra-
matically.
HYPOGLYCEMIA (low blood sugar): is
placed in quotation marks in the medical
literaaire; the "orthodox" idea for treatment of
"hypoglycemia" is to "eat a candy bar anytime
you feel an attack coming on" (by the way,
these quotes are from the 1988 AMA Family
Encyclopedia of Medicine!!!) - with such an
archaic approach to the treatment of such a
simple problem how can we trust the "ortho-
dox" medical community with something as
complex as cancer!!!! The cause of
hypoglycemia is almost always food allergies
that cause a malabsorption of chromium and
vanadium as a result of celiac disease type
changes in the intestine and/or a large intake
of purified sugar and refined flour which
increases the dumping of chromium in the
urine as much as 300%. The old wives tales "if
you eat sugar from the sugar bowl, you will
surely develop diabetes" is then quite true as
untreated hypoglycemia will very frequently
develop into diabetes!!! The symptoms of
hypoglycemia are highly variable and may
include emotional symptoms (i.e., hyperac-
tivity, paranoia, schizophrenia, memoiy loss,
irritability, hallucinations, depression, manic
depression, dyslexia, crying, learning disabili-
ties, etc.), sleepiness, fatigue, heart palpita-
tions, sweating, inability to do cognating tasks
(i.e., inability to think out simple problems),
explosive reactive anger, negative thinking
and catatonia and/or coma-like states.
The diagnosis of hypoglycemia requires a six-
hour GTT, A FASTING BLOOD SUGAR
ALONE WILL NOT DIAGNOSE HYPO-
GLYCEMIA OR DIABETES IN 98% OF
THE CASES - THERE ARE NO SHORT
CUTS TO THIS DIAGNOSIS!!!! A finger
prick is done in the morning while fasting and
the fasting blood sugar level is recorded (nor-
mal is 75 mg % give or take 5 points); 100 gm
of glucose (Glucola) is ingested; a finger prick
blood glucose is taken 30 minutes after inges-
tion and the results recorded; a finger prick
blood glucose is taken at 60 minutes after
ingestion ofthe glucose and at hourly intervals
thereafter for a total of eight finger sticks (easy
to remember as you have eight fingers!). It is of
extreme importance to have an observer
present during the entire test, not because the
test is dangerous, rather because behavioral
changes are best recognized by someone else.
Having the "patient" write their name, draw
pictures, etc. can be very useful, especially in
children where they may have a difficult time
describing how they feel; these tests and ob-
servations should be done every 30 minutes
during the six-hour test. A chart is then devel-
oped using the numbers gathered to assess
the patient's glucose status. Hypoglycemia
exists when the low during the test drops
below the level of the starting fasting blood
sugar level . Elevated blood sugar can produce
behavioral changes as the blood sugar rises
after a meal much in the same way that alcohol
or drugs do (in fact, many hypoglycemics are
falsely accused of being intoxicated!). Diabe-
tes can be diagnosed when the total of the
results of the fasting, 30 minute, one hour and
the second hour blood sugar test exceeds 600
mg % and there is sugar in the urine during the
test.
133
Treatment ofhypoglycemia includes high pro-
tein (preferably animal protein) diets as even
complex carbohydrates will increase the ex-
cretion rate of chromium in theurine, simple
sugars increase the excretion rate of chro-
mium up to 300% of the normal rate!!! Chro-
mium and vanadium are the "magic bullets"
for treatment of hypoglycemia at 50-200 mcg
t.i.d. with meals - THOSE INDIVIDUALS ON
INSULIN SHOULD START CHROMIUM /
VANADIUM THERAPY AT 25 mcg t.i.d. TO
PREVENTA SUDDEN DIP IN BLOOD SUGAR;
B-complex at 50 mg each t.i.d., avoid alcohol
(alcohol is a simple carbohydrate); zinc at 25
mg t.i.d., and betaine HCl and pancreatic
enzymes at 75-200 mg t.i.d. before meals;
resolve the associated food allergies by avoid-
ance, rotation diets and autoimmune urine
therapy; ACE and other adrenal support pro-
grams are essential.
HYPOTENSION (low blood pressure): can
be caused by prescribed drugs (check your
PDR), heart disease, kidney disease, low blood
sugar, food allergies, dehydration, adrenal
exhaustion and hypothyroidism. The caus-
ative disease process must be dealt with to
properly resolve hypotension. Symptoms of
hypotension include low energy, dizzy feel-
ing when you stand up fast from a lying down
or sitting position, fainting, bluned vision,
palpitations, inability to solve simple prob-
lems and slurring of speech.
Treatment of hypotension includes resolving
the original problem, vitamin C to bowel tol-
erance, zinc at 50 mg t.i.d., ACE (adrenal
cortical extract) sublingual, IM or IV, thyroid at
3-9 grains in the morning (too much will cause
increase in heart rate and uncontrolled shak-
ing of hands — find the OD level then back off
one grain), eight glasses of water each day,
acupuncture, homeopathy, reflexology, and
herbs including ginseng (Panax ginseng, P.
quinquefolius), rosemary (Rosmarinus
officinalis) and spring adonis (Adonis vemalis).
HYPOTHYROID (low thyroid, goiter):
states frequently do not produce goiter (thy-
roid gland enlargement), but rather produce
obesity, fatigue, disinterest, low blood pres-
sure, water retention (edema), etc. Diagnose
with a basal body temperature test (take aux-
iliary temperature on awakening -if below 98.
F, you have low thyroid).
Treatment of hypothyroidism includes thy-
roid at 3-9 grains each morning (excess will
cause increase in heart rate and shaking of the
extended arm); increase dosage to OD then
back off one grain; kelp and iodine supple-
ment at 250-500 mcg per day and herbs to
include quercus marine (Fucus vesiculosis).
HYSTERIA (melancholia): is a symptom-
atic diagnosis. Hysteria can result from PMS,
food allergies, drugs (prescribed and illegal),
alcoholism, hypoglycemia, etc.). Our "ortho-
dox" medical colleagues created the "hyster-
ectomy" operation to resolve hysteria because
of the PMS association!!!! Test for food aller-
gies (pulse test, etc.), hypoglycemia (six-hour
GTT), keep a daily diary to test for PMS, use a
PDR to check out any medication that you
might be on.
Treatment of hysteria includes avoidance of
offending foods that you might be allergic to,
rotation diets, autoimmune urine therapy, es-
sential fatty acids at 5 gm t.i.d. with meals,
chromium at 50-200 mcg t.i.d. with meals,
betaine HCl and pancreatic enzymes at 75-200
mg t.i.d. before meals, acupuncture, home-
opathy and herbs including black hellebore
(Helle-bores niger) blue cohosh (Caulophyl-
lum thalictroides), mistletoe (Viscum album),
B-3 at 450 mg t.i.d. (time release) and B-6 at
150-300 mg t.i.d. (take this dose for thirty days
134
then take take a 14-day break to avoid side
effects).
IMMUNE DEPRESSION (immune exhaus-
tion): is caused by a chronic process such as
unrelenting stress, chronic allergies, chronic
infections which result in exhaustion of the
immune system and an inability to protect
yourself against foreign invaders such as EBV,
Candidiasis, food allergies, arthritis, cancer,
etc. Anergy refers to a state in which your
immune system is so exhausted that you may
not react to diagnostic tests even though you
have an overwhelming disease (i.e., TB,
Candidiasis, etc.). DRUGS SUCH AS CORTI-
SONE, PREDNISONE AND CHEMOTHERAPY
CAUSE IMMUNE DEPRESSION - READ YOUR
PDR.
Treatment of a depressed immune system
includes vitamin C to bowel tolerance, zinc at
50 mg t.i.d., vitamin A at 300,000 IU/day as
beta carotene, ACE (adrenal cortical extract)
sublingual, IM or EV, germanium at 50 mg
orally or IM daily, acupuncture, homeopathy,
herbs to include ginseng (Panax ginseng),
selenium at 1,000 mcg/day and plant derived
colloidal minerals.
IMMUNIZATION (vaccination): is perhaps
the greatest interface between government
and freedom of choice in your own health
care!!! Today the government says you will
vaccinate your children or they will not be
admitted to school (this is the same govern-
ment who says that AIDS infected children
should be in public schools!!!), state govern-
ments have even gone to the extreme to say
that if you don't vaccinate your children, you
will be charged with child abuse and your
children placed in a foster home!!! Many states
are trying to eliminate the religious exemption
for vaccination - VACCINATION APPEARS
TO BE A BATTLEFIELD TAKING SHAPE BE-
TWEEN THE ORTHODOX MEDICAL ADVI-
SORS AND OUR CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHTS
TO FREEDOM OF CHOICE!!! Don't forgetthat
many vaccinationprograms have been the
carrier for many catastrophic diseases (some
experts believe that AIDS was originally spread
through vaccination programs including hepa-
titis vaccination to homosexuals and flu and
smallpox vaccines throughout Africa). DON'T
FORGET THE HERBAL BOSTON TEA
PARTY!!!
IMMUNOTHERAPY: is a play on words as
the "orthodox" medical doctor's practice it as
their approach is chemotherapy and cortisone
(which actually depresses the immune sys-
tem). Immunotherapy should be designed to
increase the immune system's ability to cope
and adjust to all invaders. The need for
immunotherapy includes cancer, arthritis, food
allergies, multiple sclerosis, SLE and ALS.
Treatment to provide immunotherapy includes
Immu-Stim IM or capsules at 2 b.i.d., sublin-
gual allergens for allergies, autoimmune urine
therapy, avoidance of food allergens, rotation
diets, vitamin C to bowel tolerance, vitamin A
at 300,000 IU/day as beta carotene, zinc at 50
mg t.i.d., germanium at 50 mg/day orally or
IM, selenium at 1 ,000 mcg/day orally, IV or IM,
acupuncture, and herbs to include ginseng
(Panax ginseng).
IMPETIGO (ecthyma): is a form ofdermatitis
in children that may take the form of blisters
filled with straw colored fluid or pus or skin
ulcers. Impetigo primarily affects the exposed
areas of skin such as the face, arms and legs.
The "orthodox" doctors believe that impetigo
is caused by a Streptococcus bacteria and treat
solely with antibiotics over a long period of
time. It appears, though, that impetigo is more
sinister than a simple infection, rather it is an
early sign of immune depression which al-
lows normal skin organisms to flourish at an
135
unchecked rate and cause disease. Food
allergies (i.e., milk, wheat, soy) are frequently
the original source of the immune depression
in children, on occasion contact dermatitis
from detergents will be diagnosed as impetigo.
Untreated impetigo can result in deep infec-
tions of the tissue beneath the skin and in the
lymph nodes.
Treatment ofimpetigo includes topical washes
with boric acid and herbs such as comfrey
(Symphytum officinale), echinacea (Echinacea
angustifolia) and golden seal (Hydrastis
canadensis), topical or systemic penicillin may
be necessary in cases where impetigo occurs
on the face to prevent scaring, vitamin C to
bowel tolerance, vitamin A 25,000-300,000
IU/day as beta caro-tene, zinc at 25-30 mg
t.i.d., avoidance or rotation diets for food
allergies, autoimmune urine therapy, increase
animal protein level of the diet (i.e., eggs,
chicken and fish).
IMPOTENCE (inability to have an erec-
tion): can be caused by wide variety of prob-
lems including an unstimulating partner, psy-
chological domination by your partner (i.e.,
domineering wife syndrome), guilt (i.e., hav-
ing had an extramarital affair), malnutrition of
various sorts, hypothyroidism, low blood pres-
sure, adrenal exhaustion, hypoglycemia, stress,
post surgical damage (prostate surgery), etc.
Sol ving any associated problems first will guar-
antee results.
Treatment of impotence should include relax-
ation, spend time with your mate, set up
romantic situations (the interpretation of the
word romantic is an individual thing - flowers
excite some people and turn others off, alco-
hol excites some people and anesthetizes
others!!!!), acupuncture, homeopathy and
herbs to include ginseng (Panax ginseng),
nuxvomica(Strychnosnux vomica), sarsapilla
(Smilax officinalis), saw palmetto (Serenoa
serrulata), Zumba, oral testosterone (i.e., glan-
dular food supplements and testosterone IM)
can be of value. Don't forget the base line
nutrition program and include the plant de-
rived colloidal minerals ( most satisfied wives
ask for it by the 55 gallon dnim !!). The
techniques of Master andJohnson can be very
useful and can be a "self-help" technique
employed without the need for an expensive
counselor: Step 1) nongenital pleasuring (i.e.,
massage, reflexology, etc.); Step 2) genital
pleasuring (i.e., genital foreplay); and Step 3)
nondemand lovemaking (i.e. , neither the "guy"
or the "doll" expects to be brought to a climax).
INCONTINENCE (inability to controlbow-
els or bladder): can be caused by a wide
variety of diseases (i.e., benign prostatic
hyperplasia, MD, MS, cancer, ALS, stroke,
etc.), injury (including surgery, obstetrical pro-
cedures), food allergies and hypoglycemia.
Correcting the underlying diseases or injury is
a must if the desired results are to be achieved.
Treatment of incontinence should include
Kegel's exercises (i.e. , con-tracting the floor of
the pelvis as if trying to stop a bowel move-
ment) at about 250-500/day, essential fatty
acids at 5 gm t.i.d., selenium at 500 mcg/day,
vitamin E at 800-1,200 IU/day, betaine HC1
and pancreatic enzymes at 75-200 mg t.i.d.
before meals, avoidance and rotation diets of
offending food allergens, chromium at 25-200
mcg/day, and herbs to include saw palmetto
(Serenoa seirulata) and ginseng (Panax gin-
seng).
INFARCTION (cerebral-stroke; heart-
heart attack): is the death of an area of tissue
because the blood supply was stopped by a
plug or "thrombi" (i.e., blood clot, clump of
tumor cells, clump of bacterial cells). If vital
areas of the heart or brain areaffected, the
136
"stroke" or "heart attack" will be fatal ; if nonvital
areas are affected, speech, vision, muscular
function and heart capacity are significantly
affected until repair and/ or compensation by
surrounding areas affected, the "stroke" or
"heart attack" will be fatal; if nonvital areas are
affected, speech, vision, muscular function
and heart capacity are significantly affected
until repair and/or compensation by surround-
ing tissue can take place. Prevention is always
tetter than trying to "come from behind" and
repair a "stroke" or "heart attack."
Treatment and repair of infarction should in-
clude vitamin C to bowel tolerance, vitamin E
at 800-1,200 IU/day, selenium at 500-1,000
mcg/day orally or IM, vitamin A at 300,000 IU/
day as beta carotene, chelation with EDTA,
hydrogen peroxide IV, betaine HC1 and pan-
creatic enzymes at 200-500 mg t.i.d. 15 min-
utes before meals . If clumps of bacteria are
involved (i.e., rheumatic fever) then antibiot-
ics (penicillin or tetracycline) will be required
to resolve the cunent problem and prevent
further damage.
INFECTION (invasion of tissues by bacte-
ria, viruses, fungus: is caused by two fac-
tors: 1) an infective "dose" of organisms; and
2) a low state of resistance by the host. The
base line nutrient program will provide the
necessary "macro" and "micro" elements for
maintenance and repair of the immune sys-
tem; be sure to do pulse tests to determine
food allergies; use common sense and reason-
able precautions when in contact with indi-
viduals who have contagious diseases (i.e.,
measles, mumps, scarlet fever, meningitis,
hepatitis, herpes simplex, herpes 2, venereal
disease, flu, infectious mononucleosis, ring-
worm, athlete's foot, EBV, AIDS, etc.).
Treatment of infections should include the use
of echinacea (Echinacea angustifolia), golden
seal (Hydrastis canadensis), garlic (Allium
sativum), vitamin C to bowel tolerance, vita-
min A at 300,000 IU/day as beta carotene, zinc
at 50 mg t.i.d. , selenium at 500-1 ,000 mcg/day,
Immu-Stim IM or orally 2 capsules b.i.d.,
Isoprinosin at 100-300 mg/day, Ribavirin,
H202 in 250 ml infusion over four hours;
antibiotics and antifungal medications are
sometimes necessary in lifesaving situations.
INFERTILITY (curable inability to have
children): is usually caused by a nutritional
deficiency of some nutrient. We have cured
several hundred cases of infertility by simple
supplementation of vitamins and minerals
and digestive aids. Food allergies may be
involved by causing celiac disease type
changes in the intestine and, thus, affecting
absorption.
Treatment of infertility should include the
base line nutritional program (include plant
derived colloidal minerals) , resolve food al-
lergies by avoidance and rotation diets, eat
high protein diets (up to 200 gm/day), essen-
tial fatty acids at 5 gm t.i.d., 1-arginine at 500
mg t.i.d., zinc at 50 mg t.i.d., selenium at 250
mcg/day, vitamin A at 100,000 IU/day for 30
days then drop to 25,000 IU/day, germanium
at 50 mg/day; acupuncaire, and herbs includ-
ing ginseng (Panax ginseng), leek (Allium
peirum), garlic (Allium sativum).
INFLAMMATION: can result from injury, ar-
thritis, infection, cancer. Symptoms of inflam-
mation include swelling, tenderness, dis-
charges, edema, fever, allergies, etc.
Treatment of inflammation include DMSO,
autoimmune urine therapy, proteolytic en-
zymes orally (i.e., chymotrypsin, pancreatic
enzymes, bromelin, trypsin), vitamin C to
bowel tolerance,vitamin E at 800-1,200 IU/
day, zinc at 50 mg t.i.d., essential fatty acids at
137
5 gmti.d., bioflavonoids 150 mg/day, querce-
tin 100 mg/day, d-phenylalanine, 1-
tryptophane and dl -valine each at 1.5 gm/
day, acupunc-ture, herbs including camphor
(Cinnamonum camphora), comfrey
(Symphytum officinale) and feverfew (Chry-
santhemum parthenium).
INDIGESTION (dyspepsia, belch, burp,
and bloat): occurs as a natural course of
aging, as a result of stress and overeating. In
the course of aging, the stomach begins to
loose its ability to produce hydrochloric acid -
- this process begins at about age 35. Food
allergies can contribute to this syndrome. The
pulse test should be used to determine food
allergies.
Treatment of indigestion should include
Kaopectate or Pepto Bismol for acute diar-
rhea, betaine HCl and pancreatic enzymes at
75-200 mg t.i.d. before meals, mint tea as
needed to calm stomach, English bitters
(Gentiana lutea) before each meal, vitamin E
at 800- 1 ,200 IU/day, selenium at 500 mcg/day,
calcium and magnesium at 2,000 and 1,000
mg/day, acupuncture, homeopathy, herbs
such as balm (Melissa officinalis), bitter or-
ange (Citrus aurantium), celandine
(Chelidonium majus), fennel (Foeniculum
vulgare), hops(Humuluslupulus), masterwort
(Peucedanum ostruthium), peppermint
(Mentha piperita), wormwood (Artemisia
absinthium), yanow (Achillea millefolium)
and marshmallow (Althacea officinalis).
INSOMNIA (inability to sleep): can be
caused by stress, excitement and drugs in-
cluding caffeine (i.e., coffee, cola soft drinks,
chocolate, etc.). Use your PDR if you are on
prescription drugs. Food allergies and hypo-
glycemia can cause insomnia. Use the pulse
test and six-hour GTT.
Treatment for insomnia includes avoidance of
caffeine and offending food allergens, cal-
cium (especially plant derived colloidal cal-
cium), chromium at 25-200 mcg t.i.d., acu-
puncture, homeopathy, dl-phenylalanine at
250 mg t.i.d., 1-tryptophan at 1,000 mg t.i.d.,
inositol at 500 mg/day, niacinamide at 1,000
mg at bedtime, and herbs including valerian
(Valeriana officinalis), passion flower
(Passiflora incarnata), hops (Humulus lupulus)
and California poppy (Eschscholzia Califor-
nia) and B-3 (niacin) at 450 mg t.i.d. (time
release). Don't forget the base line nutrition
program.
IRRITABLE BOWEL SYNDROME: will alter-
nate between constipation and diarrhea. Food
allergies are the most frequent cause of this
veiy distressing syndrome. Small intestine
damage includes celiac disease like changes,
edema, ulceration and catanhal inflamma-
tion. This "orthodox" approach to treating
irritable bowel syndrome is low fiber diets,
cortisone and Tagamet. The pulse test is an
extremely useful test for determining the indi-
vidual cause of irritable bowel syndrome.
Treatment of irritable bowel syndrome should
include high fiber diets, 4-6 cups of fruit and
vegetables per day, eliminate caffeine, sugar
and offending foods based on the pulse test
(i.e., wheat, milk, soy), betaine HCl and pan-
creatic enzymes at 75-200 mg t.i.d. before
meals, folic acid at 5-25 mg/day, gluten free
diet and eight glasses of water each day. Don't
forget the base line nutrition supplement pro-
gram. Herbs including marshmallow (Althaea
officinalis).
ITCHING (pruritis): can be caused by diy
skin, contact with irritants, and contact and
food allergies. Pulse test and challenge tests
are used to determine allergens and irritants.
Resolving the basic problem is essential to
138
eliminating itching.
Treatment (symptomatic) of itching includes
the use oftopical applications ofCaladryl , aloe
vera (Aloe spp). , salt nibs, dilute vinegar (50%),
and washes with herbal compresses (see
derma-titis). Oral treatment should include 5
gm flaxseed oil t.i.d., zinc 50 mgt.i.d., vitamin
A at 300,000 IU/day as beta carotene. Don't
forget the base line nutritional program.
JAUNDICE (icterus, yellow eyes): can be
caused by blockage of the bile duct system in
the liver (gallstones, tumor, hepatitis), and/or
destruction of RBC's (Rh factor, blood para-
sites-malaria). Diagnosis is a critical problem
when jaundice is present. Examining the
"whites" ofthe eye (sclera) will reveal jaundice
by the presence of a yellow coloration which
is absent when die skin is yellow from a high
beta carotene consumption. Blood tests will
differentiate between obstmction (i.e. , elevated
bilirubin - above 2.0-2.5 mg %) and RBC
destruction (i.e., unconjugated or indirect bil-
inibin are elevated).
Treatment of jaundice includes exposure to
ultra violet light to speed up elimination, liver
flush (three days of apple juice followed by a
cup of olive oil and a cup of lemon juice),
vitamin C to bowel tolerance, vitamin A at
300,000 IU/day as beta carotene, selenium at
500-1 ,000 mcg/day, vitamin E at 800-1 ,200 IU/
day, and herbs including licorice (Glycyrrhiza
glabra), agrimony (Agrimonia eupatoria),
celadine (Chelidonium majus), chionanthus
(Chionanthus virginica).
JOINT PAIN: can be caused by a variety of
disease processes including arthritis,
osteoporosis, rickets, gout,obesity and vari-
ous nutritional deficiencies (i.e. , calcium, mag-
nesium, sulfur, sulfur bearing amino acids and
copper) and food allergies/ sensitivities.
Treatment ofjoint pain includes the correction
of any overt or underlying disease, calcium
and magnesium at 2,000 and 1,000 mg per
day, cartilage at 5 gm t.i.d., gelatin
(unsweetened) once per day, copper at 2-5
mg/day (a copper bracelet can be of great
value), B-6 at 100 mg t.i.d., mineral bath hy-
drotherapy and ultra violet light exposure at 1 -
6 minutes, symptomatic treatment of joint
pain includes pain gels, DMSO and acupunc-
ture. Chiropractic can be of great value in
treating and providing symptomatic relief of a
variety of joint problems including
subluxations of the spine, ribs and pelvis.
Plant derived colloidal minerals provide an
exceptional source of minerals that are 98%
absorbable.
KEGEL'S EXERCISE: is a great way to condi-
tion the voluntary muscles of the pelvic floor
in both males and females. This exercise is
useful for prenatal conditioning of the pelvic
muscles, vaginal muscles, urethral muscles in
both male and female for urinary inconti-
nence and urgency. To perform the Kegel's
exercise you tighten the muscles of the pelvic
floor as if you were trying stop a bowel move-
ment; you can also add the variation of stop-
ping your urine stream at will as often as you
can. Try to do several hundred each day.
KERATOMALACIA(xerophthalmia): is rec-
ognized as a hazy dry cornea (the domed clear
bulge on the front of the eye) that becomes
ulcerated. Symptoms include extreme dry-
ness of the eyes with blinking in attempts to
keep the eyes moist, conjunctivitis, and night
blindness. Fat-like spots (Bitots spots) can be
found on the "white" of the eye ball.
Untreatedkeratomalacia can result in perma-
nent blindness.
Treatment of keratomalacia includes vitamin
A at 25,000 IU (kids) to 300,000 IU (adults) per
139
day as beta carotene, zincat 10-50 mgt.i.d. and
increase the animal protein to 1 20 gm day (i.e.,
chicken, fish, eggs, milk, lamb, pork or beeO.
Don't forget the base line nutritional supple-
ment program.
KERATOSIS: is a "goose bump" like keratin
build up in the openings of the hair follicles.
These pinhead sized "plugs" are found in
greatest numbers on the backs of the arms,
thighs and buttocks. The "orthodox" doctors
claim that treatment is unnecessary, however,
keratosis is, in fact, a symptom of a chronic
vitamin A deficiency.
Treatment of keratosis includes vitamin A at
25,000 IU (kids) to 300,000 IU (adults) per day
as beta carotene, zinc at 10-50 mg. t.i.d., in-
crease protein at 120 gms per day and don't
forget the base line nutrition program.
KERNICTERUS: is the depositing of bile pig-
ments into the brain of newborn children after
an extended elevation of bilirubin (bile pig-
ments produced from RBC breakdown).
Symptoms mimic those of cerebral palsy (i.e.,
lethargy, poor feeding, vomiting, incoordina-
tion, seizures and death). Prevention and
treatment ofkernicterus includes frequent feed-
ing of the infant to reduce absorption of bile
pigments, exposure to blue and ultra violet
light to photo-oxidize bilirubin (a transient
lactose intolerance is associated with light
therapy in infants that results in diarrhea — this
does not appear to have any permanent con-
sequences).
KETOACIDOSIS (ketosis): results from a
low glucose supply to the liverwhich forces it
to metabolize fat - the resulting by-products
are "ketone bodies" (i.e., acetoacetic acid, B-
hydroxyburytic acid and acetone). Ketosis
occurs in diabetes, alcoholism, hypoglycemia
and starvation. The breath will smell like
acetone, nausea and vomiting, air hunger,
confusion or coma, extreme thirst and weight
loss. A positive urine "dipstick" for ketone
bodies is an easy way to confirm your suspi-
cious.
Treatment of ketosis includes resolving the
basic disease process (i.e., diabetes,
hypoglycemia, alcoholism, starvation, etc.),
increas-ing the complex carbohydrate intake,
chromium at 50-200 mcg t.i.d. and the base
line nutritional program.
KIDNEY DISEASE (kidney stones): can be
caused by a variety of infections, toxins and
nutritional excesses (i.e., hypervitaminosis D)
and deficiencies (i.e., deficiencies of vitamin
A, selenium and zinc). Kidney disease can be
secondary to cardiovascular disease or diabe-
tes. Kidney stones, contrary to popular belief
by the "orthodox" doctor, are caused by cal-
cium and magnesium deficiencies which cause
a depletion of calcium from your bones which
is the source of the calcium found in kidney
stones. Prevention of kidney stones includes
adequate levels of supplementary calcium
and magnesium (impossible to get enough
from your diet especially if you are a big
consumer of phosphorus — meat and carbon-
ated soft drinks). ExcessvitaminD(suntanning,
fish oil and supple-mentation) concuirently
with a calcium deficiency will accelerate the
depletion and, thus, increase the risk ofstones.
Check for cadmium toxicity with a hair analy-
sis.
Treatment of kidney disease and kidney stones
should includesupplementation of calcium
and magnesium at 2,000 mg and 1 ,000 mg per
day, reduction of your phosphorus intake,
adequate vitamin A nutriture at 25 ,000-300,000
IU vitamin A per day as beta carotene, B-6 at
50 mgt.i.d. .lysine and glutamic acid and herbs
including dandelion (Taraxacum officinale),
140
dwarf elder (Sambucus ebulus), goldenrod
(Solidago virgaurea), Java tea (Orthosiphon
stamineus), parsley (Petro Selinum crispum),
horsetail (Equisetum spp.), mugwort (Artemi-
sia vulgaris) and cranberry juice. Chelation
will help kidney disease, kidney disease that is
secondary to cardiovascular disease and cad-
mium toxicity. An acute or sudden kidney
stone blockage may require the pain relief of
morphine as it can be excmciating; you may
also wish to use a prednisone for three days to
reduce the inflammation in the ureter (the
tube from the kidney to the bladder) so that
you can pass the stones. Stones lodged in the
kidney can be reduced to harmless powder by
a machine known as a "lithotripter" -it is an
ultra sound machine that actually shatters the
stones without surgery.
KORSAKOFF'S SYNDROME (recent
memory loss, false Alzheimers Disease):
is characterized by an inability to record new
memory; the patient can perform detailed
tasks learned before onset but cannot learn
the simplest of new tasks. This type of "amne-
sia" can result from a blow to the head or be the
result of chronic alcoholism and vitamin B-l
deficiency. Confabulation orproducing imagi-
nary experiences for those that cannot be
recalled is a consistent feature of KorsakofPs
syndrome. If the disease is the result of a blow
to the head.there is a good chance of recovery,
if the brain tissue has been damaged by alco-
holism or vitamin B-l deficiency, the process
may be difficult to treat.
Treatment of Korsakoff's syndrome includes
chelation, hydrogen peroxide IV, vitamin B-l
at 100 mg t.i.d., lecithin at 2,500 mg. t.i.d.,
avoid alcohol, avoid sugar, chromium/vana-
dium at 50-200 mcg t.i.d., betaine HCl and
pancreatic enzymes at 75-200 mg t.i.d. before
meals; hydergine at 4.5-9 mg/day, vasopres-
sin (Diapid) at 12-16 units per day as a nasal
spray, centrophenoxine at 4.4-8.0 gm per day
and piracetam (Dinagen) at 1.6-4.8 gm per
day.
KWASHIORKOR (protein starvation): is
thought of as a disease of starving African
children; it is classed as protein/calorie starva-
tion and is characterized by a distended bloated
belly and edema and "dropsy" because low
blood protein levels can't hold water in the
blood vessels so it simply "leaks" out. By now
you will recognize that this happens to un-
schooled dieters, cancer patients, vegans and
fmtarians who take in less than optimal
amounts of complete proteins. Don't forget
the base line nutritional supplementation.
Treatment of Kwashiorkor includes adequate
intake ofcomplete animal protein (i.e. ,
greater
than 1 20 gms per day), a calorie intake of 3,000
calories per day, selenium at 200 mcg per day
and chromium at 50-200 mcg t.i.d.
LABOR (induce): can be made easier and
assisted by herbs including blue cohosh
(Caulophyllus thalictroides) and raspberry tea
(Rubus idaeus), corn ergot (Ustilago maydis)
can be used to stop postpartum hemorrhage
(orally or IM). Taking training classes (i.e.,
Lamaze) will help train the mother to be to
relax during contractions (labor pains) and
help train the "coach" to assist and how to
recognize potential trouble. Home births are
safer than hospital births and, in addition, the
hospital rate of caesarian section is 35% (vagi-
nal births net the "orthodox" OB/GYN $800-
$1,200; caesarian sections net them $2,500!!!!)
LACTATION (induce): can be induced or
enhanced with herbs including milkweed
(Asclepias galioides), caraway (Camm carvi),
fenugreek (Trigonella foenum-graecum) and
goat's rue (Galega officinalis).
141
LACTATION (reduce): can be reduced and
breast pain of engorgement relieved by gold-
enrod (Solidago petradoria).
LACTASE DEFICIENCY (cow s milk sensitiv-
ity): is a form of carbohydrate intolerance that
results from a deficiency of the enzyme re-
quired to breakdown milk sugar (lactose) into
glucose and galactose. Lactase deficiency is
characterized by bloating and diarrhea with
violent abdominal cramps following the in-
gestion of cow's milk and cow's milk prod-
ucts. Lactase deficiency occurs at 20% adults of
Northwest European origin, at 75% in adults of
all other ethnic groups, 90% of all orientals,
75% in blacks and American Indians. The
ability to digest lactose is gradually lost be-
tween the ages of 10-20 years of age.
Treatment of lactose intolerance includes
avoidance of lactose containing foods and/or
predigestion of lactose by adding lactase to
milk containing foods.
LARYNGITIS (loss ofvoice): can be caused
by bacterial and/or viral infections and ex-
treme overuse of the vocal cords (i.e., yelling
at a football or hockey game). Very
frequently.the temperature is not elevated and
voice loss is the only symptom. "Strep" throat
can be a cause that can be potentially danger-
ous and lead to rheumatic fever or meningitis
if not dealt with properly. Hoarseness, voice
change or complete loss of voice (aphonia),
tickling/raw throat are all symptoms.
Treatment of laryngitis can include penicillin
or tetracyclines for "Strep" throat at 250 mg
orally q 6 h for 10-12 days, voice rest, honey/
lemon preparations and herbs including
cajuput (Melaleuca leucadendron), sunflower
(Helianthus annus), pine oils (Pinnus
sylvestris), black caraway (Pimpinella
saxifraga), garden sage (Salvia officinalis), high
mallow (Malva sylvestris), wildginger(Asanim
europium), eucalyptus (Eucalyptus globulus).
Viral laryngitis may be treated with Isoprinosin
at 500-1,500 mg per day or Ribavirin at 250-
1 ,500 mg per day (pregnant women should
avoid these drugs as they are teratogenic in lab
animals).
LAXATIVE: includes many OTC preparations
such as Ex-Lax and Milk of Magnesia and
herbs including senna (Cassia aqutifolia), flax-
seed or flaxseed oil (Linum ustatissimum),
alder buckthorn (Rhamnus fragula), cascara
sagrada (Rhamnus purshiana), juniper
(Juniperus communis) and manna ash
(Fraxinus ornus).
LEAD POISONING (plumbism): can cause
a wide variety of symptoms and syndromes
including learning disabilities, kidney disease
stunted bone growth, headaches and gastroi-
ntestinal disease. Very often the eating of lead
is the result of "pica" or a compulsive eating of
unusual things because of mineral deficien-
cies. Sources of lead include paint chips, win-
dow caulking, glaze from pottery, lead arsen-
ate garden sprays, pollution from leaded fuels,
inhalation of smoke from burning batteries
and large lead insulatedwire. Diagnosis of
lead poisoning can be made from a hair analy-
sis in chronic cases or blood in sudden onset
acute cases.
Treatment of lead poisoning includes vitamin
C to bowel tolerance.chelation with calcium
EDTA at 10-25 infusions and/or oral D-peni-
cillamine. Don't forget the base line nutri-
tional supplement program containing plant
derived colloidal minerals because the chela-
tion process will tend to deplete body stores of
minerals ( selenium is of particular value).
LEARNING DISORDERS (dyslexia , hyperac-
tivity, autism): see autism, dyslexia, food aller-
142
gies, hypoglycemia, hyperactivity and lead
poisoning.
LEGIONNAIRES' DISEASE: is caused by an
infection with Legionella pneumophila; the
disease is characterized by pneumonia, high
fever, slow heart, rate, dry cough, chills pleuritis
and diarrhea. Legionnaires' disease is a rela-
tively new disease only being discovered in
1976. URI is significantly absent in this dis-
ease. Untreated Legionnaires' disease will be
fatal in 80% of the cases. Diagnosis requires
growing the organism on charcoal-yeast ex-
tract from sputum. Immunosuppressed pa-
tients such as chemotherapy treated cancer
patients, transplant patients and AIDS patients
are most susceptible.
Treatment of Legionnaires' disease is specific
with erythromycin at 500 mg to 1 gm orally or
IV q 6 H for three weeks.
LENTIGO-MALIGNA MELANOMA (mela-
noma, skin cancer): originates from the
Hutchinson's freckle on sun exposed areas on
the face, neck, anus and torso. These skin
cancers appearas large flat, tan or brown le-
sions with darker black or brown spots dotted
on its surface. These are slow growing cancers
requiring about ten years to invade the dermis
or deep skin layers.
Treatment of L-M melanoma can include exci-
sion biopsy or complete surgical removal;
frequently these tumors are on the face and a
cream such as Carcelim may be more desir-
able. Carcelim requires 30 days of application
to remove the melanoma. Take vitamin C to
bowel tolerance, vitamin A at 300,000 IU/day
as beta carotene, selenium at 1,000 mcg per
day and use a #40 sunscreen to prevent new
cancers. Don't forget the base line nutritional
supplement program.
LEPTOSPIROSIS (Weil's Disease, infec-
tious jaundice): is an infectious disease
caused by Leptospira spp a spirochete bacte-
ria carried by dogs, rats and various species of
wild animals. Individuals are infected by urine
contaminated water, cuts while skinning or
butchering infected animals. Symptoms in-
clude anemia, jaundice, proteinuria, hematuria
and, on occasion, aseptic meningitis. Fever
and chills are consistent symptoms. Blood
tests or urine cultures are necessaiy for diag-
nosis.
Treatment with antibiotics is most effective if
instituted within four days of onset. Tetracy-
cline at 500 mg q.i.d. is effective.
LEUKEMIA (blood cancer): is a cancer of
the blood fonning tissues of the bone marrow.
No exact cause is proven but viruses, radiation
and chemicals such as benzene are impli-
cated. Leukemia produces a defect in the
maturation process of WBCs resulting in large
numbers of immature WBCs in the
circulatingblood. Diagnosis is made from a
blood test which shows anemia, low platelets,
increased lymphoblasts (immature WBC) and
an elevated total WBC count. Symptoms in-
clude weakness, joint pain, anemia, enlarged
lymph nodes, enlarged spleen.
Treatment includes Laetrile, hydrogen perox-
ide, DMSO (matures the immature cells in the
circulation) IV, Onco-Tox, shark liver extract,
hydrazine sulfate, cesium chloride, polyerga,
germanium, carbamide and, as needed, mi-
cro-dose chemotherapy, amino acids IV, vita-
min C to bowel tolerance, selenium at 500-
1 ,000 mcg per day, and vitamin A at 300,000 IU
as beta carotene.
LEUKORRHEA (vaginal discharge): is a
nonspecific vaginal discharge containing
mucus, WBCs and, on occasion, is tinged with
143
blood. Leukorrhea can be caused by Candida
albicans, Hemophilus vaginalis, Streptococ-
cus spp., Staphylococcus (the bacteria that
will cause toxic shock syndrome when vagi-
nal tampons are used incorrectly) or Neisseria
gonorrhoea. Culture (growth of bacteria)
and/or looking at the discharge under the
microscope is required for specific diagnosis.
Treatment of leukorrhea should include spe-
cific treatment for the causative organism (i.e.,
vaginal application of triple sulfonamide
creams, oxytetracycline vaginal supposito-
ries, vaginal douches with vinegar 30 ml/pint
of water, 1.5 % H202 as Oxy Toddy). Gonor-
rhea will require systemic antibiotics as well
(please note that any venereal disease must be
reported to the Public Health Department).
LICE (pediculosis): can infest the head
(Pediculus humanus capitis), body (P.h.
corporis) and pubic area(Phthirius pubis).
Eggs (nits) are white oval shaped seed-like
objects attached to the base of the hairs;
adult lice can be seen scuttling through the
hair on the surface of the skin. Itching and
irritated skin are the most common symp-
toms. Diagnosis is dependent on finding the
adult lice or "nits" in the hair and scalp.
Treatment of lice includes the use of
Labordor tea (Ledum latifolium) or field
larkspur (Delphinium consolida) as a hair
wash, use a special fine toothed comb to
"harvest" the "nits;" treatment should be done
daily for fourteen days to break the life cycle of
the lice. For stubborn cases, you may wish to
use 1% gamma benzene hexachloride daily
for two days as a shampoo and reapplied in
ten days (avoid prolonged use of the insecti-
cide as it can cause genital skin irritation,
especially in males).
LIFE EXPECTANCY (life span): potential
for man is 120-130 years, yet the average life
span based on insurance actuary tables is
only 72 for males and 78 for females. This
leaves a 40-50 year differential that we can
work towards with hopeful expectations.
The use of water filtration systems in the
home, the use of air filters and conditioners
for the home and work place as well as
employing the base line nutrition program
can add ten years to your life. The use of
digestive aids (i.e. , betaine HC1 and pancre-
atic enzymes) will add an additional ten
years to your life (which gives you an added
twenty years when you actively and ag-
gressively seek a healthful life. The Hunza
secret of longivity (average of 100 years
with a top end of 140 years) is the daily
consumption of a rich supply of plant de-
rived colloidal minerals.
Exercise alone without attention to food aller-
gies, digestive aids, base line nutritional supple-
ment program, colloidal minerals and avoid-
ing pollutants will only shorten your life and
make what life you do have veiy sweaty!!!
Take responsibility for your own health and
you will add twenty more years of life —
remember that 40% of all patients in the hos-
pital are there because of iatrogenic disease
(doctor created); this fact does not deal with
the number who died outside of the hospital
because of mistakes in prescriptions, mistakes
in diagnosis and mistakes in procedures!!!
LIVER DISEASE (cirrhosis, nonviral hepa-
titis): can be diagnosed by blood test showing
elevation in SGOT, SGPT, GGT, alkaline phos-
phatase and bilimbin. Elevated ketones in the
urine are clues to liver disease as well as
carbohydrate metabolism Jaundice and prob-
lems with delayed clotting times and a swollen
tender liver (under the ribs at the right upper
quadrant), dry itchy skin (a result of problems
144
with essential fatty acid metalx)lism), anemia
(iron storage and B-l 2/folic acid) deficiencies,
weight loss and ketosis are all symptoms of
liver disease. ALSO SEE GALLBLADDER DIS-
EASE.
Treatment of liver disease includes chela-
tion with complete IV supplementation in-
cluding amino acids and interlipids, vita-
minCtobowel tolerance , vitamin A at 300 ,000
IU per day as beta carotene, B-complex at 100
mg each t.i.d., selenium at 500-1,000 mcg per
day, B-12 at 1,000 mcg per day, folic acid at 15-
25 mg per day, essential fatty acids (both
salmon oil and flaxseed oil) at 1 gm t.i.d. and
herbs including tamarac (Larix americana),
parsley (Carum petroselinum), hemp acri-
mony (Eupatorium cannabium) and milk
thistle (Silybum marianum). Don't forget the
base line nutrition program and colloidal min-
erals
LOCKJAW (tetanus): is caused by the toxin
(waste product) of Clostridium tetani which is
a normal inhabitant of animal manure. Punc-
ture wounds contaminated by this organism
cause the production of tetanus toxin which
paralyzes the voluntary muscles including the
jaw muscles (masseter) which gives the dis-
ease its name "lockjaw." Prevention of the
infection is the best ofthe alternatives; squeeze
the puncture wound to make it bleed; small
puncture wounds of the foot or hands may
require opening to allow cleaning with soap
and water; follow this cleaning with disinfec-
tion with 3% hydrogen peroxide. Take cramp
bark tea (Viburnum opulus) in tablespoon
doses as needed. These very minimal proce-
dures will almost 100% prevent lockjaw.
Treatment of lockjaw after it develops re-
quires the use of tetanus neutralizing non
fixed toxin, clean infected wound, disinfect
wound with hydrogen peroxide, penicillin at
two million u IV q 6 h or tetracycline at 500 mg
rv q6 h, sedation to control muscle spasms, IV
fluids and electrolytes until the patient can eat
and drink on their own.
LUPUS ERYTHEMATOSUS (SLE): is con
sidered a connective tissue disease of un-
known causes; it is of interest that 90% of all
cases of SLE occur in women in their 30s. The
"orthodox" theory is that SLE is an "autoim-
mune" disease that causes the patient's own
antibodies to attack themselves - the fact is the
autoimmune defect occurs as a result of the
disease and the presence of abnormal pro-
teins rather than being the cause. The classical
symptoms of SLE usually begin suddenly with
fever, fatigue, arthritis and/or joint pain (be-
cause of this many SLE patients are misdiag-
nosed as having rheumatoid arthritis), a char-
acteristic facial "butterfly" rash (typical of aller-
gies), severe alopecia (hair loss), and papular
skin lesions. Diagnosis of SLE includes rec-
ognition of a fever with the facial "butter-
fly" rash, poly arthritis, kidney disease,
leukopenia (low WBCs), elevated blood
globulins and the presence of LE cells
(these only occur in 70% of SLE and are
normal WBCs that have engulfed a nucleus
from a destroyed cell). Do the "pulse" test
to determine allergies (i.e., wheat, cow's
milk and soy are the most common).
Treatment of SLE includes avoidance of of-
fending food allergens and rotation of non
allergic foods, autoimmune urine therapy,
chelation with total nutrition for 15-25 infu-
sions, essential fatty acids (salmon oil and
flaxseed oil) at 5 gm t.i.d., selenium at 500-
1,000 mcg per day, B-carnitine at 500 mg pet-
day, AVOID BEEF, DAIRY AND ALFALFA.
Consume daily doses of plant derived colloi-
dal minerals.
LYME DISEASE (LD, Lyme arthritis): is a
145
spirochete bacterial disease that is transmitted
by ticks. The disease was first described in
1975 in Lyme, Connecticut thus, the name.
Three to 32 days after being bitten by an
infected tick a skin lesion known as an ECM
(erythema chronicum migrans) will appear
on the thigh, buttock or axilla. The lesion
expands to a diameter of 50 cm, the lesion
feels hot to the touch. There will be recurrent
attacks of arthritis, fatigue, chills, fever, stiff
neck, sore muscles, nausea and vomiting.
Heart disease in the form of cardiomegaly and
AV-block occur in 8% of the patients.
Diagnosis of Lyme disease requires a high
degree of awareness of the disease. Lyme
disease occurs most often in children who
play out in the grass or deep woods, or those
who have a dog that goes out into the woods
and brings home the Ixodes dammini tick.
The disease occurs in clumps along the north-
eastern coast of the U.S., Wisconsin, Califor-
nia and Oregon. Patients may initially
bemisdiagnosed as rheumatoid arthritis, WBCs
are elevated at 25,000, special blood tests are
required for specific diagnosis.
Treatment of Lyme Disease requires the use of
tetracycline at 250-500 mgq.i.d. for 20 days. In
children where teeth are discolored by tetra-
cyclines penicillin can be used at 20 million u/
day IV in divided doses.
LYMPHOMA(cancerofthe lymph nodes):
see cancer
tion of nutrients or malabsorption of nutrients
as a result ofceliac disease or hypo-chlorhydria.
"Orthodox" doctors tend to think of malnutri-
tion as protein/ calorie deprivation and fail to
recognize macro and micro nutrient deficien-
cies either singly or in complex multiples,
especially in their early stages. "Orthodox"
doctors also fail to recognize that celiac dis-
ease changes in the small intestine lining oc-
cur as a result of "subclinical" allergies to
wheat, cow's milk albumen and soy as well as
other foods (i.e., rye, barley, beef, eggs, etc.).
In reality, diabetes and hypoglycemia are de-
ficiencies of chromium and vanadium cre-
ated by malabsorption as a result ofceliac type
changes in the small intestine; cystic fibrosis is,
in reality, a deficiency of selenium and essen-
tial fatty acids brought on by celiac disease
type changes in the pregnantmother and con-
tinued in the developing infant; arthritis is, in
fact, a deficiency of calcium complicated by
excess phosphorus in the American diet; and
cancer appears to be the result of a depressed
immune system that has run out of essential
nutrients required to keep itself in constant
repair. As wild as it seems "malnutrition" as a
result of "malabsorption" appears to be the
common denominator ofalmost all degenera-
tive disease. Liquid plant derived colloidal
minerals are the most efficient way to get
minerals into malnurished humans.
MANIA (manic depression): see depres-
sion, food allergies; see hypoglycemia
MALABSORPTION: see celiac disease, food
allergies and hypochlorhydria
MALIGNANCY (cancer): see cancer
MALNUTRITION: can occur as an overt nutri-
tional deficiency or secondary to extended
use of medications that interfere with absorp-
MEASLES (rubeola): is a highly contagious
viral disease with a sudden onset, cough, nasal
drainage, conjunctivitis, Koplik's spots (erup-
tions on the oral and labial mucosa) and a
pimple like skin rash that starts on the head
and neck and spreads to the body, arms and
legs. Elevated temperature to 104 F is com-
mon; pneumonia and encephalitis are un-
146
usual and potentially fatal side effects. Measles
today affects young teenagers and young adults
and less often infants. The incubation of
measles is 7-14 days with the diag-nostic
Koplik's spots appearing four days after the
fever starts. Having had measles gives life long
immunity.
Treatment of measles should include topical
OTC products to relieve itching (i.e.,Caladryl),
herbs including salves made of marigold
(Calendula officinalis) and orally columbine
(Aquilegia vulgaris), yarrow (Achillea
millefolium) and pleurisy root (Asclepias tube-
rose).
MEASLES, GERMAN (rubella, three-day
measles): is a contagious viral disease that
produces mild symptoms in children includ-
ing swollen lymphnodes of the head and
neck. The incubation period is 14-21 days and
overt symptoms may be absent in teenagers
and adults. The typical skin rash occurs first on
the face then spreads quickly to the body and
limbs with a general body flush not unlike
scarlet fever. Adults may have enlarged lymph
nodes on the head and neck and adult males
may complain of brief testicular pain. RU-
BELLA IS A DANGEROUS DISEASE IN PREG-
NANT WOMEN THAT CAN INDUCE SPON-
TANEOUS ABORTIONS AND BIRTH DE-
FECTS. VACCINES WILL CAUSE SIMILAR
BIRTH DEFECTS AS THE DISEASE SO ARE
TO BE AVOIDED DURING PREGNANCY.
Treatment for rubella is the same symptomatic
therapy as that used for the nine-day measles.
MELASMA (chloasma, "mask of preg-
nancy"): dark brown spots with distinct mar-
gins found on the face and forehead of preg-
nant women and women on birth control
hormones, sunlight darkens the pigment. The
spots may fade after childbirth. Susceptible
individuals should use sunscreens while ex-
posed to the sun. These spots are cosmetic in
nature and appear to be of no consequence to
health.
MEMORY LOSS (senile dementia,
Korsakoffs syndrome, Alzheimer's): can
be much more devastating than a physical
disability. There are a variety of causes of
memory loss and it is suggested that you look
up each one separately including food aller-
gies and hypoglycemia. You should do pulse
test to determine allergies or sensitivities to
various foods; do a six-hour GTT to rule in or
rule out hypoglycemia.
Treatment of memory loss should include
avoidance of offending food allergens, avoid-
ance of sugar, avoidance of alcohol, chro-
mium at 25-200 mcg t.i.d., selenium at 200-
1,000 mcg per day, vitamin E at 800-1,200 IU
per day, B-complex at 50 mg t.i.d., Diapid
(vasopressin) at 12-16 U/day (this is a nasal
spray), Lucidril (centrophenoxine) at 4.4-8.0
gm/day, Dinagen (piracetam) at 1.6-4.8 gm/
day (should take choline with this product)
and hydergine at 9-20 mg per day.
MENARCHE (menstruation, "period"): is
the regular monthly cycle of women that
alternatives ovulation (mid cycle approxi-
mately at day 14) with "periods" (the 3-7 day
discharge of blood and uterine lining) at the
end of the cycle. "Periods" will frequently stop
in women and athletes and women who drop
below 20% body fat. The stopping of a period
is of no health consequence in of itself but is a
signal that you may be too thin for a normal
cycle and ovulation. Painful "periods" are not
uncommon and can be severe enough to
force bed rest (this is usually the result of
essential fatty acid deficiencies).
Treatment of painful or excessive menses
147
("heavy flow") can include OTC products (i.e.
Midol) and/or herbs such as snapdragon
(Linaria vulgaris), Bethroot(Trilliumerectum),
black cohosh (Cimicifuga racemose), blue
cohosh (Caulophyllum thalictroides), tamarac
(Larix americana), alpine ragwort (Senecio
fuchsii), ladies mantle (Alche milla vulgaris),
St. Johns wort (Hypericum perforatum),
shepherd's purse (Capsella bursa-pastoris),
white deadnettle (Lamium album) and yar-
row (Achillea millefolium); essential fatty ac-
ids (salmon oil and flaxseed oil) at 5 gm t.i.d.,
vitamin E at 800-1,200 IU/day, selenium at
500-1,000 mcg per day, iron at 25-50 mg per
day (especiallyfor vegetarian women who do
not eat red meat or liver regularly).
MENINGITIS (infection of the brain and
spinal cord covering): can be caused by a
variety of organisms including bacteria (i.e.,
Neisseria meningitides, Hemophilis
influenzae, Streptococcus (Diplococcus)
pneumoniae, Listeria monocytogenes), fungi,
and hundreds of viruses). There is great
danger in this disease in that infants with
meningitis often only show a fever and leth-
argy and there is a "blood-brain barrier" that
prevents most medications from getting into
the inner surface of the meninges, into the
space beneath the meninges and into the
brain itself. Symptoms of meningitis vary
considerably but usually include a sore throat,
fever, headache, stiff neck, and vomiting.
Children and adults may become critically ill
in 6-24 hours after the first appearance of
symptoms. If you suspect meningitis, this is
one disease that requires rapid diagnosis and
treatment GET PATIENT TO AN EMERGENCY
ROOMSTAT!!! DEMAND IMMEDIATE HELP!!!
Meningitis patients often die because they
have waited 2-4 hours in an emergency wait-
ing room!!!
nosis (spinal tap) and injection of antibiotics
into the subdural space (under the meninges),
total IV fluid and electrolyte support, and very
frequently mechanical respirators - MENIN-
GITIS IS NOT A SELF-HELP DISEASE!!!
MENINGOCELE (severe anencephlia or
spina bifida): is a severe birth defect that
results in exposure of the brain or spinal cord
and its coverings (meninges) because of im-
proper formation of the vertebrae. This birth
defect is caused by a deficiency of folic acid, B-
12, or zinc and vitamin A during early preg-
nancy. These deficiencies may be the result of
deficient diets and/or malabsorption syn-
dromes in the pregnant mother. Severe cases
may be debilitating or fatal.
Treatment of meningocele is limited to sur-
gery. PREVENTION is the goal here!!
MENKES KINKY HAIR SYNDROME: is
thought by the "orthodox" pediatrician to be a
genetic disease, however, it appears to be a
malabsorption problem in early infancy (i.e.,
celiac disease) that results in a copper defi-
ciency (along with other deficiencies). It has
long been known in the veterinaiy field that a
copper deficiency causes "kinky wool" dis-
ease. Retarded growth, anemia, progressive
brain degeneration, sparse brittle hair, loss of
hair color, arterial aneurysms and scurvy-like
bone disease (ostosis) are characteristic. Hair
analysis will show very low copper levels and
blood will show a low copper and low ceru-
loplasmin.
Treatment ofMenke's syndrome includes deal-
ing with the malabsorption problems (i.e.,
avoid wheat, cow's milk and soy) give copper
IV at 200 ug/kg/day, give copper orally at 1-2
mg per day after relief of symptoms.
Treatment of meningitis requires rapid diag- MENOPAUSE (climacteric): see climacteric
148
MERCURY POISONING: can result the in-
gestion or inhalation of any mercurial com-
pound and off-gassing of mercury vapors
from mercury amalgam dental fillings. Symp-
toms include gastroenteritis, salivation, burn-
ing mouth pain, abdominal pain, nausea and
vomiting.colitis, kidney disease, gingivitis,
mental and emotional disturbances and nerve
deficits. Multiple sclerosis is thought by many
dentists and alternative health advocates to be
the result of mercury poisoning. Diagnosis of
mercury poisoning is easily made with a hair
analysis and history of a mercury source. The
mental and emotional symptoms of mercury
poisoning in "hatters" in Victorian England led
to the coining of the saying "as mad as a hatter"
(don't forget the "mad hatter" in Alice in Won-
derland).
Treatment of mercury poisoning includes the
removal of the source of mercury including
removing mercury amalgam dental fillings,
chelation with CaEDTA (to include complete
IV nutrition) and sweating (sauna) as mercury
is excreted in sweat.
The use of selenium containing colloidal min-
erals is very effective in removing mercury
from the tissues.
METABOLIC THERAPY: is the resolving or
curing of disease processes by conecting the
whole body metabolism through nutrition,
herbs, homeopathy, acupuncture, manipula-
tion and hydrotherapy.
METHADONE: is the drug used to facilitate
opiate withdrawal. Classically methadone is
given in just enough amounts to prevent the
most severe withdrawal symptoms (usually
20 mg/day). The opiate (i.e., opium, mor-
phine, etc.) withdrawal symptoms are self-
limiting and not life threatening (although
addicts in withdrawal often wish they were
dead). The use of double the base line nutri-
tion program for 30 days will enhance the
patient's ability to get through the withdrawal
- after 30 days drop to the base line nutritional
supplement program and remain on it. Do
pulse test to determine food sensitivities/aller-
gies and do a six-hour GTT. Individuals
addicted to drugs and/or alcohol very fre-
quently have "addictive allergies" to food and
sugar.
MIGRAINE HEADACHES: are frequently her-
alded by flashes of light, tingling and occurs
between the ages of 10-30 years of age and
more often in women than men. Nausea,
vomiting, diarrhea, digital cyanosis (blue color
from lack of circulation and/or oxygen), irrita-
bility and photophobia are common symp-
toms. "Orthodox" doctors tend to think that
migraine headaches are the result of blood
vessel problems; in reality, migraine attacks
are the result of food allergies with the "target"
tissue being the arteries which constrict in the
elastic arteries in the brain and dilate the
muscular scalp arteries. Do the pulse test to
determine which foods you are allergic to.
Treatment and prevention are related to avoid-
ance of food allergens which are identified by
means of the pulse test, rotation diets, autoim-
mune urine therapy, betaine HC1 and pancre-
atic enzymes at 75-200 mg t.i.d., vitamin C to
bowel tolerance, bioflavonoids at 200 mg
b.i.d. and the base line nutritional supplement
program.
MISCARRIAGE (spontaneous abortion):
is usually due to deficiencies of vitamins, trace
minerals and/or protein. In particular, vitamin
A, zinc, folic acid, selenium and complete
proteins are essential to maintenance of preg-
nancy. Restricted diets (i.e., weight loss, in-
complete vegetarian diets, incomplete rota-
tion diets, etc.) and malabsorption syndromes
149
(i.e., celiac disease type intestinal injury) are
the most common reasons for the malnutri-
tion that causes miscarriages and birth defects.
Do the pulse test to identify offending food
allergens.
Treatment for, and prevention of, miscarriages
includes the base line nutrition program for six
months before attempting conception and
herbs including crampbark (Viburnu-
mopulus), blue cohosh (Caulophyllum
thalictroides) and alfalfa.
MITRAL VALVE PROLAPSE: is a common
progressive change in the left AV valve (mitral
valve) and surrounding heart tissue. Most
people are not aware that they have a prob-
lem, some have nonanginal chest pain, palpi-
tations, fatigue and/or breathing problems. A
late systolic "murmur" is sometimes detected
when doing "squat" type exercises. If you are
asymptomatic, your activities need not be
restricted.
Treatment of mitral valve prolapse should
include selenium at 500-1 ,000 mcg/day, mag-
nesium at 1,000 mg t.i.d. and salmon oil at 1-
5 gm t.i.d. and hawthorne (Crataegus
oxyacantha). Don't forget the base line nutri-
tion program. You can expect significant
improvement in 30-60 days.
MONCKEBERG'S ARTERIOSCLEROSIS: is
a circular calcification of the media (middle
muscular/elastic layer) of small arteries. This
disease is caused by hypervitaminosis D (ex-
cess vitamin D). Symptoms include hyperten-
sion and angina.
Treatment of Monkeberg's arterio sclerosis
should include EDTA chelation, vitamin C to
bowel tolerance, selenium at 500-1,000 mcg
per day and the base line nutritional supple-
ment program.
MONGOLISM (Down's syndrome): is a
birth defect caused by a zinc deficiency in the
earliest moments of conception (one third of
the extra chromosome comes from the pater-
nal parent). The "orthodox" doctors feel that
mongolism is the result of a chromosomal
defect that increases in risk as the maternal
parent ages — itis said that women over 35
have 20% of the Down's syndrome babies (yet
these women have only 6% of the babies born
each year). Teenage mothers produce per-
haps as many as 60% of the remaining Down's
syndrome babies.
Newborn Down's syndrome babies are termed
"floppy" babies as they are without muscular
tone, placid and rarely cry. Physical and
mental maturation is retarded and the average
IQ is 50. A small head with a domed forehead
is characteristic; the bridge of the nose is
flattened; the eyes are slanted and have pro-
nounced oriental folds (epicanthal folds); there
are Brushfield's spots (gray salt-like grains
around the outer edge of the iris) at birth, they
disappear in the first year of life.
Prevention of Down's syndrome includes the
base line nutritional supplement program for
90 days prior to attempting conception; test for
food allergies with the pulse test to eliminate
the malabsorption of zinc and other nutrients.
Treatment of Down's syndrome should in-
clude zinc at 50 mg t.i.d. and the base line
nutritional supplement program; do pulse test
in Down's patient to determine the presence
of food allergies; avoid offending foods. You
can expect an increase in IQ of 15-20 points
and an improvement in physical features as
long as the program is followed; withdrawal
from the program results in loss ofall the gains.
MORNING SICKNESS: is a nausea that oc-
150
curs in the first three months of pregnancy
because of rising progesterone levels. Having
a complex carbohydrate or protein snack upon
awakening will relieve much of the nausea;
herbal tea such as dogwood(Cornus sericea)
and mint (Mentha sativa); B-6 and B-complex
at 25 mg t.i.d., essential fatty acids at 1,000 mg
t.i.d. and the base line nutritional supplement.
MOSQUITOES: can be eliminated from your
dwelling by using screen windows and doors.
Electric insect "zappers" can be placed ap-
proximately 15-25 yards from the back door-
- the idea being that the violet light will attract
the mosquitoes away from the house as well
as kill a large number. In addition, to being an
initant mosquitoes cany a number of serious
human diseases including meningitis, en-
cephalitis in North America and malaria, yel-
low fever, meningitis and encephalitis in South
America. There are numerous OTC flying
insect sprays, herbs like pennyroyal (Mentha
pulegium) oil nibbed on the skin and vitamins
such as B-l at 500 mg/day will also "repel"
mosquitoes.
MULTIPLE SCLEROSIS (MS): is a progres-
sive disease of the central nervous system. MS
is characterized by scattered zones of demy-
elination (loss of the fatty insolation layer on
nerves). Symptoms begin between the ages of
20-40 years and usually start with tingling and/
or numbness in the arms or legs (usually
"stocking" and "glove" distribution). SEE MER-
CURY POISONING. Weakness, clumsiness,
visual problems, balance problems and dizzi-
ness and problems with bladder control fol-
low in months or years. Knee and ankle
reflexes are often increased or exaggerated.
Intention tremor, nystagmus and a "scanning"
speech (known as Charcot's triad) are fre-
quent problems. Spontaneous remissions for
months or years are typical of the untreated
disease in the early stages. The untreated
disease can be rapidly fatal in one year. Stress
is known to precipitate acute attacks. Diagno-
sis isbased on history and neurological exam
(the cerebrospinal fluid is abnormal in 80% of
the patients -normal CSF doesn't nile out MS).
Do pulse test to determine food allergens.
Treatment offered by the "orthodox" neurolo-
gists is limited to cortisone or prednisone,
unfortunately, this course of therapy is like
giving aspirin to treat a brain tumor!!! It is
known that avoidance of animal fats and a
relatively high consumption of fish oil (cod
liver oil as salmon oil) at 5 gm t.i.d. and
flaxseed oil at one tbsp. b.i.d. will increase
your survival rate by 50 percent; the consump-
tion of cholesterol is of extreme importance as
the myelin sheath that disappears in MS is
made almost exclusively of cholesterol.
Treatment should include removal of mercury
fillings, the use of CaEAP at 1 q.i.d., .,
octocosanol at two capsules t.i.d., and snake
venom injections daily, d-phenylalanine at
500 mg t.i.d., betaine HC1 and pancreatic en-
zymes at 75-200 mg t.i.d., practice avoidance
of known food allergens and rotation diets to
heal the small intestine, avoid vitamin C supple-
mentation (eat green vegetables and juices as
a natural source of vitamin C. This treatment
regime has also proved effected for ALS (Lou
Gehrig's Disease),
MUMPS: is a contagious viral disease that
causes painful enlargement of the salivary
glands, especially the parotids. The mumps
virus is very aggressive, is found in the saliva
six days before the patient feels ill , found in the
urine and blood. Symptoms include fever (up
to 104 F), chills, the skin over the salivary
glands becomes tender and shiny and edema
of the parotid salivary gland that causes no-
ticeable swelling in front of and below the ear.
151
Complications occur in 20% or so of adult
males as a painful testicular infection; testicu-
lar atrophy may follow the infection although
hormone production and fertility are rarely
affected.
Treatment of mumps is symptomatic includ-
ing pain relief (i.e., codeine, tylenol, aspirin,
etc.), bed rest, liquid diet including chicken
rice soup, sugarlessJello, Gatorade, juices and
herbs for symptomatic treatment including
mullein (Verbascum thapsus).
MUSCULAR DYSTROPHY (MD): is another
crime against the people by the "orthodox"
medical doctors for reasons of money - if the
total truth was shared with the public, muscu-
lar dystrophy would be totally preventable
but a whole medical specialty would be wiped
out!!! As crazy as this seems, look at the
veterinary industry where muscle is "king"
(i.e., pork chops, beef steak, lamb chops,
roasts, ground red meat, chicken, turkey, etc.);
muscular dystrophy has been wiped out!!! A
fanner with 100 cows can expect 100 concep-
tions, 100 live births, 100 normal calves and
100 calves raised to market or reproductive
age; how can this be that animals are treated
better than people???
Prevention is the name of the game with MD;
the selenium levels in preconception women
is important to the maintenance of pregnancy
as well as the prevention of muscular dystro-
phy in all of its forms (i.e., Duchenne, Erb
(scapulohumerall), Leyden-Moebius (pelvi-
femoral), Landouzy-Dejerine {facio-scapulo-
humeral), Becker's {benign juvenile} and
Gowers (hands and feet}), which are in reality
artificial classifications of MD by the groups of
muscles initially affected. Keshan disease
(heart muscular dystrophy) which isalso
caused by selenium deficiency should be
added to the list of muscular dystrophies. In
the veterinary profession, muscular dystro-
phy ("White Muscle Disease") has been elimi-
nated by the use of selenium in pregnant
females and rapidly growing prepubic ani-
mals. In addition to overt deficiencies of
selenium in the diet, the celiac disease type
changes in the small intestine caused by food
allergies is the common cause of tissue defi-
ciencies of selenium.
The symptoms of MD can start with weakness,
scoliosis (curvature of the spine), enlarge-
ment of certain muscle groups (i.e., calves,
trapezius, etc.) to compensate for the loss of
strength ofsynergistic muscle groups. A muscle
biopsy is usually done by a neurologist to
make the diagnosis of MD. If selenium and
vitamin E were to be given IM or IV at the veiy
first onset of symptoms the disease will be
anested or cured. The "orthodox" doctors
resort to prednisone and surgery!!!! Death is
the inevitable end for those kids with MD if
they are "treated" in the "orthodox" method -
-it would be much healthier to go to a veteri-
narian for help!!!! Do the pulse test to deter-
mine food allergies and sensitivities.
Treatment of MD and/or Keshan disease in-
cludes the use of selenium orally (plant de-
rived colloidal minerals), IV or IM at 50-1,000
mcg per day (based on weight), vitamin E IM
at 80 mg per day, selenium orally at 250-1 ,000
mcg per day, vitamin E 800-1, 200 orally, sulfur
amino acids IV as a complete amino acid
infusion and orally in the form of free amino
acids and sugarlessJello; essential fatty acids 5
gm t.i.d., avoid food allergens, avoid exces-
sive fats (no more than 20% of the calories
each day as fat), choline as soy lecithin at 10-
20 gm per day, avoid exercise for one month
during initial treatment period (this isthe op-
posite recommendation from the "orthodox"
treatment) to avoid undue injury to already
biochemically compromised muscle tissue.
152
MUSCLE CRAMPS (Charley horse): are a
"mini" convulsion that is taking place in the
muscle as a result of deficiencies of calcium,
magnesium, potassium, selenium and/orvita-
min E. Muscle cramps may be as subtle as the
twitch of an eyelid, muscle flutter in arms or
legs (fasciculations) to and including the hard
cramps of the feet, calves, back and neck
muscles. Prevention includes the base line
nutritional supplement program. Do pulse
test to determine food allergies that might
cause celiac disease type changes and the
resultant malabsorption. Do a hair analysis to
determine mineral status.
Treatment of muscle cramps can include liq-
uid colloidal calcium, magnesium and potas-
sium; betaine HC1 and pancreatic enzymes at
75-200 mg t.i.d. before meals.
NASAL CATARRH (runny nose, stuffy
nose): can be caused by a wide variety of
upper respiratory viral infections.
Treatment includes Contac at 1 q 12 h, cay-
enne pepper (Capsicum minimum), eucalyp-
tus (Eucalyptus globulus), German chamo-
mile (Matricaria chamomilla) and scotch pine
(Pinus sylvestris).
NAUSEA: can be caused by a wide variety of
diseases and syndromes ranging from nutri-
tional deficiencies, pregnancy, hepatitis, food
allergies to cancer; therefore, if nausea is a
recurring problem detailed investigation
should be pursued.
Treatment ofnausea can include Pepto Bismol
Kaopectate, and herbs to include artichoke
(Cynara scolymus), avens (Geum urbanum)
and peppermint (Mentha piperita).
NERVOUS HEART (rapid beat or palpita-
tions when nervous): tends to be common
in senior citizens. Many of these cardiac
symptoms are the result of B-l (Beri-Beri)
deficiencies, anemia and deficiencies of stom-
ach acid. Do pulse test to determine if food
allergies are a contributing factor.
Treatment of"nervous" heart conditions should
include B-l at 100 mg t.i.d., iron at 45-100 mg,
improve general diet, don't forget the base line
nutritional supplement program and herbs
including hawthorn (Crataegus oxyacantha),
hops(Humuluslupulus),lavender(Lavandula
angustifolia), motherwort (Leonums cardiaca)
and valerian (Valeriana officinalis); avoid of-
fending food allergens and employ rotation
diets.
NERVOUS TENSION (nervous head-
aches): are usually brought on by tension and
overwork; there may be a precipitating food
allergy involved so don't forget to do a pulse
test.
Treatment includes avoidance of sugar, caf-
feine, food allergens, avoidance and/or re-
duction of stress and tension; exercise, home-
opathy, acupuncture, color therapy, sublimi-
nal relaxation tapes and herbs including balm
(Melissa officinalis), bitter orange (Citnis
aurantium), sweet woodruff (Gallium
odoraturm), wild celery (Apium graveolens)
and lily-of-the valley (Convallaria magalis).
NEURALGIA (Bell's palsy, neuropathy): is
an irritation of a nerve which can be caused by
many diseases rangingfrom trauma, nutritional
deficiencies (i.e., B-12, folic acid, B-l, B-6,
etc.), infections (i.e., herpes, shingles, etc.),
alcoholism, diabetes, MS, etc.
Treatment requires attention to any and all
underlying conditions; treatment of neuralgia
should also include B-complex 50 t.i.d., B-12
153
1 ,000 mcg per day, essential fatty acids as EPA
at 5 gmt.i.d. and flaxseed oil at one tbsp. b.i.d.,
calcium and magnesium at 2,000 mg and
1,000 mg per day, Isoprinosin at 500-1,500
mg/day and Ribavirin at 250-1 ,500 mg/day for
viral neuralgias (i.e., herpes and shingles),
acupuncture and herbs including lavender
(Lavandula angustifolia), oats (Avena satifa),
rosemary (Rosmarinus officinalis), St. Johns
wort (Hypericum perforatum), white willow
(Salix alba).
NIGHT BLINDNESS (xerophthalmia): is
caused by a vitamin A deficiency which can be
overt dietary deficiency, fat malabsorption
syndrome (vitamin A is fat soluble), zinc defi-
ciency which results in poor conversion of
carotene to vitamin A by the liver; cystic fibro-
sis, celiac disease and various food allergies
result in intestinal changes that prevent ab-
sorption of fat soluble vitamins (i.e. , vitamin A,
vitamin E, vitamin D and vitamin K) as well as
essential fatty acids. Symptoms of night blind-
ness include delayed adaption or complete
failure of adaption to darkness.
Treatment of night blindness is very specific
with 25,000-300,000 IU of vitamin A per day as
beta carotene and zinc at 15-50 mg t.i.d.
NIGHTTERRORS (nightmares): are almost
always caused by food allergies and
hypoglycemia. The pulse test and the six-
hour GTT are necessary to determine the
exact cause of nightterrors. Remember the
low point of blood sugar levels occur at 4-4 1/
2 hours after consumption of food (especially
sugar foods and drinks) so night terrors will
occur four hours after consumption of food
(especially sugar foods and drinks) so night
terrors will occur four hours after consump-
tion of "bedtime snacks" (i.e., cookies and
milk). Bedwetting in children often accompa-
nies night terrors and are the direct result of
foodallergies (usually milk) and hypoglycemia
(sugar bedtime snacks).
Treatment of night terrors includes avoidance
ofoffending food allergens, avoidance ofsugar,
chromium at 25-200 mcg t.i.d., high animal
protein diets, base line nutritional supplement
program, avoid caffeine.
NOSEBLEEDS (epistaxis): are usually the
result of vitamin K and/or vitamin C deficien-
cies. "Orthodox" EENTs like to do "minor"
surgery on noses to cauterize (i.e., burn) cap-
illaries in the nasal membranes to stop the
nosebleeds.
Treatment for nosebleeds should include in-
creased consu mption ofgreen leafy vegetables,
reseed colon with Lactobacillus acidophilus
(the bacteria will synthesize vitamin K), vita-
min C to bowel tolerance, calcium and mag-
nesium at 2,000 mg and 1,000 mg per day,
vitamin E at 800-1,200 IU per day, alfalfa
tablets at 5 t.i.d. with meals and herbs includ-
ing toad flax (Linaria vulgaris).
NUMBNESS (tingling both hands, Carpal
Tunnel Syndrome): can be caused by neu-
ralgia (diabetes, B-12 deficiency), circulation
problems and "carpal tunnel" syndrome; on
occasion food allergies can cause numbness
and tingling and should be considered in your
diagnostic process; don't forget thepossibility
of MS. "Tinnel's sign" (tap wrist) with the
finger to elicit pain. "Orthodox" neurologist
love to do carpal tunnel surgeiy for this prob-
lem.
Treatment for numbness and tingling should
include aggressive diagnosis and treatment of
any underlying condition as well as B-12 at
1000 mcg per day, B-6 at 200-300 mg t.i.d.,
calcium and magnesium at 2,000 mg and
1 ,000 mg per day and zinc at 50 mg t.i.d. , B-12
154
at 1,000 mcg/day and colloidal minerals.
OBESITY (overweight): is a problem to
various degrees in all industrialized nations
and, in particular, the United States. Obesity
has various causes and combinations ofcauses;
obesity is not a simple problem. Rendered
down to its simplest terms obesity is consum-
ing and storing more calories than you are
using. Starvation only complicates the conec-
tion of the problem as a starving body will shut
off calorie consumption as an energy conser-
vation move; to avoid this body maneuver, be
sure to consume at least 1 ,000 calories per day
(a gradual but permanent loss of pounds and
inches will occur). Moderate exercise in the
form of walking, tennis, golf, swimming and/
or low impact aerobics (i.e., Chi Gong) is
adequate; don't forget the base line nutritional
supplements as your need for nutritional
supplementation becomes critical when you
are on a restricted diet. In fact 90% of obese
people over eat and binge because empty
calorie diets result in "pica" - a nibbling behav-
ior caused by the bodies search for trace
minerals! (Use colloidal minerals)!
Test for food allergies with the pulse test and
do a six-hour glucose tolerance test to deter-
mine if you have hypoglycemia or diabetes
(remember a single fasting blood glucose test
will miss 99-9% of all hypoglycemics and 85%
of all diabetics).
"Treatment" of obesity is, in fact, a change in
life style and habits requiring as complete a
commitment as that required to stop smoking.
Avoid offending food allergens, avoid sugarin
all forms (i.e., solids as well as liquids), avoid
caffeine (caffeine lowers blood sugar and
makes you hungry!!!), avoid carbonated soft
drinks (even the one calorie varieties are loaded
with phosphates which will cause osteoporosis
over the long haul - you are already on a
restricted diet, don't compromise your min-
eral status any further); drink filtered spring
water (distilled water is "hungry" water and
will demineralize your bones over a long
period of usage), drink 8-10 glasses of water
each day (40% of your water normally comes
from food - it only makes sense if you restrict
your food, you will also restrict water unless
you make a conscious effort to drink enough)
as "compulsive"trips to the refrigerator are
most often subliminal searches for water (es-
pecially right after meals), use special salts to
flavor meals (potassium salt with kelp is excel-
lent), DO NOT SKIP MEALS, make breakfast
your largest most complete meal, lunch should
be a moderate meal with animal protein and
dinner should be a light "soup and salad," take
salmon oil at 5gmt.i.d. with meals, flaxseed oil
at one tbsp. b.i.d., two heaping tbsp. of nutri-
tional fiber in an eight ounce glass of water
before bed, glucomannan at 1 gm in eight
ounces of water one hour before meals, be-
taine HCl and pancreatic enzymes at 75-200
mg t.i.d. 15 minutes before meals and take
thyroid starting at 1-3 grains (too much will
make you a little jittery and increase your heart
rate as much as 10-20 beats/minute -adjust up
or down in dosage as needed — if you get
above six grains before you OD on thyroid,
you have celiac disease type because of your
intestine -do pulse test and avoid allergens!!!!),
take herbal laxatives and/or herbal diuretic
teas as necessaiy , subliminal weight loss tapes
can be very helpful (especially at the begin-
ning). THIS PROGRAM IS VERY COMPLEX
TO BEGIN WITH - CHANGE ALL OF THE
FOOD IN YOUR HOUSE - AFTER YOU
REACH YOUR WEIGHT GOALS, YOU CAN
SIMPLIFY YOUR WEIGHT LOSS PROGRAM.
OBSTRUCTION OF AmWAYS (choking):
will be heralded by the "universal choking
sign" of both hands clutched at the throat and
a loss of the ability to speak. This happens
155
veiy frequently in restaurants and is often
referred to as a "restaurant coronary" as most
observers think the patient is having a "heart
attack." Prevention includes the stopping of
talking while you are chewing and swallow-
ing food (especially meat and firm raw veg-
etables such as carrots and beets).
Treatment of choking includes: 1) putting
your finger into the back of the throat and
manually removing the obstruction; 2) per-
forming a "Heimlich" maneuver (standing
behind the patient, lock your arms around
them with hands locked just below the xi-
phoid cartilage and suddenly thrust/squeeze;
for babies use hands only). If the obstruction
is lodged and cannot be coughed out with the
Heimlich maneuver; a tracheotomy must be
performed as a lifesaving maneuver (die EMTs
will not get there in time!) and you must use
whatever is available (i.e., pocket knife, steak
knife, etc.). The location of the incision is half
way between the base of the larynx (voice
box) and the notch where the collar bones join
the breast bone - it must be dead center and
large enough to accommodate the empty
barrel of a ball point pen which will provide
enough airflow for survival - the EMTs will
arrive about five minutes after you have com-
pleted your "surgery," however, the patient
would have died if you waited for them. If the
patient's heart has also stopped as a result of
the choking, you will have to perform CPR
after you have created the airway.
OLIGOSPERMIA (low sperm count): is usu-
ally the result of nutritional deficiencies and/
or malabsorption syndromes. Do a pulse test
to determine if food allergies and celiac type
changes are a factor. Infertility if the usual "red
flag" that raises the question of sperm count.
Place one drop of a semen sample on a slide
with a cover slip on top; at high power, the live
sperm should be highly motile and appear as
swirling waves as "battalions" of Chinese in-
fantry.
Treatment for oligospermia includes avoid-
ance of offending food allergens, double the
base line nutritional supplementation for 30-
60 days, acupuncture, and herbs including
ginseng (Panax ginseng) and herbal combina-
tions such as Zumba.
OMPHALOCELE (umbilical hernia): is a
birth defect characterized by a grape to bas-
ketball sized skin sac in the "belly button" that
is lined with peritoneum (membrane lining of
the abdominal cavity); the sac may contain fat
and/or intestinal loops that can be pushed
back into the abdominal cavity. This is a
common birth defect that is caused by mater-
nal deficiencies (and, thus, fetal deficiencies)
of vitamin A and/or zinc.
Treatment of umbilical hernia requires sur-
gery to repair the belly wall defect if the
"hernial ring" (defect in the belly wall) is larger
than your finger tip. If the defect is approxi-
mately the diameter of your finger tip you can
heal this one at home without surgery. The
technique is to place a golf ball sized ball of
virgin wool on the hernia and tape it firmly
down to the level of the skin. Three times each
day, remove the wool ball and be sure the fat
is pushed back into the belly cavity with the
finger tip; at the same time, rub the "hernial
ring" in a rotary fashion for several minutes
toirritate it. Over a period of weeks to months,
the defect will fill in and completely heal
without surgery.
ORGANIC BRAESf SYNDROME (pellagra,
alcoholism, dementia, depression,
hyperkinesis, hypoglycemia, diabetes, PMS,
paranoia, schizophrenia and learning disabili-
ties): is caused by a wide variety of nutritional
deficiencies (i.e., niacin, B-l, B-12, folic acid,
156
chromium, etc.) and toxicities (i.e., alcohol-
ism, lead poisoning, mercury poisoning-den-
tal amalgam). Do a pulse test to determine if
food allergies are a part of the syndromes and
do a six-hour GTT to mle in or rule out
diabetes or hypoglycemia (remember a single
fasting blood glucose will miss 99-9% of the
hypoglycemia and 85% of the diabetes).
Treatment of organic mental disorders re-
quires serious dedication to identify the un-
derlying problems and dealing with them.
Treatment should include avoidance of food
allergens, rotation diets, betaine HC1 and pan-
creatic enzymes at 75-200 mg. t.i.d. 15 minutes
before meals, B-3 (niacin) at 450 mg t.i.d. as
time release tablets, essential fatty acids as
salmon and flaxseed oils at 5 mg each t.i.d.,
chromium at 25-200 mcg t.i.d. and zinc at 50
mg t.i.d. Don't forget the base line nutritional
supplement program.
ORNITHOSIS (parrot fever): is an infec-
tious disease caused by (Chlamydia psittaci);
panot fever is transmitted by inhaling the
contam-inated dust from feathers, cage bed-
ding or feces of infected birds (i.e., parrots,
parakeets, love birds and canaries or pigeons).
Panot fever is characterized by an "atypical
pneumonia." Symptoms of "parrot fever" in-
clude fever, chills, weakness, loss of appetite,
dry coughing initially that develops into a
productive cough. At first, "panot fever" may
be diagnosed as "flu" or confused with Legion-
naires disease or Q fever. Exposure to birds
(especially sick ones) will offer a clue that
Sherlock Holmes wouldn't miss!!! A blood test
is required for specific diagnosis.
Treatment of "panot fever" includes the use of
tetracycline orally at 250-500 mg q.i.d. for 10-
14 days; the cough should be controlled with
codeine and strict bed rest should be enforced
as untreated and uncontrolled "panot fever"
can be fatal.
OSTEOARTHRITIS (degenerative arthri-
tis): see arthritis
OSTEITIS FIBROSA (nutritional second-
ary hyperparathyroidism): is also known
as Paget's Disease. This is a bone disease that
affects men more often than women (women
get osteoporosis more frequently) and is char-
acterized by a loss of hard bone which is
replaced by fibrous connective tissue. The first
signs of Paget's Disease occur in the dental
arcade by separating the teeth and loss of teeth
because of loss of jaw bone. The weight
bearing bones of the pelvis, femur and tibia
are next; very frequently there is a loss of
stature as the bones undergo rearchitecturing
and kyphosis ("dowagers" hump). The cause
is thought to be unknown by the "orthodox"
doctors, however,in animals the cause is a
reversed calcium/ phosphorus dietary ratio
intake in the presence of relatively large
amounts of vitamin D (makes sense as men
tend to be out in the sun without their shirts
more often than women). Diagnosis of Paget's
Disease can be made by x ray ofthe teeth in the
earliest stages and x ray of the weight bearing
bones in the more advancedstages. the blood
shows an elevated alkaline phosphatase (cal-
cium and phosphoais are usually in the nor-
mal range) and an elevated parathyroid gland
hormone. (It is interesting to note that "ortho-
dox" orthopedic doctors think of Paget's Dis-
ease as a viral infection).
Treatment of Paget's Disease should include a
vigorous effort to conect the dietary calcium/
phosphorus ratio, reduce or eliminate red
meat intake, avoid phosphate containing soft
drinks, avoid all phosphate containing supple-
ments, reduce vitamin D intake and exposure
(i.e., hats, long sleeve shirts, etc.), increase
calcium and magnesium intake to 2,000 mg
and 1,000 mg per day, take betaine HCl and
157
pancreatic enzymes at 75-200 mg t.i.d. 15
minutes before meals and don't forget the
base line nutritional supplement program.
OSTEOPOROSIS: is a decrease in bone that
usually occurs in older individuals (more fre-
quently in women). The big push by the
"orthodox" doctors is for estrogen and fluoride
supplementation, yet these two compounds
alone do not solve the problem. In our per-
sonal experience osteoporosis is easy to pre-
vent and cure with proper supplementation of
stomach acid (HCl) and calcium. Do a pulse
test to identify any food allergens that might be
causing a celiac disease type change and
malabsorption syndromes. The symptoms of
osteoporosis are characterized by bone pain,
joint pain, "dowagers" hump and "spontane-
ous" fractures. Osteoporosis is the 12th most
frequent cause of death in adults (following
fractured hips, etc.).
Treatment of osteoporosis should include
betaine HCl and pancreatic enzymes at 75-200
mg t.i.d. 15 minutes before meals, calcium and
magnesium at 2,000 mg and 1 ,000 mg per day
(or more for the first 30 days). Estrogen may
be contraindicated because of the potential
carcinogenic effect (known to cause breast
and uterine cancer). Don't forget the plant
derived colloidal minerals that include cal-
cium, magnesium and boron.
OTITIS (earache): is an inflammation of the
inner parts of the ear (externa involves the
outside of the eardmm and the ear canal and
interna involves the inside of the eardmm and
the eustachian tube). The "orthodox" EENT
approach is to give antibiotic eardrops and
oral antibiotics in acute cases and to insert
"tubes" into the eardmm to relieve pain in
chronic cases. In reality, 95% of all otitis
(earaches) is the result of a milk allergy. Do a
pulse test before the eardrums are pierced and
weakened unnecessarily. Milk allergies will
cause a severe fever, painful earaches and
burst eardmms if not corrected.
Treatment of otitis should include the use of
hydrogen peroxide or mullein eardrops to
help relieve local inflammation, avoid cow's
milk in all forms and be sure to take the base
line nutritional supplement program. Aspirin
or tylenol may be necessaiy for pain relief.
Antibiotics are only justified when a Strepto-
coccal sore throat or internal otitis is cultured.
PAIN: is caused by any abnormal process that
changes the architecture of bone or soft tissue.
Repairing or conecting the disease process
will usually eliminate the pain without the
continued need for pain medication.
Treatment for pain necessarily must include
an aggressive correction of any underlying
disease process. Treatment of pain may in-
clude TENS (electronic pain masking), co-
deine, tylenol-3, aspirin with codeine, aspirin,
tylenol, DMSO, acupuncture, hydrotherapy,
chiropractic, and herbs including aconite
(Aconitum napellus), comfrey (Symphytum
officinale), chicory (Cichorium intybus) and
English mandrake (Tamus communis). Don't
forget plant derived colloidal minerals here.
PALPITATIONS (irregular heartbeat): can
be the result of organic heart disease (this is
easily determined by an EKG or ECG), food
allergies (i.e., Chinese Restaurant Syndrome
or allergy to MSG), nutritional deficiencies
(i.e., B-l, B-3, selenium, potassium, etc.) and/
or hypoglycemia.
Treatment ofpalpitations should include EDTA
chelation for cardio-vascular disease, IV hy-
drogen peroxide, avoid caffeine, avoid of-
fending food allergens, avoid sugar and pro-
cessed foods in all forms, vitamin B-l at 100
158
mg t.i.d., B-3 at 450 mg t.i.cl. as time release
tablets, vitamin C to bowel tolerance and base
line nutritional supplementation program;
herbs including English hawthorn (Crataegus
oxyacantha), lily-of-the-valley (Convallaria
mejalis), hops (Humulus lupulus), lavender
(Lavandula angustifolia), mother wort
(Leonuruscardiaca), valerian (Valeriana
officinalis) and foxglove (Digitalis purpurea).
PARASITES (worms): include a variety of
roundworms (i.e., ascaris, hookworms, pin-
worms and whipworms), tapeworms and
microscopic one cell organisms (i.e., amoeba,
flagellates). Symptoms of parasites include
diarrhea, abdominal pain, weight loss, anal
itching, weakness and B-12 deficiency (tape-
worm). Diagnosis of parasites includes a
microscopic fecal exam (see laboratory sec-
tion) for all intestinal parasites except for pin-
worms which require a scotch tape test (see
laboratory section).
Treatment for parasites includes garlic (Allium
sativum), peach (Pamus persica) and walnut
(Juglans nigra); with heavy infestations where
stronger medication is required Pyrantel
pamoate (roundworms), Niclosamide (tape-
worms) and Metronidazole (protozoa) should
be employed.
PARKINSONISM (shaking palsy): is caused
by a degeneration of the basal ganglia of the
brain; symptoms are relentlessly progressive
and include muscular rigidity, lack of pur-
poseful movement, tremor and "pill rolling"
tremors of the thumb and index finger. The
cause of true Parkinson's Disease is unknown,
however, there are numerous medications
that will cause Parkinsonism-like symptoms
(i.e., phenothiazines, haloperidol, reserpine)
as well as carbon monoxide poisoning and
excessive manganese supplementation.
Treatment of drug induced Parkinsonism
should include the elimination of the offend-
ing drug ("orthodox" neurologist will usually
recommend an additional dnig to deal with
the symptoms of the offending dmg), take
octacosanol at 300 mcg t.i.d., Neuro-Gen,
leucine lOgm/day, l-methionineat5gm/day,
essential fatty acids at one tbsp. b.i.d., 1-
tyrosine at 100 mg/day, dl-phenoalanine at
100mgt.i.d.,B-lat200mgt.i.d.,B-6atl00mg
t.i.d., betaine HC1 and pancreatic enzymes at
75-200 mg t.i.d. before meals, and the baseline
nutritional supplement program; the "ortho-
dox" neurologist treats with 1-Dopa and
carbidopa which aggravates and speeds up
the progress of Parkinson's Disease in a sig-
nificant number of cases and has no beneficial
effect in more than 50% of the cases.
PEPTIC ULCER (gastric ulcer): arethought
to be caused by stress, deficiency of "vitamin
U" and/or dyspepsia. Symptoms of peptic
ulcer include burning stomach pain, dyspepsia
and weight loss. "Coffee ground" stool indi-
cates that the ulcer is bleeding and that the
patient is in eminent danger of bleeding to
death. (GO TO A HOSPITAL IMMEDIATELY!)
Treatment of peptic ulcer should include al-
falfa (Medicago sativa) which is thought to be
the richest source of "vitamin U" at ten tablets
t.i.d. with meals, cabbage juice (Brassica
oleracea), flax (Linum usitatissimum), Ger-
man chamomile (Matricaria chamomilla) and
licorice (Glycyrrhiza glabra).
PERIODONTAL DISEASE (receding gums,
pyorrhea, gingivitis): is thought by "ortho-
dox" dentist to be caused by food particles
packing into the space between teeth and
between teeth and gums. In reality, all forms
of periodontal disease are the result of bone
loss under the gums which causes the gums to
recede and allow food to pack into the space
159
created. Again, this disease has been elimi-
nated by the veterinary profession as a result
of nutritional investigations for better health
and production of pet and farm animals. I
have not seen too many cows, horses, dogs
and cats (nor wolves, giraffe or elephants for
that matter) floss, brush their teeth or use
mouthwash with fluoride. The reason that this
simple concept has not been shared with the
public is money!!! Think about the toothpaste,
toothbrush and floss companies that get the
approval of the American Dental Association;
does it not seem odd that these same compa-
nies give large grants to the dental schools
(Sherlock Holmes, and maybe some union
stewards, would call this one a "sweetheart
deal!!!!"). This appears to be another case of
letting the fox "guard" the chicken house.
at bedtime, vitamin E at 800-1,200 IU/day, B-
complex at 50 mg each t.i.d., vitamin C to
bowel tolerance, copper at 2 gm per day,
essential fatty acids at 5 gm t.i.d., and herbs
including arnica (Arnica montana), comfrey
(Symphytumofficinale),rue(Rutagraveolens),
yellow sweet clover (Melilotus officinalis) and
cascara sagrada (Rhamnus purshianus).
PICA (craves dirt or paint): is a symptom of
one or more nutritional deficiencies. Adults
often crave ice, children eat dirt and/or paint
(the latter is extremely dangerous as many
paints contain lead or cadmium). A hair
analysis will be invaluable to determine the
patient's mineral status. Do a pulse test to
determine if a celiac disease type malabsorp-
tion problem exists.
Treatment of periodontal disease should in-
clude a correction of the dietaiy calcium/
phosphorus ratio (i.e., give up phosphate
containing soft drinks, reduce red meat con-
sumption, reduce phytate intake (raw vege-
tables), supplement calcium at 2,000 mg per
day and magnesium at 1,000 mg per day,
remember the base line nutrition supplement
program including plant derived colloidal
minerals, vitamin A at 300,000 IU per day as
beta carotene, vitamin C to bowel tolerance,
zinc at 50 mg t.i.d. , betaine HC1 and pancreatic
enzymes at 75-200 mg t.i.d. 15 minutes before
meals, avoid sugar; use herbal and hydrogen
peroxide mouthwashes and dental floss to
keep teeth clean.
PHLEBITIS (varicose veins): is most com-
mon in the hemorrhoidal veins and veins of
the legs. Constipation and static vertical posi-
tion are the primary causative factors.
Treatment of phlebitis should include con-
sumption of eight glasses of water, two heap-
ing tbsp. of nutritional fiber in a glass of water
Treatment for pica should include the base
line nutritional program including plant de-
rived colloidal minerals; EDTA chelation
therapy may be necessary if hair analysis
shows elevated levels of lead or cadmium.
PILES (hemorrhoids): see hemonhoids
PILONIDAL CYST: is a midline congenital
defect (zinc or vitamin A, folic acid deficiency)
in the sacral area. The pit often contains hair.
The tract is usually asymptomatic unless it
becomes plugged and becomes a cyst.
Treatment of the pilonidal cyst should include
a poultice of plantain (Plantago major), com-
frey (Symphytum officinale) orboricacidb.i.d.
until cyst opens up; on rare occasions surgical
opening of the cyst is required; local anesthe-
sia and a scalpel blade are all that is required
for this relatively minor surgery.
PIMPLES (acne): see acne
PREMENSTRUAL SYNDROME (PMS, hyste-
160
ria): has a long histoiy in "orthodox" medicine.
Historically the treatment was hysterectomy
(derived from hysteria) since removal of the
ovaries and uterus "cured" all of the cyclical
emotional symptoms leaving a precipitous
menopause which could be palliated with
estrogen. It is now known that deficiencies of
essential fatty acids in concert with the cyclical
hormone patterns of the women produce the
classical PMS picture of fragile emotions, irra-
tional behavior, mania, depression and debili-
tating pelvic "cramps."
Treatment of PMS includes 100 mg B-6 q 4 d,
essential fatty acids at 5 mg t.i.d., vitamin A at
300,000 IU per day as beta carotene during the
last 14 days of the cycle, vitamin E at 800-1,200
IU/day, calcium (especially plant derived col-
loidal sources) and herbs including mistletoe
(Viscum album), black cohosh (Cimicifuga
racemosa) and blue cohosh (Caulophyllus
thalictroides).
POISON IVY: causes a contact papular
dermatitis that produces a severe itch.
Treatment of poison ivy dermatitis includes
topical application ofCaladryl, aloe vera, poul-
tices of Solomon's seal (Polygonatum
multiflorum), golden seal (Hydrastis
canadensis) and plantain (Plantago major).
POOR CIRCULATION: can be caused by
cardiovascular disease, low thyroid and vita-
min E deficiency. Symptoms include cold
hands and feet and numb tingling fingers and
toes.
Treatment of poor circulation includes EDTA
chelation, hydrogen peroxide IV, vitamin C to
bowel tolerance, vitamin E at 800-1,200 IU/
day, massage, hydro-therapy, acupuncture
and herbs in-cluding ginkgo (Ginkgo biloba),
hawthorn (Crataegus oxyacantha), horsetail
(Equisetum arvense), lavender (Lavandula
angustifolia), lily-of-the-valley (Convallaria
majalis), rosemaiy (Rosmarinus officinalis),
scotch pine (Pinus sylvestris) and cayenne
pepper (Capsicum minimum).
POX (chicken pox): see chicken pox
POST PARTUM HEMORRHAGE: is the re-
sult of an atonic uterus that failed to contract
hard enough, long enough allowing the open
vessels to leak blood (on occasion a piece of
afterbirth will remain in the uterine lining and
is the source of the bleeding.
Treatment of post paitum hemorrhage should
include firm digital pressure on the fundus of
the uterus to stimulate contraction; the use of
ergot (Claviceps purpurea) orally at 10-20
minims or by injection will add sufficient con-
traction power.
PREGNANCY LABOR (labor): can be en
hanced by the use of herbs including rasp-
berry (Rubus idaeus) and blue cohosh
(Caulophyllum thalictroides).
PREGNANCY TOXEMIA (eclampsia): is
the result of low protein, low salt diets entered
into an attempt to prevent excess weight gain
in pregnancy. The first thoughts of restriction
of weight gain occurred at the turn of the
century when "orthodox" OB/GYN practitio-
ners learned that low birth weight babies
could be delivered faster and, thus, allow
more calls in one day.
Symptoms of preeclampsia include sudden
weight gain (because of fluid accumulation as
a result of low blood protein), high blood
pressure, albumi-nuria; eclampsia includes
the symp-toms of preeclampsia plus convul-
sions and/or coma; both preeclampsia and
eclampsia characteristically occur after the
20th week of pregnancy. The current "ortho-
161
dox" treatment is hospitalization.watch until
convulsions occur then give barbiturates.
Treatment of preeclampsia should include a
high animal protein meal plan (150 gm or
more whereas the RDA is 40 gm), do not
restrict salt, B-6 at 100 mg per day (drop to 50
mg per at parturition (birth) if you plan to
breast freed as high levels of B-6 will reduce
production of breast milk), base line nutri-
tional supplement program and 10-12 glasses
of water and/or juice per day, especially in
thewarm summer months.
Q FEVER: is an acute rickettsial disease caused
by Coxiella burnetii and characterized by sud-
den onset, fever, headache, weakness and
pneumonitis. Q fever has a worldwide distri-
bution and is maintained as an endemic infec-
tion in domestic animals. Sheep, goats and
cattle are the primary reservoirs for human
infections. The infection is spread tohumans
by bites from the infected tick, Dermacentor
andersoni and from consuming infected raw
milk. Diagnosis is made from a positive blood
test.
PROSTATE HYPERPLASIA (benign pros-
tate hyperplasia): see benign prostate
hyperplasia
PSORIASIS: is well known as a cosmetically
disfiguring dermatitis (i.e., "the heartbreak of
psoriasis"). Psoriasis is characterized by dry,
well demarcated silvery, scaling plaques of all
sizes that appear primarily behind joints (i.e.,
elbows and knees) and on the scalp and
behind the ears. Celiac disease type changes
in the intestines lead to malabsorption of
essential nutrients; do a pulse test to deter-
mine specific food allergens.
Treatment of psoriasis should include avoid-
ance of offending food allergens, rotation
diets, folic acid at 1 5-25 mg per day, vitamin A
at 300,000 IUper day as beta carotene, lecithin
at 2,500 mg t.i.d. with meals, flaxseed oil at one
tbsp. bid., vitamin E at 800-1 ,200 IU per day,
zinc at 50 mg t.i.d., copper at 2 mg per day,
selenium at 500-1,000 meg per day and be-
taine HC1 and pancreatic enzymes at 75-200
mg per day. Topical herbal washes are of
palliative value as is topical vitamin A & D
creams.
PYORRHEA (periodontal disease): see
periodontal disease
Treatment of Q fever should include tetracy-
cline orally at 250 mg q 4 h (Chloramphenicol
may be used in small children to prevent
discoloration of permanent teeth by tetracy-
cline).
QUINSY (peritonsillar abscess): is an in-
fection of the tonsil between the tonsil and the
pharyngeal constrictor muscle. These infec-
tions are rare in children but common in
young adults. The "orthodox" EENT will want
to do a tonsillectomy - DON'T LET HIM DO
IT!!! SAVE YOUR TONSILS!!!
Treatment should include vitamin A at 300,000
IUper day as beta carotene, zinc at 50 mg t.i.d.,
vitamin C to bowel tolerance, gargles with
herbal washes, penicillin G or V at 250 mg q 6
h for 12-14 days.
RABBIT FEVER (tularemia): is caused by
the bacteria, Francisella tularensis. This dis-
ease is contracted by skinning and dressing
infected rabbits or ground squirrels (87%); the
disease initially appears as a local ulceration at
the infection site; the disease secondarily goes
systemic causing a typhoid like disease with
diarrhea and pneumonia. High fever and
recurring chills with drenching sweat are char-
acteristic (I have had tularemia and my grand-
162
father died from it as a result of skinning
infected wild rabbits). Diagnosis comes fol-
lowing a high level of suspicion (appropriate
history of wild rabbit contact) and the ulcer-
ated primary ulcer at the infection site are
enough to make the diagnosis. Sputum cul-
tures are highly infectious and labs should be
warned of your suspicions.
Treatment of tularemia is with streptomycin
IM at 500 mg q 12 h until temperature drops
into the normal range; then give tetracycline
orally at 250 mg q.i.d. for 10-12 days.
RABIES (hydrophobia): is a highly danger-
ous viral disease that is transmitted by the
blood, tissue (transplanted corneas, livers,
kidneys or hearts), urine or saliva of infected
animals or people. We are all aware of the
dangers ofbits from rabies infected bats, foxes,
skunks and unvaccinated dogs but most of us
are not aware that many cases of fatal rabies
occurs following tissue transplants. Rabies in
humans is a progressive paralytic disease that
is often misdiagnosed as stroke which is why
rabies infected tissues get trans-planted. Many
Americans spend over a hundred dollars to
visit the "orthodox" doctor when their child
gets bitten by the pet hamster because of fears
of rabies -think about it, the incubation pe-
riod ofrabies is fourteen days - if you have had
the hamster for three weeks or more rabies is
an impossible diagnosis (a free phone call to
your veterinarian would be informational and
save you a lot of money). High risk research
personnel can get preventative vaccinations
for rabies.
Treatment of rabies should be insti-
tuted quickly if success can be anticipated;
treatment includes the well known "rabies
shots" every day for ten days and respiratory
support in a hospital setting.
RACHITIC ROSARY (rickets): is the "bead
ing" of the junction between the ribs and the
rib cartilage. This is exclusively a malady of
small children who are kept indoors and are
not getting an oral source of vitamin D. The
rachitic "rosary" is easilypalpated.
Treatment of the rachitic "rosary" should in-
clude oral vitamin D at 400-1,000 IU per day
and the base line nutritional supplement pro-
gram including calcium and magnesium. Af-
ter the abnormal bony changes become nor-
mal, the vitamin D dose should be dropped to
250-400 IU per day; afford daily exposure to
sun for at least 30 minutes.
RADIAL NERVE PALSY ("Saturday night
palsy): is the result of compressing the radial
nerve against the humerus (this is usually
caused by draping the arm over the back of a
hard-backed chair for an extended period -
i.e., dmnken stupor or deep sleep). Radial
nerve palsy is charac-terized by a wrist "drop"
and weak-ness in the ability to extend the wrist
and fingers; sometimes there is a loss of sen-
sory function between the first and second
fingers.
Treatment of radial palsy should include B-
complex 50 t.i.d., topical DMSO, acupuncture
and hydrotherapy.
RAPE (date rape): is considered by experts
to be an act of aggression rather than sexual,
however, "date rape" is the result of pent up
sexual demands made on a relatively helpless
"friend." "Date rape" can be pre-vented by not
going out on couples only dates until the
"date" is well known. Group movies, pizza
parties and bunking parties are very safe. Go
in groups oftwo or more couples and have the
girls dropped off first to the same house or
apartment (even better to one of their parents'
houses). Prevention of rape requires some
163
extreme action if you are to be effective: 1)
knee violently to testicles; 2) mace to the eyes,
noseand mouth; 3) keys violently in the eyes;
4) seriously learn marshall arts - the "military"
bearing acquired sends subliminal messages
to leave you alone; 5) get a trained attack dog
for jogging, walking and at home; a vicious
dog bite to the testicles is a real clamper to a
rapist; 6) arrange for an apartment "sitter" to be
there when you return home; 7) personal
weapon that you are prepared to use -this
requires practice, practice and more practice
and the mind set that you will kill an attacker
— pick a small caliber handgun that you are not
afraid of and empty the weapon into an at-
tacker; this will prevent him from grabbing it
from you and using it against you!!! Cany your
weapon with you at all times- "praise the Lord
and pass the ammunition!!!!!!"
"Treatment" for rape should include an IM
injection of dimethyl stilbestrol to initiate a
menstmal cycle thus preventing an unwanted
pregnancy; counseling may be necessary for
women psychologically brutalized; support
of friends and lots of positive activity are the
best emotional therapy.
RAYNAUD'S DISEASE: is characterized by
tingling and numbness in the fingers (and
sometimes the nose and tongue) which is
caused by spasms of small arteries. The "or-
thodox" approach to Raynaud's disease is to
cut sympathetic nerves and give anesthetics
and tranquilizers. Food allergies can be the
precipitating factor in Raynaud's disease when
arteries are the target tissue; do a pulse test to
determine if food allergens are a problem.
Rule out "thoracic inlet syndrome" (nerves or
arteries coming out of the thorax are squeezed
by muscles or bones).
Treatment of Raynaud's disease should in-
clude calcium and magnesium at2,000 mg per
day and 1,000 mg per day, avoid offending
food allergens, avoid caffeine (i.e. , coffee, tea,
soft drinks, chocolate, etc.), vitamin E at 800-
1,200 IU per day, essential fatty acids at 5 gm
t.i.d., 1-tryptophane at 500 mg t.i.d., acupunc-
ture, chiropractic and herbs to increase circu-
lation such as cayenne pepper (Capsicum
minimum).
RECTAL ITCHING: can be caused by
Candidiasis, food allergies, hemonhoids, crabs,
fleas and pinworms. Do a pulse test to rule in
or rule out food allergies, take the self test,
blood test or skin test to determine Candidiasis.
The diagnosis ofpinworms requires the Scotch
tape test to identify the parasite eggs. The
presence of fleas and/or hemorrhoids will
require the use of a mirror for self examination
of the anal folds.
Treatment of rectal itching can be palliated
with a variety of herbal washes (see hemor-
rhoids), Preparation H, sitz baths with herbal
washes and/or hydrogen peroxide, specific
treatments for parasites.
REYE'S SYNDROME: occurs most frequently
in young teens and usually in the fall and
winter. Reye's syndrome is characterized by
pneumonitis, nausea and vomiting, sudden
change in mental status to deep depression,
amnesia, agitation to coma and convulsions,
fixed dilated pupils and death in 42-80%. The
cause of Reye's syndrome is thought to be
caused by consumption of aflatoxin (an exo-
toxin of the grain mold Aspergillus flavus). A
typical liver necrosis is present on biopsy;
survivors show a 100% recovery of the liver
tissue in twelve weeks after the attack.
Treatment of Reye's syndrome include barbi-
turate anesthesia to lower intracranial pres-
sure, IV fluids andelectrolytes, pulmonary
support, exchange transfusions and dialysis.
164
Vitamin C IV at 5-10 gms per day, B-complex
and B-12 IV or IM, selenium IM or IV at 250-
500 meg per day.
RHEUMATIC FEVER: is caused by Strepto-
coccus Group A infection (usually starts as a
"strep throat"). Rheumatic fever is character-
ized by arthritis, skin rash, fever, heart valve
inflammation and brain signs (chorea). The
residual valve damage is the most dangerous
aspect of untreated rheumatic fever. Diagno-
sis of rheumatic fever is made from the typical
symptoms and concurrent positive cultures of
Streptococcus Group A.
Treatment of rheumatic fever early in the
course of the disease will prevent the heart
damage. Treatment should include aspirin for
joint pain and sulfadiazine orally at 500-1,000
mg/day for 1 -2 years or penicillin G or V orally
at 250,000 u. b.i.d. for two years.
RHEUMATISM (rheumatoid arthritis): is
thought by "orthodox" rheumatologist to be a
disease of the immune system; in reality, rheu-
matoid arthritis is caused initially by an infec-
tion by a PPLO (pleuro-pneumonia like or-
gan-ism) or Mycoplasma that characteristi-
cally causes an upper respiratory infection
and pneumonitis. These or-ganisms second-
arily attack the joint membranes of the fingers
and toes and later, the larger joints of the
shoulders and knees. This disease has been
recognized and eliminated in the veterinary
industry - again the human population has
been left out because the truth would elimi-
nate an entire medical specialty (remember
the quote by the famous Dr. Arthur F. Coca -
"I am a realist, as long as the profit is in the
treatment of symptoms rather than in the
search for causes; that's where the medical
profession will go for it's harvest.").
Diagnosis of rheumatoid arthritis is made
biopsy of the joint membrane, x ray, blood test
(elevated SED RATE, positive for RF), and
physical examination. The "orthodox" treat-
ment is totally aimed at relieving symptoms
(i.e., aspirin, gold shots, steroids); they claim
great victoiy but statistics show that 75% ofthe
rheumatoid arthritis patients improve in the
first year without any treatment at all (up to
10% are disfigured and disabled despite "he-
roic" "orthodox" therapy).
Treatment of rheumatoid arthritis should in-
clude specific treatment for Mycoplasma
(PPLO) (i.e., Tylosin, tetracyclines, etc.), for
six months to one year, IV and/or oral hydro-
gen peroxide, chelation, acupuncture,
enterically coated bromeliad at 40 mg q.i.d.,
autoimmune urine therapy, DMSO, 1-histi-
dine at 1,000 mg t.i.d., essential fatty acids at 5
gm t.i.d., calcium and magnesium at 2,000 mg
and 1,000 mg per day, selenium at 500-1,000
meg per day, copper at 2-4 mg per day, B-6 at
100 mg t.i.d., catilage at 5 gm t.i.d., acu-punc-
ture, hydrotherapy and herbs to include topi-
cal camphor (Cinnamonumcamphora), black
mustard (Brassica nigra), dandelion (Taraxa-
cum officinale), grappie (Harpagophytum
procumbens), juniper (Juniperus communis),
stinging nettle (Urtica dioica) and sweat vernal
grass (Anthoxanthum odoratum). Plant de-
rived colloidal minerals have proved great
benifit here.
RICKETS: is caused by a deficiency of vita-
min D and is characterized by stunted growth,
joint pain and de-formed long bones (i.e.,
bow legs, dropped wristed, "sickle shins,"
barrel chest, rachitic rosary, etc.).
Treatment ofrickets includes supple-mentation
with vitamin D at 400 IUorally, calcium and
magnesium at 2,000 mg and 1 ,000 mg per day,
and exposure to sunshine for 30 minutes per
day. Advanced cases will require orthotic
conection and, in some cases, orthopedic
165
surgery.
RINGWORM: is caused by fungi that invades
the skin, nails and hair; the skin lesions tend to
be circular thus the name "ringworm." The
organisms most frequently isolated are Micro-
spomm (Tinea capitis), Trichophyton (Tinea
cairis or jock itch). Cats, rabbits and children
are the most common source of infection.
Diagnosis is made by seeing the characteristic
lesions, culture of the fungi and positive to
Woods lamp (lesions of Microsporum will
fluoresce a bright pastel green).
Treatment of ringworm should include
Griseofulvin orally at 250 mg q.i.d. for four
months, vitamin A at 25,000-300,000 IU/day as
beta carotene, zinc at 50 mg t.i.d., vitamin E at
800-1,200 IU/day, ultra violet light directly to
lesion for up to six minutes per day, and herbs
topically including plantain (Plantgo major)
and castor oil (Ricinus communis).
ROCKYMOUNTAINSPOTTED FEVER (tick
fever): is caused by a rickettsia (Rickettsia
rickettsii) which is transmitted to man by the
bite of an infected tick (i.e., the wood tick,
Dermacentor andersoni, the dog tick,
Dermacentor variabilis, and the lone-star tick,
Amblyomma americanum). Rocky Mountain
Spotted Fever occurs May through October
during the tick season and affects small chil-
dren who have access to heavily wooded
areas directly or indirectly via the family dog
who brings home the infected ticks; 90% ofthe
reported cases occur along the Eastern sea-
board and only 10% occur in adult hunters
from themountain areas. The symptoms of
RMSF follow 7-12 days after a tick bite and are
characterized by headaches, chills, weakness,
muscle pain, fever, dry cough, skin rash on
wrists, ankles, palms, soles and forearms at
first then spreads to the neck, face, axilla,
buttocks and trunk; liver enlargement and
pneumonitis with terminal circulatory failure
in untreated cases. DO NOT WAIT FOR A
POSITIVE BLOOD TEST BEFORE INSTITUT-
ING TREATMENT AS DEATH MAY OCCUR
AS QUICKLY AS 4-10 DAYS AFTER APPEAR-
ANCE OF SYMPTOMS.
Treatment of RMSF should include tetracy-
cline at 500 mg q.i.d. orally or IV if the patient
can't swallow capsules. Supportive treatment
with rv fluids and electrolytes is essential to
rapid and full recovery.
ROSEOLA: is an acute viral disease of infants
and toddlers and is characterized by high fever
(up to 105 F) and a rash that predominates on
the belly and chest and lightly on the face and
limbs. Convulsions may occur during the high
fever periods. After 3-4 days, the child will feel
completely well even though the rash
persists.The course of the disease and distri-
bution of the rash are diagnostic.
Treatment of roseola is directed to reducing
the fever sufficiently to prevent convulsions
and topical poultices on the rash (see measles).
SCABIES (itch): is caused by an almost
microscopic "mite" (Sarcoptes scabiei) that
burrows into the skin. This mite is very conta-
gious from person to person. The original
infestation usually comes from an infected
animal or contaminated animal bedding.
Treatment of scabies includes total body ap-
plication of 1% gamma benzene hexachlo-
ride, 25% benzyl benzoate cream in adults and
5-10% sulfur ointment in infants to avoid po-
tential neurotoxicity; poke (Phytolacca
decandra) may be used topically as a natural
alternative.
SCARLATINA (scarlet fever): is caused by
a Streptococcus Group A throat infection. The
166
organism releases a toxin that produces a rash
that is most common on the belly, sides and
skin folds and a red pulpy "strawberry" tongue.
Fever in the early stages is common; before
the advent of antibiotics, deadly epidemics of
scarlatina swept through the young popula-
tions. Aggressive treatment is recommended
to prevent death or rheumatic fever from
developing. Diagnosis is made from the char-
acteristic lesions and positive throat cultures
of Streptococcus Group A.
Treatment of scarlatina is oral peni-cillin V at
250 mg q.i.d. for 10-14 days.
SCHIZOPHRENIA("split" personality): see
bi-polar brain disease.
SCIATICA (low back pain radiating down
buttocks and legs): can be caused by
"subluxations" of lumbar vertebrae, thinning
of lumbar inter-vertebral disc, thick wallet in
one back pocket; in its most severe form
sciatica may be the result of a ruptured inter-
vertebral disc.
Treatment of sciatica should include hydro-
therapy, chiropractic, acupuncture, inversion-
gravity therapy, calcium and magnesium at
2,000 mg per day and 1, 000 mgperday and the
baseline nutritional supplement program to
include plant derived colloidal minerals .
SCOLIOSIS (curvature of the spine): oc-
curs in preteens and teens (80% in girls) during
the rapid growth stages. The patient should be
examined bending over facing away from the
examiner; the spine is viewed for lateral devia-
tions. Scoliosis may be a benign disease or
herald the early stages of muscular dystrophy
(MD). Scoliosis is basically caused by one set
of the spinal muscles being stronger than the
other (i.e., right side stronger than the left)
which causes an "S" curve in the spine; these
changes are the result of muscle degenera-
tion. Prevention of scoliosis comes with reli-
gious consumption of the base line nutritional
supplement program. Celiac disease type
intestinal damage may be the cause of malab-
sorption syndromes leading to scoliosis.
Treatment of scoliosis in the early stages will
result in a complete cure; failure to aggres-
sively take supplements will result in persis-
tent damage requiring back braces and sur-
gery. Treatment should include avoidance of
offending food allergens, vitamin E at 800-
1,200 IU per day, selenium at 500-1,000 meg
per day, calcium and magnesium at 2,000 mg
and 1 ,000 mg per day and the base line supple-
ment program to include plant derived colloi-
dal minerals. Chiropractic can be very useful
in relieving back muscle spasms associated
with scoliosis.
SCURVY (bleeding gums): is caused by a
vitamin C deficiency: scurvy may occur con-
currently with gingivitis (see periodontitis).
Treatment of scurvy should include vitamin C
to bowel tolerance, increase green leafy veg-
etables and fruit intake, and herbs including
dog rose (Rosa canina).
SEBACEOUS CYST (Wen,steatoma): are
slow growing benign cystic cutaneous "tu-
mors;" they contain sebaceous material and
are frequently found on the scalp (Wen), ears,
back or scrotum. The cyst ranges in size from
a pea to a golf ball, is firm (like a soft shell egg)
and painless.
Treatment of a sebaceous cyst includes a
"stab" incision at the lowest edge of the cyst;
evacuate the contents; flush with hydrogen
peroxide. Large cysts require removal of the
cyst wall to prevent refilling of the cyst; place
a sterile gauze drain in the empty cyst and
167
gradually remove over a period of 7-10 days.
SEBORRHEIC DERMATIS (dandruff): is a
scaling dermatitis of the scalp and face; the
composition and amount of sebum are nor-
mal. Celiac disease type intestinal lesions can
be the cause of a malabsorption syndrome.
Treatment of seborrheic dermatitis should in-
clude biotin at 100 mcgt.i.d.,folicacidat 15-25
mg per day, B-6 at 100 mg t.i.d., vitamin E at
800-1,200 mg IU per day, essential fatty acids
at 5 gm t.i.d., vitamin A at 300,000 IU per day
as beta carotene, zinc at 50 mg t.i.d. and Selson
Blue shampoo topically.
SENILE DEMENTIA (senility): see memory
loss
SEXUALLY TRANSMITTED DISEASES: in-
clude gonorrhea, syphilis, AIDS, Heipes II,
warts, etc. SEE EACH DISEASE INDIVIDU-
ALLY. Use condoms, select sexual partners
with great care - a mistake can cost you your
life!!!
SHARK SKIN (keratosis): is caused by a
deficiency of vitamin A and zinc (usually as a
result of low animal protein diets). Shark skin
is characterized by cracks in the corners of the
mouth (cheilosis), oral lesions that are often
secondarily infected by Candida albicans (per-
leche), "geographic" tongue and skin lesions
characterized by hard granular plugs resulting
from collections of sebaceous and keratinized
material in hair follicles which gives a sandpa-
per - like surface (shark skin).
Treatment of shark skin and related skin prob-
lems should include B-complex at 50 mg t.i.d.
and skin washes for dermatitis (see dermatitis),
vitamin A at 300,000 IU per day as beta caro-
tene, zinc at 50 mg t.i.d. and essential fatty
acids at 5 gm t.i.d.
SHEMGLES (herpes zoster): is a chronic
viral infection with the chicken pox virus. The
symptoms include a very painful skin lesion
("shingles").
Treatment of shingles should include
Lsoprinosin at 500-1,500 mg per day and
Dermese at 1 q.i.d. and American sarsaparilla
(Aralia nudicaulis) as a wash or poultice.
SKEV AILMENTS (dermatitis): are caused
by a variety of diseases (see dermatitis).
Treatment of skin disease should include spe-
cific treatment for the underlying problem,
homeopathy, essential fatty acids at 5 gm t.i.d.,
vitamin A at 300,000 IU per day as beta caro-
tene, zinc at 50 gm t.i.d., essential fatty acids at
5 gm t.i.d., and herbs including horsetail (Eq-
uisetumarvense), pansy (Viola tricolor), Quack
grass (Agropyron repens), soap wort
(Saponaria officinalis), stinging nettle (Urtica
dioica), slippery elm (Ulmus fulva) and globe
mallow (Sphaeralcea spp.).
SORE THROAT: can be caused by a variety
of viral and bacterial diseases; bacterial dis-
eases (i.e., Streptococcus Group A) tend to
exhibit a higher fever than sore throats caused
by viral disease (i.e., URI, cold viruses, flu,
etc.).
Treatment of sore throats should include anti-
biotics as necessary for chronic Strep throat
and herbs including flax (Linum usitatissimum),
garden sage (Salvia officinalis), German cha-
momile (Matricaria chamomilla), marjoram
(Origanum vulgare), marsh-mallow (Althaea
officinalis), rosemary (Rosmarinus officinalis),
eucalyptus (Eucalyptus globulus), myrtle
(Myrica cerifera) and lobelia (Lobelia inflata).
SPRAIN: is characterized by a painful stretch-
168
ing of ligaments of the joints; these traumas
can be temporarily debilitating and locally
painful. Sprains are caused by lifting, sudden
stops or turns and/or trauma.
Treatment of sprains include ice to reduce
swelling as immediate first aid, wrap with an
Ace bandage for support; fingers may be
taped to the adjoining fingers for added sup-
port; take cartilage at 5 gm t.i.d., betaine HC1
and pancreatic enzymes at 75-200 mg t.i.d. in
between meals; DMSO topically, pain gels
topically, and herbs including arnica (Arnica
montana) and comfrey (Symphytum
officinale).
SPIDER BITE: produces swelling, local fever
and itching; brown recluse spider bites pro-
duce ulceration and require surgical removal.
Treatment for spider bites should include soak-
ing bite wound in a bath prepared from 8-10
sunflowers
(Helianthus annus) soaked for 30 minutes.
STRAINS: are more severe than sprains and
are characterized by torn ligaments and torn
joint capsule with bleeding and swelling. A
veiy painful joint trauma; emergency treat-
ment should include ice to reduce swelling;
strains frequently require a cast similar to that
used for a fracture to immobilize and rest the
injured joint.
Treatment ofstrains should include ice, DMSO,
pain gels, betaine HCl and pancreatic en-
zymes at 75-200 mg t.i.d. between meals and
herbs including arnica (Arnica montana), com-
frey (Symphytum officinale) and lavender
(Lavandula spp.). A cast and crutches are
appropriate to provide support and rest.
STOMACH DISORDERS: see dyspepsia
STRESS: is the body's reaction to stressors
(i.e., overwork, money problems, marriage
problems, etc.). The adrenals in particular
suffer from stress resulting in a lowering of the
immune systems ability to protect you from
infection, cancer, and disturbs the function of
your entire endocrine system including en-
ergy management (i.e., blood sugar, blood
pressure, thyroid, etc.).
Treatment of stress should include relaxation,
subliminal distress audio tapes, sublingual
ACE drops at 5-10 drops t.i.d., vitamin C to
bowel tolerance, zinc at 50 mg t.i.d., learn to
compartmentalize time expenditure, have 20
projects (a combination of work, family and
hobbies - remember the old saying "about
giving the project to the busiest person if you
want it done."
STROKE (cerebrovascular accident, CVA):
is the result of a blood clot or tumor blocking
an artery supplying the brain. The result is
local brain tissue death from the lack of oxy-
gen and food. If the damaged area is small
enough and not in a vital area the brain will
reroute the brain's functions to unused por-
tions through a relearning and compensation
process.
Treatment of stroke should include EDTA
chelation and IV hydrogen peroxide as soon
as possible, essential fatty acids at 5 gm t.i.d.,
exercise and the base line nutritional supple-
ment program to include plant derived colloi-
dal minerals.
SWEAT TEST: a nonspecific test that mea-
sures the amount of electrolytes (i.e., sodium,
chlorides and potassium) in sweat; originally
it was to be a specific genetic test for cystic
fibrosis (CF); however, today it has teen found
to be positive in 17 different diseases, food
169
allergies.starvation, kwashiorkor, celiac dis-
ease, etc. The mechanism is related to essen-
tial fatty acid deficiencies and thus the lack of
certain prostaglandins (short lived hormone -
- like substances) which control sweat electro-
lyte levels.
SWIMMERS EAR: is usually caused by Can-
dida albicans growing in the external ear
canal; constant dampness during the summer
swimming season is thought to be the under-
lying cause
Treatment for swimmers ear include hydro-
gen peroxide ear drops and/or Nystatin ear
drops.
SYPHILIS: is a sexually transmitted disease
caused by the spirochete Treponema palli-
dum; it has been associated with 90% of AIDS
patients in one study of homosexual
males. Syphilis is characterized by active infec-
tion and by years of spontaneous remission.
Symptoms of syphilis include a primary lesion
or chancre sore that may persist for 3-4 months
on the penis, vulva, lips, tongue, etc.; skin
rashes appear after 3-4 months and last for
weeks to months; 80% of infected people
have herpes-like sores on lips, tongue, penis
or vulva; the disease may infect any organ
including liver, bone, brain, eyes, heart, etc.
Terminal stages of tertiary syphilis occurs 10-
25 years after the original infection. Diagnosis
is made from a positive blood VDRL test.
Treatment for syphilis is specific in all stages
with penicillin G at 2.4 million u IM with a
second treatment 10-14 days later. Like AIDS,
syphilis is a reportable disease to the Public
Health Service.
TACHYCARDIA (rapid heartbeat): is char-
acterized by rapid heartbeat; tachycardia can
be caused by "nervous heart," hyperthyroidism,
food allergies, hypoglycemia, nutritional defi-
ciencies (i.e., B-l,B-3, selenium, etc.), poisons
and organic heart disease. A classic example
is allergy to MSG or "Chinese Restaurant Syn-
drome."
Treatment of tachycardia should include the
identification and treatment of the underlying
cause (see labora-tory and diagnostic section;
acu-puncture, selenium at 500-1,000 meg per
day, B-l at 100 mg t.i.d., B-3 at 450 mg t.i.d. as
time release tablets, subliminal relaxation tapes
and herbs including English hawthorn
(Crataegus oxyacantha), hops (Humulus
lupulus), lavender (Lavandula angustifolia),
mother wort (Leonurus cardiaca), valerian
(Valeriana officinalis) and lily-of-the-valley
(Convallariana magalis).
TAPEWORMS (cestodes): can setup house-
keeping in your intestines without causing
any noticeable problem in a well nourished
person and can cause wasting weight loss and
anemia. Tapeworms are contracted by eating
contaminated watercress, raw fish, raw beef
or raw pork. The encysted larvae are released
into the digestive tract and attach to the intes-
tinal wall by suckers or hooks in their head.
Diagnosis of tapeworms may be made by
seeing segments on the surface of the bowel
movement (look like grains of rice that are
moving), or observing eggs in micro-scopic
examination of the stool (see parasites in
laboratory section). Prevention of tapeworms
is related to cooking fish and meat before
consumption and thoroughly washing veg-
etables.
Treatment of tapeworms requires the use of a
single dose of niclosamide at 2 gm taken with
a glass of water. Recheck stool in 3-6 months
for rein-festation. Retreat if needed. Herbs
may be helpful including garlic (Allium
sativum) and male fern (Dryopteris Felix-mas);
170
pretreating herbal remedies for tapeworms
with a teaspoon of castor oil in the morning
before treatment increases the efficiency.
TARDIVE DYSKINESIA (spasms of facial
muscles): is on the increase as a side effect of
heavy tranquilizer (phenothiazines) usage.
Treatment of tardive dyskinesia should in-
clude the discontinuation ofthe inducing drugs,
B-3 at 450 mg t.i.d. as time release tablets,
phosphatidyl choline at 30 gm per day, B-6 at
200 mgq.i.d., essential fatty acids at 5 gm t.i.d.,
manganese at 10-15 mg per day, vitamin E at
800-1,200 IU per day.
TEETH DISCOLORATION (tetracyclines):
with reduced enamel thickness is a common
side effect of prolonged administration of
tetracyclines during the second half of preg-
nancy or during early tooth development; the
affected teeth will be brown or gray and
fluorescent orange-green in ultra-violet light.
Prevention is the name of the game; cosmetic
capping is necessary if permanent teeth are
affected.
TEETHING: can be an uncomfortable event
for infant and parents with painful local swell-
ings, sudden fever, irritability and dianhea
(especially irritating with severe diaper rash).
Treatment of teething includes tylenol or aspi-
rin drops (follow label directions) and herbs
including German chamomile (Matricaria
chamomilla) as teaspoon doses as needed.
TESTICULAR ATROPHY: is not uncommon
in aging men or following an episode of
mumps. Testicular atrophy may result in
decreased sexual drive and feminization.
Treatment of testicular atrophy should in-
clude zinc at 50 mg t.i.d., plant derived colloi-
dal minerals, an herbal combination mixed
with testosterone (Zumba), ginseng (Panax
ginseng) and saw palmetto (Sarenoa serrulata).
THALIJUM POISONING (rat or insect
baits): can accidentally occur when small
children get into pesticides containing thal-
lium salts. Thallium poisoning can be rapidly
fatal if not treated promptly. Symptoms in-
clude bloody vomiting and diarrhea, oral irri-
tations with severe salivation, tremors, facial
palsy and hair loss in 3-4 weeks in survivors.
Treatment for thallium poisoning should in-
clude contact with poison control centers;
syrup of ipecac to induce vomiting at 15-30 ml
(1-2 tbsp.) for children and adults; follow with
several pints of water until vomiting occurs,
one tbsp. activated charcoal in a glass of water,
control convulsions diazepam. Chelation
therapy is of no value for thallium poisoning.
THRUSH (oral candidiasis): is an oral yeast
infection caused by Candida albicans; thrush
is characterized by creamy white patches that
can be scrapped off with a tongue depressor.
Candida albicans is an ubiquitous
nonpathogenic yeast under normal circum-
stances which becomes pathogenic and in-
vades tissue when the hosts ability to defend
itself is lost (i.e., malnutrition, chemotherapy,
AIDS, etc.) or the competing intestinal organ-
isms are killed out (i.e., antibiotic therapy,
etc.). Diagnosis can be made from the charac-
teristic lesions or by looking at the exudate
under the microscope.
Treatment of thrush includes the use of oral
washes and gargling with hydrogen peroxide;
small infants unable to gargle may have to
have topical Nystatin applied to the lesions.
The underlying condition must also be dealt
with to allow you to defend yourself against
reinfection. Vitamin C to bowel tolerance,
selenium at 25-1,000 meg per day, vitamin E at
171
800-1,200 IU per day, vitamin A at 25,000-
300,000 IU per day as beta carotene and zinc
at 50 mg t.i.d. are of great value in restoring the
immune status. Following extended antibiotic
therapy (i.e., acne, rheumatic fever, cystic
fibrosis, etc.) you can restore the competitive
organisms into the towel (to help keep yeast
numbers down) by the use of Lactobacillus
acidophilus; administer Lactobacillus at
tencapsules twice each day between meals for
ten days each month to restore normal colon
count.
TINNITUS (ringing or buzzing in the ear):
is characterized by a ringing or buzzing in the
ear. "Orthodox" doctors suggest that "surgery
is of no value; if you can't tolerate the ringing,
play background music." In reality, there are
a variety of causes of tinnitus including lead,
aluminum and mercury toxicity, nutritional
deficiencies, food allergies and/or
hypoglycemia. Do the necessary laboratory
work to make a specific diagnosis including
the pulse test, six-hour GTT and hair analysis.
Take the base line nutritional program.
Treatment of tinnitus should include the treat-
ment of the underlying disease, avoid offend-
ing food allergens, autoimmune urine therapy,
avoid sugar and all refined foods, zinc at 50 mg
t.i.d., tin from plant derived colloidal minerals,
essential fatty acids at 5 gm t.i.d., vitamin A at
300,000 IU per day as beta carotene, calcium
and magnesium at 2,000 and 1 ,000 mg per day
and betaine HCl and pancreatic enzymes at
75-200 mg t.i.d. 15 minutes before meals.
TIREDNESS (chronic fatigue syndrome):
see chronic fatigue syndrome
TONSILLITIS: is characterized by an in-
flamed sore throat caused by viruses or Strep-
tococcus organisms.
Treatment of tonsillitis should include hydro-
gen peroxide mouthwash and gargle, vitamin
C to bowel tolerance, vitamin C at 25,000-
300,000 IU per day as beta carotene, zinc at 50
mg t.i.d., selenium at 25-1,000 meg per day,
herbs to include green hellebore (Verataim
viride), marshmallow (Althaea
officinalis), flaxseed (Linum usitatissimum),
German chamomile (Matricaria chamomilla),
marjoram (Origanum vulgare) garden sage
(Salvia officinalis).
TOOTHACHE: is usually caused by cavities
(caries) that are stimulated to pain by sweets,
cold or hot drinks.
Treatment of caries and toothache should
include filling of the tooth with enamel amal-
gams, avoid stimuli that initiates pain, acu-
puncture and herbs to include penny royal
(Mentha pulegium), lavender (Lavandula
spp.), gelsemium (Gelsemium nitidum), as
necessary OTCanalgesics(i.e., aspirin, tylenol,
tylenol-3).
SPASMODIC TORTICOLLIS (wryneck): is
caused by spasms of the neck muscles and/or
"subluxations" of the cervical vertebrae.
Torticollis may be caused by "whiplash" inju-
ries, calcium deficiencies and/or muscular
dystrophy.
Treatment of torticollis should include
chiropractic, massage therapy, hydro-therapy,
acupuncture, calcium and magnesium at 2,000
and 1,000 mg per day,selenium at 500-1,000
meg per day and vitamin E at 800-1 ,200 IU per
day.
TOXICSHOCKSYNDROME(TSS): iscaused
by an exotoxin produced by a Staphylococcus
organism; the exotoxin is similar if not identi-
cal to that which is produced by Staph food
poisoning. Approximately 15% of those af-
172
fected are men; the remainder are young
women between 13-32 years of age. The
syndrome is precipitated by improper use of
vaginal tampons (use of a single tampon for
longer than four hours produces an ideal
environment for Staphylococcus growth. TSS
is characterized by high fever, sudden onset,
vomiting,dianhea, confusion, skin rash, head-
ache, sore throat with rapid deterioration and
death within 48 hours. Prevention is the best
policy with TSS; avoid prolonged use of indi-
vidual tampons and avoid food poisoning by
proper food handling.
Treatment of toxic shock syndrome is a medi-
cal emergency requiring rapid emergency
room care - DO NOT LET THEM MAKE YOU
WAIT IN THE HALL. Treatment should in-
clude IV fluids and electrolytes, as well as
penicillin to kill the Staphylococcus.
TOXOPLASMOSIS (cat coccidia): is caused
by an intermediate stage of a house cat intes-
tinal protozoa (Isospora bigemina); the inter-
mediate stage in humans was originally named
Toxoplasma gondii and die "orthodox" doc-
tors refuse to admit that it is a cat parasite.
"Toxoplasmosis" in man is characterized by a
generalized and/or a brain disease;
toxoplasmosis is acquired in man from inhal-
ing or swallowing dust from contaminated
"kitty litter" boxes or outdoor sand piles or
from eating rare beef. "Toxoplasmosis" is of
particular danger to pregnant women as infec-
tion will cause birth defects in the fetus (i.e.,
brain defects, blindness, mental retardation);
symptoms in adults can mimic the flu, cause
headache, rash, high fever, swollen lymph
nodes, meningitis, hepatitis, pneumonitis,
myocarditis, blindness and diarrhea.
Diagnosis of "toxoplasmosis" is made from a
positive blood test or skin test following a high
level of suspicion.
Prevention of "toxoplasmosis" in pregnant
women is related to avoiding cats just prior to,
and during, pregnancy (i.e., move cat to
grandma's house temporarily) and eating well
cooked meats.
Treatment of "toxoplasmosis" should include
trisulfapyrimidine orally at 25 mg (1 mg/kg for
kids) daily for four weeks.
TRIGLYCERIDES (ELEVATED): can be a
sign of diatetes as well as liver problems. Do
a six-hour GTT and a full blood chemistry.
Elevated triglycerides is a high risk factor for
cardiovascular disease and stroke. Do a pulse
test to determine if food allergies are involved.
Treatment of elevated triglycerides should
include moderate exercise (walking), avoid-
ance of sugar, avoidance of refined
foods.essential fatty acids at 5 gm t.i.d., high
fiber and raw foods diet, eliminate red meat,
chromium at 100-200 meg t.i.d., selenium at
500- 1 ,000 meg per day, plant derived colloidal
minerals, vitamin C to bowel tolerance and die
base line nutritional supplement program.
ULCER (stomach): is usually brought on by
decompensation from chronic stress (your
adrenals give out). Prevention ofulcers should
include distress systems (i.e., hobby, projects,
exercise, etc.).
Treatment of gastric ulcers should include
alfalfa (Medicago sadva), for its "vitamin U"
factor, bioflavonoids at 1,000 mg q.i.d., B-6 at
100 mg t.i.d., vitamin A at 300,000 IU per day
as beta carotene, zinc at 20 mg t.i.d., glutamine
at 400 mg q.i.d., avoid alcohol, avoid sugar
and refined foods, consume a high nutritional
fiber diet. Anti biotics are a preferred treatment
of gastric ulcers over surgery - At any sign of
"coffee grounds" vomiting, get to an emer-
173
gency room immediately as this is a sign of a
hemorrhaging ulcer.
ULCERATIVE COLITIS (Crohn's Disease):
see Crohn's Disease
URTICARIA (food allergy rash): see food
allergies
VAGLNLTIS (vaginal discharge): can be
caused by a great variety of diseases and
syndromes ranging from panty-hose without
ventilation, parasites (Trichomonas vaginalis),
yeast infections (Candida albicans), venereal
disease (gonorrhea, syphilis), etc. Diagnosis
of the specific underlying disease is essential
to correct therapy. History will be useful as
well as vaginal cultures.
Treatment of vaginitis should include specific
therapy following diagnostic procedures (see
specific diseases). For nonspecific vaginitis
you may use hydrogen peroxide douches
twice weekly, vinegar douches (two tbsp./
pint of warm water), yogurt douches and
herbs to include myrtle (Myrica cerifera) and
blue cohosh (Caulophyllum thalictroides).
VARICOSE VELNS: are thought to be caused
by constipation and constant vertical posture;
copper deficiency may also be a contributing
factor.
Treatment of varicose veins should include
vitamin C to bowel tolerance, vitamin E at 800-
1,200 IU per day, zinc at 50 mg t.i.d.,
bioflavonoids at 600 mg t.i.d., DMSO, hydro-
therapy, copper at 2 mg per day (tiy a copper
bracelet) and herbs including marigold (Calen-
dula officinalis) topically, aie (Ruta graveolens),
yellow sweet clover (Uelilotus officinalis).
VERTIGO (dizziness, car sickness, mo-
tion sickness): see car sickness. Take pow-
dered peppercorns (Piper nignim).
VITILIGO (loss of skin color): is a loss of
skin color, especially in dark or black skinned
people.
Treatment of vitiligo should include extracts
of placenta, live cell therapy, PABA at 100 mg
q.i.d., phenylalanine at 50mg/kg/day, copper
at 2 mg per day, copper bracelet, vitamin A at
300,000 IU pr day as beta carotene, zinc at 50
mg t.i.d., Vitamin B - 12 at 2000 megs per day,
folic acid 1 mg per day and the base line
nutritional supplementation program to in-
clude plant derived colloidal minerals.
WARTS (papillomas): contagious (viral)
benign skin tumors - warts (veirucae vulgaris),
planter warts (veirucae on the sole ofthe foot),
venereal warts (condylomata acuminata) may
be found on the vulva and penis.
Treatment of warts should include topical
application of cashew nut (Anacardium
occidentale), oil of yellow cedar (Thuja
occidentalis) and milk-weed juice. There are
commercial wart removal kits available from
your pharmacy that employ salacylic acid
topically.
WEIGHT LOSS: see diets
WHITE SPOTS, FINGERNAILS: are caused
by zinc deficiency.
Treatment should include zinc at 50 mg t.i.d.;
take the base line nutritional program to in-
clude plant derived colloidal minerals.
WORMS (parasites): see parasites
Treatment may include wormwood (Artemi-
sia absinthium), and butternut (Juglans
cinerea). Levamisol is a good veterinary
174
"wormer" that can be used veiy effectively in
humans with minimal to no side effects.
WOUNDS (chronic ulcers): treat topically
with herbs including euphorbia (Chamaesyce
spp.), cliff rose (Allionia coccinea), arnica
(Arnica montana), snake root (Aristolochia
clematitis), German chamomile (Matricaria
chamomilla), marigold (Calendula officinalis),
snake root (Sanicula europaea) and witch
hazel (Hamamelis virginiana)
Zli'S (pimples, acne): see acne
175
Chapter 11
Referrals
"A n u navoidable conclusion is that the way in
which our medical care system has evolved
has created conditions that increaset the like-
lihood ofdamage to the patient."
- Rick Carlson
The End of Medicine
One ofyour responsibilities as yourown
"primary health care provider" is to recognize
when you need the advice and counsel of a
"specialist." An obvious example would be if
you were run over by a concrete truck you will
need an orthopedic surgeon "to put you back
together again." On the other hand, you don't
need an EENT if you have an earache three
times per year. "Orthodox" doctors love
to"specialize" in allergies since their patients
rarely have a life threatening allergy (that is the
"orthodox" attitude about allergies) and they
keep coming back forever for allergy shots
and new nasal sprays!!"
Specialists in the "orthodox" medical
field tend to be a veiy fickle "kiss and mn"
bunch who rarely get a direct inquiry from a
patient; in fact, in many cases you would be
anesthetized or tranquilized in the hospital the
first time you get interviewed by "your special-
ist" (in some cases you meet him after
the"procedure" is complete - you couldn't
even pick him out of a "line up" if you had to).
"Specialist" depend on the "other" "orthodox"
doctors to feed them "grist" for the "mill." It's
kind of like one car salesman asking another
to help you pick out options on a new car!!
"Specialists" tend to be the speakers at
"continuing education" seminars that "ortho-
dox doctors are forced to go to each year to
maintain their license. In this way, the "spe-
cialists" keep their name and "wares" in front
of their "sales force" (the "snake oil" huckster
on the back of the wagon is pitching to the
"orthodox" doctors!!!).
"Specialist" should be highly skilled at
mechanical procedures since they only do
one or two, but beware. Remember the old
saying, "those who can - do and those who
can't - teach;" well, in "orthodox" medicine it's
those who can - do and those who can't -
specialize."
"Specialists" rarely "see the forest for the
trees;" there are a variety of reasons for this.
There is a certain amount of "tunnel vision" in
all of us, especially when our livelihood is at
stake!! If an "orthodox" doctor refers you to a
surgeon to have your feet amputated for dia-
betic ulcers, the surgeon is not going to sug-
gest a hyperbaric oxygen chamber to save
your feet - he's a surgeon!! The honor of this
is he will sleep well and play happily with his
176
girlfriend believing that he did you a service.
A second reason why the "specialist"
can't "see the forest for the trees" is as a group
they have a problem. It is well documented
that "22,600-33,600 are alcoholics, recovering
alcoholics or soon to be alcoholics." "Alcohol-
ism Is a primary disease to which physicians as
a group, seem highly susceptible and often
goes hand in hand with drug abuse" so says
Stephen C. Scheiber, M.D. in The Impaired
Physician.
A recent Harvard study has revealed that
"59% of physicians 78% of medical students
use psychoactive dmgs (usually marijuana
and cocaine) and that 40% of "orthodox" doc-
tors get "high" with friends on a regular basis;
lastly, the United States loses the equivalent of
seven medical school graduating classes each
year to dnig addiction, alcoholism and sui-
cide.
In the book, Medicine On Trial, they
calculate that patients visit these "ticking time
bomb" "orthodox" physicians at least 45-100
million times each year!!
We like the old country doctor or the
veterinary approach; the closer the doctor is to
his patient, the less likely it is they will do them
harm (it is highly unlikely that you will harm
your self as your own "primary health care
provider"). The veterinarian does his own
anesthesia, obstetrics, surgery, dentistiy, in-
ternal medicine, gastroenterology, EENT, pe-
diatrics, cardiology, radiology, etc. (just like"ole
Doc Adams" on Gunsmoke). Are veterinar-
ians smarter or more capable than "orthodox"
doctors? Probably so!!! We know for sure they
love their patients more!!
If the "skills" ofa "specialist" are required,
get three (3) or more opinions from three (3)
or more different "specialists" (be sure to ask
one from a totally different field as they will be
more likely to give you an objective view) as
this will increase your chances of survival.
After all, you get three bids for a body repair on
a car for an insurance company and three bids
for a house painting contract, don't you??
The more "exotic" the "specialist," the
greater the risk to you; it's like playing poker
with $100 bills instead of matches. A surgeon
who does laminectomies for low back prob-
lems is not going to refer you to a chiropractor
for more conservative (and more effective)
approaches (especially if his Mercedes pay-
ment is due).
Ask the "specialist" to speak to ten of his
patients who have gone through the proce-
dure. "Orthodox" doctors don't like this ap-
proach, as "testimonials are not scientific;" this
may be true but it certainly will give you an
idea if ten patients survived the procedure (or
if, in fact, he has even done this procedure
before!!)
Many "specialists" will notacceptyou for
a patient unless you are "referred" by an "or-
thodox" doctor; however, because the "pa-
tient pool" of the 80s is dwindling (educated
people can't be sold the Brooklyn Bridge) this
is changing —if not yourself, then your chiro-
practor or naturopathic physician (or even
your veterinarian) can refer you.
Beware of "specialists" who brag about
doing their procedure on their colleague's pet
dog or hamster -if he had enough patients
because of exceptional skills, he wouldn't
have enough time for such frivolity.
If you have two or more "doctors" in
your "family practice" you can "specialize" in
diagnostic techniques as well as therapy mo-
dalities. My family did; my grandmother took
care of the flu, sore throats, croup.etc. and my
mother loved to do the"surgeiy " (remove splin-
ters, etc.). We are lucky in our "family prac-
tice;" we have two "specialists" neither of
whom smoke, drink or "get high." One of us
is interested in internal medicine and nutrition
while the other specializes in surgery and
Traditional Chinese Medicine. This way we
get two sober opinions on each problem and,
177
as a result, we are less often in need of outside
"help" and are certainly less likely to get in-
jured.
If you do need an outside doctor, con-
tact your naturopathic physician or chiroprac-
tor for advice; start out at the conservative end
of the "stick." We get so many patients who
have been "cut," "burned" and "poisoned" and
have their insurance exhausted by the "ortho-
dox" medical system, then they turn to us for
help. The amazing thing is we can help, even
at this late stage. Ask about and pursue
alternative therapies before you get damaged!!!
We collect obituaries of MD's as a hobby
- not only do they remind us that MD's are
mortal but also that they are not veiy good
examples oftheir trade. MD's die ofthe strang-
est tilings such as heart attacks while jogging
in the park, cancer, diabetes, liver cirrhosis
and drug over doses (we think this is more fun
than collecting stamps or baseball cards!). The
real value of this collection is that it continually
gives us confidence in advising you to be your
own doctor!!!!
Be bold!! It is time to commit!! It is time
to become so independent that the "ortho-
dox" doctors will begin to put fliers on wind-
shields of cars in the mall parking lots. Let the
free enterprise system that made America great
help make our health great!! Separate medi-
cine and state!!!
178
Chapter 12
Insurance & Hospitals
"They almost killed me, he thought; and hefelt
his heart pound with dangerous rage. But
there was noJ'accuse. At somepoint, it seemed
to him, human failure melted into and be-
came inseparablefrom institutionalfailure,
the two together forging such a formidable
instrumentforfailure as to dictate more hor-
ror stories than the public ever dreamed of."
- Martha Weinman Lear
Heartsounds
The best insurance is not to get sick!!
This is not only less time consuming but it is
also cheaper than illness ( we are sure you
already know this by now). The veterinaiy
profession has long ago learned that it was
cheaper to put a little calcium in the feed to
prevent arthritis than it was to give gold shots
to the prize bull. The veterinarians job is to do
the best job possible for the animal patient and
save the farmer money. We just don't see this
effort in "orthodox" hospitals which have be-
come like Star Trek robots running amuck
sucking up patients for organ "donors" and
then having the gall to bill the "donor's" family
$250,000 for extended ICU use. This is like
paying the car dealership to steal your car!!
An independent survey was done of
"orthodox" hospital insurance billing in 1,000
hospitals and it was found that 97% or 970 sent
out incorrect insurance billings, the interest-
ing part of the study was that 100% of the
"mistakes" were in the favor of the hospital
(come on now,what are the odds that this is a
computer error - somewhere around 200
billion to one - in other words, they tried to rip
offthe insurance companies!!). This "soiling of
the nest" is a sure sign that they are in the
process of dying out. It appears that the
"orthodox" hospital is a terminal relic of an-
cient history.
Quackery can be defined as "that which
claims too much," says Stephen Benett, M.D.
If this is so, then hospitals are full of "quacks!!"
It is safer at home than at a hospital (everyone
will agree to that). As much as 50% of all new
equipment in hospitals is defective when it's
delivered (i.e., anesthesia machines, fetal car-
diac monitors, infusion pumps, etc.) Eighty to
90% of all anesthetic deaths are due to human
ercor (do the anesthesiologists tell you that?
Hell , no! If they did, no one would ever submit
to a general anesthesia). A minimum of 100,000
deaths from "nosocomial" infections (hospital
caused) occur each year and another 100,000
have "nosocomial" blood infections each year
but recover because of antibiotics. This has
led the summary of one Harvard study to state
"doctor induced infection is among the top ten
leading causes of death in the United States
today!!"
The veterinarian with statistics like these
would starve to death. No farmer in his right
179
mind would keep calling when he got "ser-
vice" that didn't benefit his animals or his P &
L statement! There are no insurance compa-
nies to pay the veterinarian, he must deal
directly with the farmer and no TV ads saying
what a wonderful guy he is will induce the
farmer to call him if he can't deliver a worth-
while service. The same is not true for the
"orthodox" doctor; the insurance companies
keep on paying and then raise our insurance
rates because of the "high cost of medical
services;" if you buy a typewriter and it doesn't
work, you return it and get a refund. When the
insurance company pays, most people don't
ask the orthopedic surgeon for a refund if the
hip replacement fails because they don't feel
that it came out of their own pocket. This then
is why veterinarians give better seivice — they
are directly responsible to the purchaser of
that seivice. Are veterinarians smarter than
"orthodox" doctors? Probably so! We know
for sure that its harder to get into veterinaiy
school than medical school and that veterinar-
ians love their patients more!!!
Why don't veterinarians have a high rate
of "nosocomial" infections; animals are cer-
tainly less hygienic than humans. The reason
is simple; they expect a certain amount of
contamination and compensate for it by giv-
ing "preventive" doses of antibiotics during
surgery. This eliminates the infections!!! The
reason "orthodox" doctors don't do this is
simply arrogance. They wash their hands 5-10
minutes (but they wear their scrubs to the
hospital cafeteria) and they feel that all should
be well if they wear sterile gloves. It would be
interesting to use the veterinaiy technique of
"preventative" antibiotics with surgery in ten
hospitals and compare their "nosocomial" in-
fection rate with ten hospitals that don't (a
fourth grade biologist can figure out the an-
swer to this one even before the experiment -
- "It's elementary, Watson!!!!).
"Health Insurance" should be called
"Sickness Insurance" because they only pay
out when you are sick; even boat or auto
insurance lowers your rates or gives you a year
end rebate if you don't use the insurance!! If
you want the lowest rates of health insurance
today you should join the Christian Science
Church; they don't consume alcohol, smoke,
they have a great diet and exercise program
and they avoid prescription dmgs, blood trans-
fusions, etc.!!!!
If you want insurance coverage for "al-
ternative" health care (i.e., naturopathic phy-
sicians, chiropractic physicians, homeopathic
physicians and alternative treatment modali-
ties) you can find it; however, it will be added
onto your "basic health" plan as a very expen-
sive "rider." The "rider" usually costs more
than the "basic plan." This high cost is not
because "alternative care" costs more (on the
contrary - it always costs less!!) but rather the
insurance companies have a "sweetheart deal"
with the "orthodox" doctors under the guise of
"we want to protect you from quacks." Addi-
tionally, insurance companies pay for survices
only approved by their medical commities
which are dominated byMD's - put some ND's
or DCs on the insurance committee and see
what gets paid for !!!
Tme "preventative medicine" through
healthful living, base line nutritional supple-
ment programs ( to include plant derived
colloidal minerals) and constant self-care is
the best insurance buy for your healthdollars.
The good news is there is a movement
afoot today to start health cooperatives that
offer alternative health care that have accident
riders added to them. In our opinion, this is
long over due and is sure to he an instant hit.
If you have to be in the hospital, insist on
having a spouse, parent or child stay with you
to check out each shot, each pill and each
procedure before it is administered to you.
Also, they can make sure that you don't get
"dropped through the cracks" and left out in
180
the hall for hours after having an x ray, surgery
or therapy. They can make sure you are eating
properly, that your IVs are hooked up prop-
erly , get blood from your own family if needed.
This may sound extreme to you but since
"orthodox" doctors do this for their families,
they must know something they aren't telling
us!!! The reason why "doctors make the worst
patients" is they know what is and what isn't
happening in hospitals and they don't want to
be just another statistical victim!!!
181
Chapter 13
Public Health
"Thoughtfulpublic discussion ofthe iatrogenic
pandemic, beginning withan insistenceupon
demystification of all medical matters, will
not be dangerous to the common wealth.
Indeed, what is dangerous is a passivepublic
that has come to rely on superficial medical
house cleaning.
- Ian Illich
The government can no longer ensure
the public health , either from the environmen-
tal disaster or the "orthodox" Bermuda Tri-
angle (FDA, AMA and drug companies). For
the last five years, the "medical industrial"
Bermuda Triangle has cost the American
people more than the Pentagon and national
defense budget!! Yet, Americans are rated
17th in longivity, 19th in healthfulness, 23rd in
live births and first year surviability and 32nd
in birth defects when compared with the
western industrialized nations by the WHO.
The 20 countries that are healthier than us
have a total gross national product of less than
what we spend for medical care. "It is elemen-
tary, Watson;" we are not getting equitable
value for our health care dollar!!! We have
changed the American economic systems
from "guns and butter" to "guns and phar-
maceuticals!!!" It is of interest that the govern-
ment agency that came forward in 1992 and
said that all sexually active women should be
taking vitamins and minerals before concep-
tion to prevent birth defects was the CDC
(Center for Disease Control ) -not the FDA !!! It
makes sense though - the CDC is beholding to
no one or no company for generating rev-
enues as is the FDA!!!!!
When AT&T had a monopoly on the
long distance fees and telephone equipment
rentals, the rates sky-rocketed (it's the nature
ofthe beast to charge whatever the market will
bear). The government finally deregulated
them and actually split them up into smaller
regional companies and encouraged new
competitive companies to emerge andlet the
market place decide the costs and services
needed. Within two years, the quality of
service improved and AT&T dropped their
costs to meet those of the competition. It is
amazing what true free enterprise does for the
consumer. We are convinced that the best
interest of the American people would be
preserved if there is a separation of "Medicine"
and "State" just like there is a separation of
"Church" and "State!!!"
The monopoly must end. No surgery
without rebates ("no taxation without repre-
sentation"). Don't operate on me ("Don't
Tread on Me"). Give me alternative health
care or give me death ("Give me liberty or give
me death"). These homey little sayings are
182
what triggered the "Boston Tea Party;" isn't it
time for a "Boston (herbal) tea party?
The environment is another public health
concern from the micro environment of our
homes (i.e., contaminated food, contaminated
water, chlorine, formaldehyde, Radon gas,
chlorinated hydrocarbons, etc.) to the na-
tional environment burdened with industrial
and medical wastes. We have established
rules and regulations to ensure laboratory
animals health and well-being down to the air
flow exchanges per hour, water and food
quality, numbers per square foot, lightening
quality, etc.; doesn't it seem odd that we can
solve all of these problems for laboratory
animals and not for ourselves.
As unlikely as it sounds, the Bermuda
Triangle (FDA, AMA and drug companies)
have threads in common with the solving of
the environmental crisis. In each case, we
must take matters into our own hands!! Not
only must we become our own "primary
health care provider" but we must also take on
the responsibility for our own household "mi-
cro" environment!! This means dropping our
personal pollution load to a minimum by
growing a certain amount of our own "or-
ganic" food, we must have home water treat-
ment systems and air conditioning systems in
the fullest sense (not just cooling), energy
conservation (i.e., home solar power, wind
power generation for the home where appro-
priate).
Home water treatment systems are no
longer an elective luxury; they have, in fact,
become necessary to life itself. There are more
than 3,000 chemicals in our drinking and
bathing water that are not removed by present
community water treatment systems (just be-
cause the water is clear doesn't mean that it is
safe!!). Almost all of these chemicals are
carcinogenic. The types of filters required to
remove all of these chemicals are too slow for
the volume of water required by general use.
We must do it ourselves or become a cancer
statistic twice (first for getting cancer from our
drinking water and second killed by the "cut,"
"burn" and "poison" surgery, radiation and
chemotherapy of "orthodox" medicine!!!); these
carcinogens are insidious, they are colorless
and odorless but deadly!! A filter with bone
charcoal will remove all of the hydrocarbons
and heavy metals.
Air treatment is another essential system
in your home. Remember, you spend a mini-
mum of eight hours or 33 1/3% of your day in
the home (housewives spend as much as 90%
oftheir day in the house!! Women also have an
overall higher cancer rate than men!! "It's
elementary, Watson").
In Europe and Asia, it is common for city
dwellers to raise a portion of their own food;
not only is it a healthful, relaxing hobby but it
is also an economical hobby. It guarantees
you a portion ofyour food intake is organically
grown thus reducing your pollution intake
from food sources. Vegetables are easy for the
beginner including carrots, bell peppers, rad-
ishes, tomatoes, lettuce, cabbage, etc.; meats
can include rabbits, pigeons, chickens, eggs,
fish, etc. At retirement, this "hobby" will turn
into a big dividend on your fixed income and
you can sell your "surplus!!!"
Be sure to include plant derived colloi-
dal minerals into your public health program
- they prevent disease and reduce your risk of
damage from heavy metals and pollution in
the environment!
Don't wait for a "Love Canal" incident in
your community before you get concerned.
Remember, "This Is Your Life!!" Be bold, take
control of your own destiny, your own health
and your own household's "Public Health."
183
References & Resources
REFERENCES & RESOURCES
Blackie, Margery. The Patient, Not the Cure. The Challenge of Homeopathy. Woodbridge
Press Publishing Company, Santa Barbara, California. 1977
Carter, Mildred. Hand Reflexology: Tlie Key to Perfect Health. Parker Publishing Company,
Inc. West Nyack, New York. 1981
Coca, Arthur. Tlie Pulse Test: The Secret of Building Your Basic Health. Lyle Stuart,
Inc., Secaucus, N.J. 1982
Ferm, Max and Ferm, Betty. How to Save Dollars With Generic Drugs. William Marrow and
Company, Inc. New York. 1985
Fredericks, Carlton and Goodman, Herman. Low Blood Sugar and You. Constellation
International, 51 Madison Avenue, New York, N.Y. 1969
Heinerman, John. Science of Herbal Medicine. Bi World Publishing Company. 1979
Inlander, Charles, Levin, Lowell and Weiner, Ed. Medicine on Trial. Prentice Hall Press,
New York. London. Toronto 1988
Leek, Sybil. Herbs: Medicine and Mysticism. Henry Regnery Company, Chicago 1975
Mendelsohn, Robert. Male Practice: How Doctors Manipulate Women. Contemporary
Books, Inc., Chicago. 1981
Pelton, Ross. Mind Food and Smart Pills. T & R Publishers, Poway, California. 1986
Stoff, Jesse and Pellegrino, Charles. Chronic Fatigue Syndrome: The Hidden Epidemic.
Random House, New York. 1988
184
Thomson, William (ed). Medicines from the Earth: A Guide to Healing Plants. McGraw Hill
Book Company. New York. St. Louis. San Francisco. 1978
Wallach, Joel and Boever, Wm. Diseases of Exotic Animals: Medical and Surgical
Management. W.B. Saunders Publishing Co., Philadelphia. 1983
Wensel, Louise. Acupuncture for Americans. Reston Publishing Company, Inc., Reston,
Virginia. 1980
Werbach, Melvyn. Nutritional Influences on Illness: A Sourcebook of Clinical Research. Third
Line Press, Inc., Tarzana, California. 1988
Williams, Lindsey. You Can Live. Life and Health Publications, Portland, Oregon. 1989
185
Spanish Science Terms
algebra
anatomy
anthropology
apiculture
bacteriology
biochemistry
biology
botany
chemistry
crystallography
dentistry
embryology
entomology
'algebra
anatomia
antropologia
apicultura
bacteriologia
bioqu'imica
biologia
bot'anica
qu'imica
cristalografia
dentisteria
embriologia
entomolo'gia
186
Spanish Science Terms
geography
geology
geometry
horticulture
ichthyology
immunology
insurance
injection
logic
mathematics
medicine
metallurgy
meteorology
geografia
geologia
geometria
horticultura
ictiologia
inmunologia
seguros
injecci'on
l'ogica
matem'aticas
medicina
metalurgia
meteorologia
187
Spanish Science Terms
mineralogy
Spanish Science Terms
veterinary medicine veterinaria
zoology zoolog'ia
The Book That
"Orthodox
Doctors
Couldn't Kill
Become your own primary
Health care provider
Learn the Alternative
Healing Arts
Establish Your Own
Home Clinic
Establish A Home
Pharmacy
Home Surgery
Please Send:
Let's Play Doctor
THE BOOK
Enclosed
Name:
City. State:
Zip:
Please make check payable to Wellness MLM & Mail To
WELLNESS LIFESTYLE
P.O. Box 1222. Bonita. California 91908
M/C or VISA #_
Expiration Date: .
189
Stress Scale
The stress produced by changes in our daily habits have been carefully observed,
charted and evaluated by psychologists. It became very obvious that certain changes
produced much greater stress than others. A number, according to the severity of the
response, was assigned to the thirty-seven most frequent changes in habits.
The stress scale on the following page can be used by you to determine where the
personal stresses in your life might lead you. Although it is easily understood when
properly examined, many do not recognize that the inability to accomodate stress pre-
ceeds possible illness or overwhelming urges. The alcoholic prone will consume more
alcohol, the smoker will smoke more and the one who finds solice in food will over-
eat.
Your ability to accomodate stress is directly related to the nutritional balance in
your body. This logically explains how one is able to sail through considerable stress
without serious consequences while another under similar stress has physical and/or
mental breakdowns. It's the chemistry that determines your reactions and you can
begin now to enhance your personal chemistry through proper nutrition.
If the stress rating scale shown for you exceeds 150 points of change in 12 months,
the chances are one out of two that you might suffer significant illness and a tremen-
dous urge to over eat during the following 24 months. If the amount of change ex-
ceeds 300 points in a 12 month period, the chances are better than four out of five that
you will suffer significant illness and a tremendous urge to overeat in the succeeding
24 months.
190
Stress Scale
1 Death of family member or close friend 100.
2. Divorce 73_
3. Marital seperation 65_
4. Personal injury or illness 63_
5. Marriage 53_
6. Fired from job 50_
7. Marital reconciliation 47_
8. Change in health of family member 45_
9. Pregnancy 44_
lO.Sex difficulties 40_
1 1 Gain of a new family member 39_
12. Business readjustment 39_
13. Change in financial state 38_
14. Change in profession or trade 36_
15. Change in number of arguments with spouse 35_
16. Mortgage over $10,000 31_
17. Change in responsibilities at work 30_
18. Son or daughter leaving home 29_
19. Trouble with in-laws 29_
20. Outstanding personal achievement 28_
21. Spouse is laid off of work 26_
22. Begin or end school 26_
23. Change in living conditions 25_
24. Revision of personal habits 24_
25. Trouble with boss 23_
26. Change in work hours or conditions 20_
27. Change in residence 20_
28. Change in school 20_
29. Change in recreation activities 19_
30. Change in church activities 19_
31. Change in social activities 18_
32. Mortgage or loan less than $10,000 17_
33. Change in sleeping habits 16_
34. Change in numbers of family get togethers 15_
35. Change in eating habits 15_
36. Vacation 13_
37. Seasons holidays (Christmas, New Year,etc.) 12_
TOTAL _
Reflexology
The concept of reflexology holds that various organs, nerves, and glands In your body are con-
nected with certain "reflex areas" on the bottoms of your feet, hands, and other areas of the body.
Moreover, this philosophy claims that by massaging these corresponding areas, prompt relief from
a variety of conditions in the body can be obtained. In most instances the thumb, or sometimes a
knuckle, is used as the massaging force; although many use vibrators or other external forces.
Considerable credence has been given this work by science, now that we have more or less ex-
plained the mechanism by which acupuncture works, since the principle is the same and many
physicians are now using acupressure for a variety of conditions, including almost instantaneous
relief from headaches and toothaches. This should obviously not be misinterpreted to mean that this
methodology will cure the cause of this pain in these two instances, however, in cases of gland or
organ congestion, there have been dramatic rehabilitations reported.
The following charts may be of some assistance to you, if you wish to apply some very well
authenticated principles of healing to your body. There are several techniques such as rotary mo-
tion massage, back and forth massage, probing massage, etc., but the important factor Is to find
the right spot and if it is tender to the touch, massage the area. There is no question that you will
find more tender spots on your feet than your hands, but that does not limit the effectiveness of
massaging the corresponding area on the hand that you found tender on the foot.
Probably one of the most immediate benefits from reflex massage is the feeling of complete relax-
ation after the session. Nervous tension, which Is so universal in our society, seems to just melt
away and you can enjoy deep, restful sleep. These charts may open the door for you to a different
way of maintaining health, vitality and the joy of living.
192
Reflex Chart
•»»!» MAIN
REFLEX
CHART
RIGHT LEFT
InUtiullon*! IimHIi.1i ol HiIm.iI Hullh Sctancil Inc
193
Reflex Chart
REFLEX
CHART
RIGHT
- lnlttn»tloflll IniHltllt el Nlluilt lltltlh SeUncM. IfIC
194
Index
abrasions - 81
abscess - 81, 93
absence attacks - 81
ACE - 71, 82
acne - 82
aconite - 62
achalasia - 81
achlorhydria - 81
acupuncture - 1, 51
adrenal gland exhaustion - 82
adrenalin - 71
A/G ratio - 35
AIDS -82
air sick - 99
albumin - 35
alcohlism - 83, 156
alk phos - 36
allergic shiners - 83
allergies - 83
allergy test - 30
allium cepa - 62
alopecia - 83
Alzheimer's Disease - 83
amblyopia - 84
amebiasis - 84
amenorrhea - 84
ammonia - 71
anal abscess - 84
anaphylaxsis - 84
anemia - 84
aneurysm - 85
angina - 85
anorexia - 85
anosmia - 85
antibiotics - 71
anxiety - 85
aphthous stomatitis - 86
arnica - 63
aromatherapy - 53
arsenic toxicity - 86
arsenicum album - 62, 63
arteriosclerosis - 86
arthritis - 87
asthma - 87
atherosclerosis - 88
athletes foot - 88
atopic deramtitis - 88
autoimmune disorders - 88
autism - 88
Avogadro's Law - 62
ayurvedic medicine - 54
B
Bach Remedies - 54
backache - 88
bad breath - 89
baldness - 89
basophils - 32
bed sores - 89
bedwetting - 89
bee stings - 89
"Belch, burp and bloat" - 92
belladona - 62
Bell's palsy - 90
benign prostate hyperplasia - 89
biochemics - 54
biotin - 44
bipolar disorder - 90
birth control - 75
birth defects - 90
bladder infection - 110
bladder stones - 91
bleeding - 91
bleeding bowel - 91
bleeding gums -92
bloating -92
blood pressure- 6
195
body odor - 92
boil - 92
bone pain - 92
bone spurs - 92
breast cysts - 92
breast tenderness - 93
brittle nails - 93
bronchial asthma - 93
bronchitis - 93
brown rice diet - 66
bruises - 93
bruxisum - 93
bryonia - 63
BUN - 35
BUN / creatinine ratio - 35
burns - 93
bursitis - 93
butterfly bandage - 112
Caesarian - 74
calcium - 34, 44, 73
cacium / phosphorus ratio - 87
calculus - 94
calendula - 64
cancer - 94
candidiasis - 97
canker cores - 86, 98
car sickness - 99
carbuncles - 98
carcelim - 96
carcinoma - 94
cardiac arrhythmia - 98
cardiomyopathy - 99
carpel tunnel syndrome - 99
cataracts - 99
catarrh - 100
CBC - 32
CEA - 36
ceanothus - 64
celiac disease - 100
cerebropalsy - 100
cerebrovascular disease - 100
cervical dysplasia - 101
cesium chloride - 96
cestodes - 170
chalazion - 101
charely horse - 153
cheilosis - 101
chicken pox - 101
chigger - 102
chilblains - 102
chills - 102
Chinese restaurant syndrome - 30
chiropractic - 58
chloride - 36, 73
choking - 155
cholesterol - 34, 102
choline - 44, 73
chorea - 102
chromium - 44, 73
chronic fatigue syndrome - 103
cirrhosis - 144
claudication - 103
climacteric - 103
cluster headache - 104
cold sore - 98
colds - 104
colic - 105
colitis - 105
colloidal minerals - 183
color therapy - 58
congested lungs - 105
congestive heart failure - 105
conjunctivits - 106
constipation - 106
contraception - 106
convulsions - 106
copper - 44, 73
cor pulmonale - 107
COQ-10 - 97
cough - 107
cough medicine - 70
crabs - 107
cradle cap - 107
creatinine
Crohn's Disease - 107
196
croup -100
cuts - 108
cystic calculi - 140
cystic fibrosis - 108
cystitis - 110
D
dandruff- 110
deafness - 129
deferential - 33
dementia - 110, 156
depression - 113, 156
dermatitis - 113, 168
diabetes - 114
diagnosis - 41
diaper rash - 115
diarrhea - 115, 117
dieting - 1 15
direct bilirubin - 35
diuretic - 116
diverticulitis -116
DMSO - 97
douche - 116
Down's syndrome - 150
dropsy - 116
dry skin - 117
dysentary - 115, 117
dyslexia - 117
dysmenorrhea - 118
dyspepsia - 118, 123, 138
earache - 119
ear infection - 119
EBV - 103
ecchymosis - 119
eclampsia - 161
eczema - 113, 119
ejaculation premature - 119
electric shock - 120
emesis - 120
enuresis - 121
eosinohils - 33
epilepsy - 121
epistaxis - 154
essential fatty acids - 45
excercise equipment - 28
exophthalmos - 122
eye redness - 122
Failure to thrive - 122
farting - 122
fatigue - 122
fecal sample - 36, 38, 39
fertility - 77, 122
fever - 123
fever blister -48
fibrocystic breast disease - 123
fibrocystic disease - 123
fingernails - 123
fits - 123
flatulence - 123
flu - 124
fluoride - 73
Flutamide - 96
folic acid - 45, 76
food allergies - 124
fractures - 125
freckles - 126
gall bladder disease - 126
gall stone - 126
gastric ulcers - 173
gelsimium - 63
Gentiana Lutea - 63
geographic tongue - 126
germanium - 96
GGT - 34, 40
gingivitis - 126, 128, 162
glaucoma - 129
globulin - 35
glucose 34
197
Glucostick - 31, 34
gluten enteropathy - 100, 127
goiter - 127
goose bumps - 140
gout - 128
grippe - 92, 124
growing pain - 128
gums, sore - 128
H
hair analysis - 37
hair loss - 82, 130
hangnails - 128
hay fever - 128
HCT (hematocrit) - 32
HDL - 34
headache - 128
healing arts - 51
hearing loss - 129
heart attack - 129
heartburn - 130
heart disease - 129
heating pad - 28
hemoglobinometer - 31
hemorrhoids - 130
hepar sulph - 63
hepatitis - 130
herbal medicine - 59
herpes - 131
herpes zoster - 131
hiatal hernia - 131
hiccoughs - 131
hoarseness - 132
homeopathy - 60
hospitals - 179
Hoxey herbal formula - 96
hydrazine sulfate - 95
hydrophobia - 163
hydrotherapy - 60
hyperacidity - 132
hyperactivity- 117, 132
hypericum - 64
hypertention - 132
hypoglycemia - 133
hypotension - 134
hypothyroid - 134
hysteria - 134, 160
atrogenic disease - 24
cterus - 139
mmune depression - 135
mmunization - 135
mmunotherapy - 135
mpetigo - 135
mpotence - 136
ncontinence - 136
ndigestion - 138
ndirect bilirubin - 35
nfarction - 136
nfection - 137
nfertility - 137
inflammation - 137
nfra red light - 66
inositol - 45.-73-
nscription - 7
nsomnia - 138
insurance - 179
iodine - 45, 73
iron - 45, 73
irritable bowel syndrome - 138
Isoprinosin - 81, 168
itching - 138
jaundice - 139
joint pain - 139
K
K (potassium) - 36, 47
Kegel's exercise - 139
Keratomalacia - 139
keratosis - 140
kernicterus - 140
198
Keshan disease - 99, 110
ketoacidosis - 140
kidney disease - 140
kidney stones - 140
Kilner screen - 59
Knipping - 61
Koraskoff's syndrome - 141
Kwashiorkor - 141
labor - 141, 161
laceration - 108
lachesis - 63
lactation - 141, 142
lactase deficiency - 142
lactobacillus - 98
laetrile - 3, 96
laryngitis - 142
laxative - 142
Laying-on-of-hands - 59
LD - 145
LDH - 34
LDL - 34
lead poisoning - 142
learning disorder - 142
Legionnaires' disease - 143
lentigo-Maligna melanona - 143
leptospirosis - 143
leukemia - 143
leukorrhea - 143
lice - 144
life expectancy - 144
light therapy - 66
liver disease - 144
liver spots - 126
lockjaw - 145
lupus - 145
Lyme arthritis - 145
Lyme disease - 145
lymphoma - 146
M
macrobiotics - 66
magnesium - 46. 73
malabsorption - 146
malignancy - 146
malnutrition - 146
manganese - 46, 73
mania - 146
manipulation - 58
materia medica - 60, 80
MCH - 32
MCHC - 33
MCV - 32
MD - 52
measles - 146, 147
mega vitamin therapy - 66
melancholia - 134
melanoma - 96
melasma - 147
memory loss - 147
menarche - 147
meningitis - 148
meningocele - 148
Menke's kinky hair syndrome - 148
menopause - 148
mercury poisoning - 149
metabolic therapy - 66, 149
methadone - 149
microscope - 28
migraine headaches - 149
miscarriage - 149
mitral valve prolapse - 150
molybdenum - 73
Monckeberg's arteiosclerosis - 150
moncytes - 33
mongolism - 150
morning sickness - 150
mosquitos - 151
mother tincture - 62
mucoviscidosis - 108
multiple sclerosis - 151
mumps - 151
muscular dystrophy - 152
199
muscle cramps -153
N
otoscope - 27
oxygen - 71
Na - 35, 48, 73
nasal catarrh - 153
nausea - 153
nat mur - 64
nat sulph - 64
naturopathy - 67
N.D. - 61
neoplasm - 93
nervous heart - 153
nervous tension - 153
negative ion - 67
neuralgia - 153
neutrophil - 33
niacin - 46, 73
night blindness - 154
nightmares - 154
night terrors - 154
nitric acid - 63
nobleman - 1
nosebleeds - 154
nontropical sprue - 100
numbness - 154
nutritional secondary
hyperparathyroidism - 157
nux vomica - 63
O
OB/GYN - 74
obesity - 155
oligosprmia - 156
omphalocele - 156
ophthalmoscope - 27
organic brain syndrome - 156
ornithosis - 157
osteitis fibrosa - 157
osteoarthritis - 157
ostopathy - 57
osteoporosis - 158
otitis - 158
PABA - 47
pain - 158
pain killers - 70
palpitations - 158
panic attacks - 84
pantothenic acid - 46, 73
parasitemia - 6
parasites - 36, 37, 38, 39, 159
parkinsonism - 159
parrot fever - 157
Pasteur - 3
PDR - 24
peptic lucer - 159
periodontal disease - 159
pharmacy - 70
phlebitis - 160
phosphorus - 47, 73
pica - 160
piles - 130, 160
pilonidal cyst - 160
pimples - 160
pinworms - 37, 38
pink eye - 122
placenta privia - 74, 75
plant colloidal - 73
platelets - 33
plumbism - 142
PMS - 92, 156, 160
Pneumocystis carnii - 81
poison ivy - 1 61
polycrests - 62
polyerga - 96
poor circulation - 161
post partum hemorrhage - 1 61
potassium - 36, 47, 73
potencies - 60
pregnancy (labor) - 161
pregnancy (toxemia) - 1 61
premature ejaculation - 119
200
premenstrual syndrome - 92, 156, 160
prostate hyperplasia - 88, 162
pruritis - 138
psoriasis - 162
public health - 182
Pulsatilla - 65
pulse - 7, 30
pulse test - 30, 125
pyridoxine - 47, 73
pyorrhea - 162
Q-fever - 162
quinsy - 162
R
rabbit fever - 162
rabies - 163
rachitic rosary - 163
radial nerve palsy - 163
rainbow healing - 59
rape - 163
Raynaud's disease - 164
RBC - 32
receding gums - 126, 128
rectal itching - 164
referrals - 176
reflex hammer - 27
reflexology - 68
reflux - 130, 131
regional enteritis - 107
repertory - 62
Reye's syndrome - 164
rheumatic fever - 165
rheumatic arthritis - 165
rheumatism - 165
rhus tox - 65
Ribavirin - 81, 101
riboflavin - 48, 73
rickets - 165
ringworm - 166
Rocky Mountain spotted fever - 166
Rolfing - 68
roseola - 166
rubber gloves - 28
rule in/rule out - 41
sarcoma - 94
scabies - 166
scarletina - 166
scarlet fever - 166
schizophrenia - 167
Schuessler cell salts - 54
sciatica - 167
scoliosis - 167
scurvy - 167
sea sickness - 99
sebaceous cyst - 167
seborrheic dermatitis - 168
seizures - 123
selenium - 48, 73
Semmelwise - 75
senile dementia - 168
SGOT - 36
SGPT - 36
shark skin - 168
shingles - 168
six hour GTT - 31, 40
skin ailments - 168
SLE - 145
SMAC - 33
smelling salts - 71
sodium - 35, 48, 73
solar-chrome saltbags - 59
sore throat - 168
sphygmomanometer - 27
spider bite - 169
spina bifida - 76, 89
sprain - 169
sties - 122
strains - 169
stress - 169
stroke - 169
201
subscription - 7
supplement program - 73
sweat test - 169
sweat test Table - 111
swimmers ear - 170
syphilis - 170
syringe - 28
syrup of ipecac - 71
tachycardia - 170
tapeworms - 170
tardive dyskinesia - 171
tartar - 93
teeth, discoloration - 171
teething - 171
temperature - 7
tension - 6
terentula - 63
testicular atrophy - 171
thallium poisoning - 171
thermometer - 26
thiamine - 49, 73
thrush - 171
thumb forceps - 27
thyroid test - 30
tick fever - 3, 166
tinnitus - 172
tonsillitis - 172
toothache - 172
torticollis - 172
total bilirubin - 35
total protein - 35
toxemia - 161
toxic shock syndrome - 172
toxoplasmosis - 173
triglycerides - 173
TSS - 172
umbilical hernia - 156
uric acid - 34
urine - 31
urine test - 31
urine therapy - 68
vaginitis - 174
Valeriana - 64
Van Leeuwenhoeek - 3
varicose veins - 174
vertigo - 174
vitamin A - 49, 73
vitamin Bl - 49, 73
vitamin B12 - 49, 73
vitamin C - 49, 73
vitamin D - 50, 73
vitamin E - 50, 73
vitamin K - 50, 73
vitamins and minerals - 44, 73
Table 6-1
vitiligo - 174
vomiting - 120
W
Walter Reed - 3
warts - 174
WBC - 33
weight - 115
weight loss - 115
wen - 167
white spots (fingernails) - 174
William Moore ESQ - 4
whooping cough - 100
worms - 174
wounds - 175
wryneck - 172
U
ulcer - 173
ultra violet - 28, 66
xerophthalmia - 154
xylocaine - 71
202
yang - 51, 66
yellow fever - 3
yin - 51, 66
yoga - 68
zinc - 50, 73
zits - 175
zumba - 136
203

w w w «
3 Audio Cassettes
220 Minutes of
"How To" maximize
your genetic
potential for
health and
longevity.
Become your
own primary
Health care
provider
Only
$2495 Please Send:
Let's Play Doctor
THE WORKSHOP
3 Audio Cassettes
Enclosed
Name:
Address:
City, State:
Zip:
Please make check payable to Wellness MLM & Mail To:
WELLNESS LIFESTYLE
P.O. Box 1222, Bonita, California 91908
M/C or VISA #
Expiration Date:

RARE EARTHS
Their Secrets of Health
& Longevity
The definitive home reference on
minerals, mineral deficiencies and
their relationship to:
$ Degenerative Diseases
$ Learning Disabilities
$ Criminal Behavior
$ Hyperactivity
# Birth Defects
$ Addictions
$ Food Binges
fl Depression
fl Infertility
and more!
onlv$4Q95
Please Send:
RARE EARTHS
Their Secrets of Health & Longevity
$ Enclosed
Name:
Address:
City, State:
Zip:
Please make check payable to Wellness MLM & Mail To:
WELLNESS LIFESTYLE
P.O. Box 1222, Bonita, California 91908
M.C. or VISA
Expiration Date


