RARE EARTHS: Forbidden Cures

Joel D. Wallach, DVM, ND
and
Ma Lan, MD, MS

FRONT COVER: _ Electron photomicrograph of a selenium deficient liver mitochondria
from a Cystic Fibrosis monkey. Magnified 126,000 times. Note the
helical crystal structure (RNA/DNA) of the precipitated inner
membrane of the mitochodria.

BACK COVER: | The authors, Drs. Wallach and Ma Lan, pause on the “Great Wall”
on their trek to northern China in search of forbidden cures.

The information in this book is intended to be medical instruction. The purpose of RARE
EARTHS is to be educational and informative. It is assumed the user, as their own primary
health care provider will consult with or refer themselves to an ND, DC or D.V.M. as they
deem necessary!

Library of Congress Cataloging in Publications Data:
Wallach, J.D. and Lan, Ma

RARE EARTHS: The Forbidden Cures
Bibliography:
Includes index

1. Mineral Deficiency Diseases 2. Pica 3. Cannibalism 4. “Bad Seeds”
5. Holistic Health Care 6. Alternative Self Help 7. Nutrition

RARE EARTHS

First Edition, November 1994
Second Edition, May 1995
Third Printing, January 1996
Fourth Printing, February 1996
Fifth Printing, June 1996

Sixth Printing, July 1996

Copyright © 1994 by Joel D. Wallach, Ma Lan and Double Happiness Publishing Co.
All Rights Reserved.

No part of this book may be copied or republished in any form without written consent of the
authors and publishers.

Printed and Published by Double Happiness Publishing Co.
P.O. Box 1222 Bonita, CA 91908

Dedication

This book is dedicated to individual health
freedom; freedom of choice in health care, the
constitution of the United States and to the
separation of medicine and state as with the
separation of church and state.

“Strive to preserve your health, and in this you
will the better succeed in proportion as you
keep clear of the physicians.”

-LEONARDO DA VINCI
1451

Acknowledgements

This book was put together at the urging of multitudes of individuals seeking optimal
health and longevity through colloidal mineral supplementation. Literally thousands of
references were employed in gathering materials for this book, so we have chosen to limit the
number of references or the bibliography would have outweighed the text! We borrowed
heavily from the Scientific American, Natural History, National Geographic, USA Today,
New York Times, San Diego Union Tribune, Los Angeles Times, The Denver Post, the St.
Louis Post Dispatch and literally hundreds of different local newspapers from across America
to make RARE EARTHS: The Forbidden Cures, a timely, informative and very useful book.
Many thousands of hours were spent in the medical library at UCSD in LaJolla, CA. and on
airplanes gleaning details from newspapers and scientific literature. Actual news clippings
and obituaries are used to illustrate “real life” human diseases or events that can be directly
attributed to mineral deficiencies. The extraordinary help and technical advice of Vince
Marasigan, Dr. Gerhart Schrauzer, Robert L. Snook, Ron L. Snook, Dr. Patricia Hastings,
Wm. H. Moore, Esq., Margie Skinner, Eldore Hanni, Char Murphy, Eve Stahl, Jacque Dreher
and Anthony Pefiafuerte along with the staff of the Double Happiness Publishing Co. allowed
us to have a joyous second “home delivery” (the first being, Let’s Play Doctor in 1989).

vi

Table of Contents

Introduction Wm. H. Moore, M.D., J.D. ......cccsssccscsssserssscscssccsecsecsveesscssessssosssoessees x
Foreword TAL MIE CETE® cocosnalyo.020000000000000000 020000 300000 SCCCCROGKGECTATEICOKONOSOKKCOTSECICO xv
Preface J.D. Wallach and Ma Lan...

Chapter 1 GeMmeis ..ccesssssecsesseecsecsecseessceseenecseenscasecnesecsueaueeseessessescsueeseesnesneaneesees 1
Chapter 2 Minerals- The Currency of Medicine .....cccsccessessssceneeneeeenneneennenneens 19
Chapter 3 COUSINS Wie AB Deck LO co PRR cacao cb cerccoccKt 37
Chapter 4 Pica & Cribbing .....scsccesecseesesseeseseeseessessesseeereenecnecnsenncnsenneensensenesses 53
Chapter 5 “Divine Hunger” ... . 59
Chapter 6 se TIE VERE ACE Se Cl peeeennnte nae sear rma nn rears eeunaansaconstocncsSucnseaierereens 85
Chapter 7 (GeneticiRotemtial tresses rercetere:, weereeetarer, eestrrot, turecnscrcrscecsesaz saan 123
Chapter 8 TNE OYSEN OTS socrcnoorennencenens5000 gf 0500002920960020¢5 22000 CREE Bi EB cc Bsa 00500 171
Chapter 9 "TRS CTL FTV TPS tS coon coccerocnenccosc0co5e00c TCC KEG AOCECCOCHCEA aE OED 215
Chapter 10 “Glacial Milk” +251
Chapter 11 RAR GEAR Did Sleccsncscssstestestestiaitesee Mscsaessecantentuness arecesssocesranarersS@iere 265
Chapter 12 Oke, WAITERS “Seteal He feral IDET a. checocSponoconcocaoco Eh BERBER oe SBoscbooca300 421
FEN OTOETETELOY §——ocexenocnsoococanennondeboccrgaccns0cco0000 70 aaa 0Co Rao eB BERR coca cco Se penIANT Ao 479
WHE, cr prscecccncarcne AES GPICEIC TCR EET OOCC CO BE OK SCEIO OC ICON RIO 490

vii

weeeeeee>
ceeeetetD

About the Authors
Joel D. Wallach, BS, DVM, ND

Dr. Wallach had been involved in biomedical research and clinical medicine for 30 years.
He received his B.S. degree (Agriculture) from the University of Missouri with a major in
animal husbandry (nutrition) and a minor in field crops and soils; a D.V.M. (veterinarian)
from the University of Missouri; a three year post doctoral fellowship from The Center for the
Biology of Natural Systems, Washington University; and an ND from the National College of
Naturopathic Medicine, Portland, Oregon. He established and developed a unique family
practice (used veterinary nutrition on human patients) in Portland, Oregon which he operated
for 12 years.

Dr. Wallach’s research has resulted in the publication of more than 70 peer review and
refereed journal articles in the fields of nutrition and pharmaceutical research, major
contributions to eight multi-author text and reference books including the Merck Manual
and authorship of a definitive text/reference book on the subject of comparative medicine
(W.B. Saunders Publishing Co., 1983).

Dr. Wallach’s research in comparative medicine is based on more than 17,500 pathology
cases from the University of Missouri, lowa State University, The Center for the Biology of
Natural Systems, Washington University, the St. Louis Zoological Gardens, the Chicago
Zoological Gardens, The Yerkes Regional Primate Research Center, Emory University, the
National College of Naturopathic Medicine, Portland, Oregon and the Harbin Medical
University, Harbin, Hei Long Jiang, Peoples Republic of China. He was a member of NIH
site visit teams for facilities using animal models for the study of human disease for four
years and was a member of the 1968 NSF ad hoc committee that authored the 1968 Animal
Welfare Act (humane housing and care of laboratory and captive exotic species); and a
Consulting Professor of Medicine, Harbin Medical University, Harbin, Hei Long Jiang, Peoples
Republic of China.

viii

Eg

Dr. Wallach was the recipient of the 1988 Wooster Beach Gold Medal Award for a
significant breakthrough in the basic understanding of the cause and pathophysiology of
Cystic Fibrosis- the gold medal was awarded by the Association of Eclectic Physicians. He
was nominated for a Nobel Prize in Medicine in 1991 by the Association of Eclectic Physicians
for his notable and untiring work with deficiencies of the trace mineral selenium and its
relationship to the congenital genesis of Cystic Fibrosis.

Dr. Wallach has appeared frequently on local and national network television (including
a special with ABC’s 20/20) regional and national talk radio programs as an expert on trace
mineral and rare earth deficiency diseases. Dr. Wallach is also the host of his own talk show
radio program (Let's Play Doctor) in Palm Springs, California every Saturday morning. Because
of his free-wheeling style of humor and ability to zero in on the basic truth in health he is
widely known as the "Rush Limbaugh" of alternative health.

Ma Lan, M.D, M.S.

Dr. Ma Lan was educated in the Peoples Republic of China. Dr. Ma Lan received her
M.D. from Beijing Medical University, took her residency in Peoples Hospital, Beijing and
was a staff surgeon at the Canton Air Force Hospitals for eight years; she received her M.S.
(Master of Science) in transplant immunology from Zhong-Shan Medical University, Canton,
Peoples Republic of China. As with all Chinese doctors, Dr. Ma Lan was trained in Traditional
Chinese Medicine (i.e.- acupuncture, herbs, manipulation, massage and hydrotherapy) prior
to entering the western-style medical school.

Dr. Ma Lan’s research credits include being an exchange scholar at Harvard School of
Medicine, Boston where she trained residents how to perform laser microsurgery; a research
fellow in laser microsurgery at St. Joseph’s Hospital, Houston; the Department of Orthopedic
Microsurgery at the Medical College of Wisconsin, Milwaukee and the Department of
Pharmacology at the University of California. Dr. Ma Lan has ten peer review publications to
her credit in the fields of transplant immunology and microsurgery.

Lastly, Dr. Ma Lan was “sent to the countryside” for three years of hard labor during
the "Cultural Revolution” of China, her crime was “being an educated person and potentially
dangerous to the revolution;” during those hard years of forced labor she was able to quietly
be a doctor during her rest periods for a small farming village in the north of China using only
traditional Chinese Medicine. If all medical doctors were as devoted to their patients as Dr.
Ma Lan is the world would be a wonderful place!

Introduction

This is a book by two physicians and research scientists whose background, training and
experience qualify them uniquely to write for the public as well as the scientific literature to
which they have contributed numerous articles and learned books.

This is also a book that is badly overdue and vital to the welfare of every American from
newborn infants to those of us with grey hair and dentures, both of which we could have
avoided had this information been made available 30 years ago.

In 1985, the National Research Council published its report on “Nutrition Education in
U.S. Medical Schools”. The council's committee on Nutrition Education in Medical School
had carefully surveyed the state of the subject and concluded the “nutrition education
programs in U.S. Medical Schools are largely inadequate to meet the present and future
demands of the medical profession”.

The committee reported that since the middle of this century, the science of nutrition has
advanced far beyond the assumption that overt symptoms of deficiency are the only attributes
of malnutrition and also reported that “amongst recent advances, nutrition research has
elucidated the function, essentiality and interaction of several trace minerals, uncovered the
intricate role of nutrients in the immune response, and demonstrated that dietary factors,
although not the sole determinants, are among lifestyle variables that may significantly
influence the outcome of chronic degenerative diseases such as atherosclerosis and cancer”.

This is all a polite way of saying what many of us who have been involved since the
1950’s and 1960's in the assessment of health care have long observed about the role of the
allopathic medical profession with regard to nutrition.

Medical education since 1950 has inculcated in most of the M.D.’s in practice today, and
active anti-nutritional bias.

The myth that eating of the four food group each day will ensure the average American an
adequate dietary intake of all essential nutrients, while often repeated by physicians trained
since 1960 until the present time, has been increasingly shown to be false and misleading in
the extreme.

For decades, the American Cancer Society loudly proclaimed that nutrition had no role in
either the prevention or treatment of cancer- about 10 years ago, the National Cancer Institute
published its epochal report on Diet, Nutrition and Cancer, proclaiming the pivotal role of
nutrients in cancer in both prevention and treatment.

Unfortunately, most of the M.D.'s in practice lacked sufficient training in nutrition to
comprehend the report or implement it in their practices.

Thanks to the public media, television, newspapers and magazines, as well as several
well-written books, most literate Americans are aware of the pivotal role of nutrition in health
maintenance and disease prevention and treatment, as noted by the National Research Council
in the preface to its report.

Many Americans have also had the unpleasant experience of discovering for themselves
that most M.D.’s are less aware of these factors than are their secretaries and that, at present,
and until sweeping changes are made in medical education, the average M.D. is not a reliable
source of information and advice about nutrition and health.

The average American would do far better to consult a Veterinarian, since Veterinarians
receive an excellent education in nutrition, far more extensive than that of M.D.’s.

In some measure, reading this book serves that purpose since one of its authors, Dr. Joel
Wallach has the distinction of being both a well-trained Veterinarian, indeed, a veterinary
pathologist and a physician, who is cross-trained in both animal and human pathology and
disease- Dr. Wallach is a comparative Pathologist, trained to relate animal disease and nutrition
and human disease and nutrition.

He is an ideal person to give us insight into some of the burning health care issues of
today. Having been trained first as a veterinarian, he came to his training as a Naturopathic
physician already possessed of considerable expertise in the role of nutrients in the prevention
and treatment of diseases.

His stunning discovery of the pivotal rol¢ of a trace mineral, Selenium, in the etiology and
prevention of Cystic Fibrosis while a research veterinary pathologist ultimately led him to
become trained as a Naturopathic physician.

Dr. Wallach was nominated in 1991 for the Nobel Prize in medicine by the Association of
the Eclectic Physicians, may yet receive the Nobel Prize for this accomplishment, but whether
or not his nomination for that honor succeeds, he is certainly deserving of our rapt attention
when he speaks and writes about trace mineral nutrition and health. His lucid insights into
the prevention of degenerative disease and the attainment of health, defined as high level
wellness, should receive the rapt attention of everyone who is interested in getting and staying
healthy in a world and a society that is increasingly unhealthy to live in.

In my 30 plus years of practice as a Health Lawyer, engaged mainly in representing those
courageous physicians and scientists who have attempted to refocus the medical profession’s
attention back to nutrition and natural healing and away from its exclusive preoccupation
with the synthetic pharmaceuticals which are rapidly being demonstrated to cause more

xi

problems than they cure, I have been associated with Dr. Wallach as a friend, a consultant
and a most Jucid and knowledgeable expert witness for court cases on countless occasions
and I emerge from each encounter with him in awe of his intellectual attainments and breadth
of knowledge and insight into health and medicine.

We are facing, we are told by our politicians, a crisis in health care. Political solutions
revolve around juggling insurance coverage and methods of payment for the cost of such
care which, in the United States, has reached the epic sum of One Trillion Dollars this year.

The solution to our health care crisis will not be reached by political debate, mandatory
health insurance, or throwing more money at the problem. The disastrous “War on Cancer”
which has consumed Billions of Dollars and produced no cures and the “AIDS Crises” are
eloquent testimony as to the futility of political solutions to health care problems.

Around a century ago, the government got involved in health care, and health and the
National Budget have been on a collision course with disaster ever since that occurred. In
the 1910 takeover of “scientific medicine,” nutrition, as a part of health care, was relegated
to the status of a red headed, cross-eyed orphan, while the glamour of high tech
pharmaceuticals and genetic engineering have consumed much of the research budget with
results that are becoming all too apparent now- the crisis in health care.

We are told that antibiotics are failing- that more and more bacteria are now antibiotic
resistant- tuberculosis and poliomyelitis are back, other diseases claimed to have been
conquered are returning in more virulent forms. To this must be added the increase in the
rate of degenerative disease, coronary artery disease, cancer, crippling arthritis, diabetes
and AIDS for none of which “scientific medicine” has found real answers.

There may be several causes for these failures but a very basic cause has been the ignoring
of the pivotal role of nutrition in health and disease. Allopathic medicine has an active anti-
nutritional bias - it has resisted acknowledging the role of nutritional deficiency as the etiology
of hundreds of diseases for centuries.

The grudging admission that a few diseases could have a nutritional deficiency etiology
has been won over the loud denials and angry denunciations of allopathic physicians; scurvy,
beri-beri and pellagra are examples of nutritional deficiency diseases which were long held
by allopathic medicine to be infectious and whose discoverers found incredible vilification
for their elucidation of the nutritional deficiency etiology. More modern nutritionist, including
Drs. Ma Lan and Wallach, have fared little better.

Since there is no glamour in the stock market and no large corporate profits to be won
from the manufacture and sale of simple trace nutrients which are unpatentable, there is no
incentive for funding this crucial area of research. But until the attention of both clinical
medicine and medical research is redirected to this basic health problem, we will continue to

xii

face a crisis in health care.

Thanks to three quarters of a century of ‘scientific agriculture’ with the use of synthetic
fertilizers, the soil of our farm lands has been leached of its trace mineral content and our
food supply is often times lacking in these essential nutrients, which are not added back to
the soil.

Drs. Ma Lan and Wallach have presented in this volume a very useful compilation of
current information on trace minerals and trace mineral deficiencies in health and disease.
They have done so in their usual fashion, in both an informative and an entertaining manner.

Their elucidation of the role of trace mineral deficiency in the etiology of violent behavior,
while often times grisly, is provocative. The message is quite clear; until we as a society tum
our attention away from high technology and begin to receive a basic diet containing all
essential nutrients, we will continue to suffer epidemics of both chronic and acute diseases
as well as social problems.

Until we take positive steps to provide our bodies with the basic building blocks of life,
neither our bodies nor our minds will operate at efficient levels, and our health and our
society will continue to deteriorate.

We cannot depend on our politicians and bureaucrats to do this for us - indeed, it is a
result of governmental agricultural programs that our soil is now depleted of the essential
trace minerals of which Drs. Ma Lan and Wallach write so entertainingly. We cannot de-
pend on most of the medical profession to do this for us, they simply have not been trained
to do so.

Health is and always will remain an individual responsibility and one which no amount
of paternalistic government can provide. We can, at best, hope that governmental involvement
in health care will lessen and this is, perhaps, a forlorn hope.

We must set about to learn for ourselves what nutrition is essential and how we as
individuals can secure for ourselves and our families those nutrients which are so essential
for health and life. "RARE EARTHS" is an enormous first step in that direction, and points
the way towards the restoration and maintenance of our health and the realization of our
genetic potential.

All life on earth evolved during the Precambrian era, in the mineral rich Precambrian sea,
and all of the minerals which enriched that Precambrian sea were incorporated in the single
cells which eventually became man, animals and plants.

Those minerals, in the amount occurring in that sea, are essential for life and for the
proper growth, development and function of all life-plant and animal.

xiii

It has taken our civilization a brief three quarters of a century to undo what millions of
years of evolution have provided, a place where men, animals and plants can thrive and lead
a healthy symbiotic existence.

RARE EARTHS: Forbidden Cures, is about what we must do to restore the trace mineral
balance to ourselves and to our environment if we expect to survive another three quarters of
a century of government funded and directed scientific agriculture and health care, and reach
our biological destiny and potential.

Seneca, two thousand years ago, taught us that those who ignore the lessons of history
are doomed to relive them - we had better study the lessons of the past century about the
minerals we have depleted from our soil, our food and our bodies- if we do not, we, as a
species, may not be here to relive them during the coming century.

As Drs. Ma Lan and Wallach, in their dynamic way, teach us here, proper mineral nutrition
is essential to life and even civilization. Look at Rwanda, Haiti, and Somalia and behold the
future of America if we continue to ignore the vital message so lucidly set forth in this book.

RARE EARTHS: Forbidden Cures has led us to the water of knowledge- it's up to us to
pick up the ladle and drink, and drink we must if the human race is to survive.

- WM. H MOORE, M.D., J.D.

xiv

Foreword

"RARE EARTHS" is long overdue. As an investigative reporter and the author of the
best selling book, "Oxygen Therapies," for seven years I have incessantly traveled back and
forth across America and the English speaking world educating large groups of people about
the fact that when properly applied, oxygen therapies are amazingly effective in the treat-
ment of diseases. I've been a guest on over 1,100 radio and television talk shows, and in-
between I've interviewed thousands of people.

The REAL WORLD EVIDENCE I have collected during my travels leads me to an
unshakable conclusion - I have observed the fact that Americans are hurting. America is
sick, and Americans (and everyone else) are slowly dying and suffering from emotional prob-
lems as a result of RAMPANT, WIDESPREAD AND UNRECOGNIZED DEFICIENCIES of
three substances. Oxygen, minerals and clean oxygenated water! These observations are not
just concepts, but the absolute, the most basic elements necessary to life, health and to
happiness.

You must have lots of oxygen at every moment. Try holding your breath if you don't
believe me, you will soon get the picture! Hit yourself. You are solid. You are solid because
you chewed your food, digested it and rendered it down to the basic elements it contained
and then your life force turned them into your body. These elements (which are now your
body and its various chemicals) are floating in an ancient internal sea. Your body is this
ancient sea of 66% water, even your bones are 20% water. The oxygen must be fresh, unpol-
luted and abundant, the minerals must be available in the full spectrum of the essential
variety, and they must be easily absorbed and utilized - they must in fact be plant derived
colloidal minerals!

Two of the top experts on the subject of the absolutely essential bio-available plant
derived colloidal minerals wrote this book you are now about to read. Drs. Ma Lan and
Wallach have "connected the dots" by collecting all of the known information on the defi-
ciency diseases caused by a lack of minerals, trace minerals and Rare Earths under this one
cover and are presenting the information to you dynamically, humorously, and in the easy
reading style for which they have become recognized since the first printing of their ac-
claimed previous work, "Let's Play Doctor!"

Ninety five percent of all chronic and degenerative diseases that afflict humans can
be prevented and cured by giving back to the body the missing basic elements of life. Each of
us must be responsible to keep ourselves healthy, and to cure ourselves when necessary and
stop thinking (and hoping) that authority figures like doctors and our government will take
care of it for us. They won't, they can't, and they don't want to learn how to do it.

xv

[Bee

In the past five years I have come to personally know Drs. Ma Lan and Wallach, since
we often appear in the same venues around the world. I know them to be tireless teachers,
researchers and investigators, crisscrossing America 300 days out of each year to make sure
the timely updated message gets to you. Whether you have a simple disease such as the loss
of the sense of smell or brittle finger nails, or a more serious disease such as arthritis, cancer,
osteoporosis, hypertension, AIDS, depression or have a hyperactive child with Attention
Deficit Disorder, or have a loved one who is prone to violence or destructive behaviors, you
will benefit from "RARE EARTHS."

"RARE EARTHS" can save you an enormous amount of unnecessary misery, save you
an enormous amount of money, and if it's wisdom is applied consistently and correctly, has
every chance of adding many healthful years to your life. If you don't read this book and you
don't apply the simple solutions for the many ailments and conditions it provides, their
resolutions may remain a mystery to you and your doctors, and you will spend years of
wasted energy and lots of money on ultimately useless medications without finding the true
solutions you desire and need. I heartily recommend "RARE EARTHS" to you!

Ed McCabe, Investigative Medical Reporter
Author of the best seller - "Oxygen Therapies"

xvi

Preface

Before written history, it took 100,000 years to double the Earth’s human populations; after the dawn of agriculture, (5,000 to 8,000 years ago) it took 700 years to double the population of human kind; today at the brink of the 21st century, it takes only 35 to 40 years to double our numbers! As a result of this avalanche of flesh, this pulsing crush of beings - the intercultural competition for our human bodily raw materials, the very basic stuff of life, optimal health and longevity has reached a cataclysmic pitch!

Great cults oftentimes called “way of life,” religions or faiths by health leaders or “gurus” with hundreds, thousands or even millions of zealous “followers” and “believers” evangelize vegetarianism, macrobiotics, biofeedback, meditation, exercise, pure thought, yoga and free medical care for all (usually vote-buying politicians!); yet none of these practices have extended the human lifespan in America to more than 75.5 years- only 62% of our human genetic potential for longevity of 120 to 140 years.

The greatest scientific thinkers (usually legends in their own minds) frantically search, explore and grope for ways to “hang on” until some serendipitous “miracle discovery” (usually patentable!) occurs that will save the day.

Physicians (allopathic MD’s) tell us “ the way to health and longevity is in the eating of the four basic food groups,” (an update on this primitive theme is the pyramid of nutrition that hails six food groups), reduce your fat intake and don’t smoke. Those individuals with ultimate faith in the allopathic medical profession pay a great price to have themselves quick frozen in liquid nitrogen (Cryogenic Suspension) to extend their “shelf life” until a cure can be discovered for their terminal disease!!!

The “Immortalists,” an anti-death cult believe that if they disregard death and all of its trappings (i.e.- cemetery plots, burial insurance, etc.) they will not die.

Unfortunately, the entire complement of the 90 essential nutrients required for optimal health and longevity historically found in our Earthly foods are no longer there - they are either totally absent or their availability is so highly variable that your chances of obtaining them from food alone is more of a gamble than a Las Vegas “crap-shoot”!!!

U.S Senate Document 264 (1936) and the 1992 Earth Summit Report (Rio) on mineral depletion rates of the world's farm and range soils point out graphically that our Earth's soils are anemic - the soil should contain 60 of them, there are few or none! Dozens of the sixty formerly abundant soil elements (selenium, arsenic, tin, aluminum, chromium, vanadium, molybdenum, nickel, etc.) were, just a short time ago, thought to be totally toxic with no possibility of essentiality by the allopathic medical profession and they made sure they were not in our food!!! When the four food groups fail us (and they always do), surgeons sell us bionic joint replacements and hawk organ transplants - this bionic parts service and flesh recycling has not pushed back the curtain of death for Americans further than the 75.5 year barrier. The 75.5 year average life span for Americans places us at 17th in longevity when we are compared with the other industrialized nations and this level of boastful “success” falls far short (as much as 50% short) of our human genetic potential for longevity of 120 to 140 years.

The two year long Biosphere II experiment in Arizona concocted by Roy Walford placed six inhabitants (including himself) in a self-contained, self-perpetuating unit, (“Biosphere II”- Earth being Biosphere I) to hedge against environmental disaster or perhaps as a prototype for establishing a pioneer colony on a far flung planet, is romantic but hardly practical for the masses of we poor Earth bound sods.

Walford erroneously believes (through faulty translation of animal data) that severely reduced caloric intake alone can extend human life spans by 30 to 40% (up to 120 to 140 years) - from the earliest reduced calorie/longevity experiments a critical review of the data was necessary to reveal the basic truth - that is, the level of minerals in all of the various low calorie diets (calories reduced by 30, 45, and 60%) regardless of their calorie level remained the same!!!

It is not the reduced calorie level that gave the rats their extended life spans by 30, 40 and 50%, but rather it is the increased concentration of mineral per calorie in the diet!!! Walford was so obsessed with the low calorie theme that he deliberately downplays the relative increase in mineral concentration. Upon their exit from Biosphere II, after their two years self-imposed minimal calorie intake, five of the six Biospherians (excluding Walford) wanted only pizza and junk food (a manifestation of pica)- they also complained that the normally sociable group had broken down into argumentative behavior over everything and over every minor decision!!! In addition, two of the Biospherians a short time after their scheduled exit from the dome illegally broke into steal records- criminal behavior!

We humans require the 90 essential nutrients in our diet daily in optimal levels to not only prevent debilitating developmental and degenerative diseases but also for normal sociability, for preventing criminal behavior (there are now 1,000,000 prisoners in American jails!) and to reach our genetic potential for longevity (the 120 to 140 year mark is ever within our grasp!). We had better “get our shit together” on Earth before we fly off to space stations and find ourselves having “gone a bridge too far” before we truly understand the basic mineral needs of our own emotions and flesh.

The blue chip drive in the 90’s to patent genetically engineered crops (“Frankenstein Food”), enzymes, hormones, bacteria, animals and even humans (identical humans can now be cloned at the embryonic stage - the “Boys from Brazil” are here!!), health and even longevity is a heroic if not greedy effort by our entrepreneurial scientist; however, genetic potential without the basic raw materials to support the process of development and extended maintenance of the flesh is inherently faulty in its premise!!

Expecting genetically engineered flesh to develop, maintain itself, reach its genetic potential for longevity and perform without the basic stuff of life is to expect the Mercedes (famed for its German engineering that allows it to be driven for 300,000 miles before it needs a major overhaul or a new engine) to run from San Diego to L.A. (a distance of 150 miles) at 70 mph without any oil or coolant!!! Even the Mercedes engine, that German wonder of automotive engineering, will become a burned up mass of expensive metal before you could drive 50 miles!!

Allopathic M.D.’s knowing the basic needs of the internal combustion engine rabidly adhere to their Mercedes maintenance program every 1000 miles with the very best motor oil, grease and coolant, yet recommend vigorous exercise for their patients without insisting the patient also take in critically measured levels of the 90 essential nutrients required for human physical, emotional and mental maintenance and even life itself!!!

RARE EARTHS: The Forbidden Cures - will give you facts and proven truths and the knowledge, tools necessary and identify the elemental raw materials of life no longer found in our food; it identifies the raw materials necessary to turbocharge and empower yourself, your families and friends lives with power packed health, vitality and the ability to reach your genetic potential for longevity!!! RARE EARTHS is hard ball - it will shock you by revealing many facts and truths that are 180 degrees from what the allopathic medical community has led you to believe - it is reality that they ( the allopaths) cannot keep you healthy or save you, only those of us who take personal responsibility for maintaining and enriching our physical bodies with as much zeal as we do our Mercedes or “Beamer” are going to make it!!! Your president (or his wife), governor, mayor, councilman, postman, physician or even your spouse can’t do it for you (they can’t even help themselves!!!) - only you, only you !!!

The good news is we do have “control groups” (for a comparison with ourselves) who consistently make it to the end point of the human genetic potential for longevity (120 to 140 years) healthfully with great vitality and without “high tech medicine” or the “skills” of allopathic M.D.’s. This control group has been identified as five ancient and highly diverse cultures with common denominators that include healthful disease free longevity and unlimited access to adequate levels of all 90 essential nutrients required by humans including access to unique natural sources of plant derived colloidal mineral- RARE EARTH!! If you access and plug into the plant derived RARE EARTHS used for thousands of years by certain tribes of Tibetans, Russian Georgians, Armenians, Azerbaijanies, Abkhazians, Hunzakuts, Vilcabambas or the Titicacas you can make it too!!!

- Dr. Joel D. Wallach and Dr. Ma Lan

xix



Chapter 1

GENESIS

It doesn’t matter whether one is a cre-
ationist or a student of evolution - our im-
mediate mutual problem is that the Earth,
our planet is a limited finite resource for
the raw materials that are the basis of all
plant, animal and human life as we know
it.

Living organisms procure their raw ma-
terials of essential elements for reproduc-
tion, development, growth and mainte-
nance and for longevity from a thin blan-
ket of matter and gas on or just above the
Earth’s crust. The relative amounts and
kinds of elements in the Earth’s surface and
from occasional alien meteorites crashing
into Earth have been identified and cata-
loged by actual chemical analysis; elements
in the sun and other stars have been iden-
tified and cataloged by the technique of
spectrometry.

The biblical account of the formation of
Earth accepted by the Jewish and the ka-
leidoscope of Christian faiths is brief, how-
ever, the details need not be there for it to
be true any more than the details are not
necessary when grandma says, “I baked
you a dozen cookies” - you know she se-
lected and ground the whole wheat berries
into flour, sifted the flour, added filtered
water, the aluminum free baking powder,

“There is a grandeur in this view of life, with its
several powers, having been originally breathed into
a few forms or into one; and that, whilst this planet
has gone cycling on according to the fixed law of
gravity, from so simple a beginning endless forms
most beautiful and most wonderful have been and
are being evolved.”

-Charles Darwin
The Origin of Species

butter (yes butter, not margarine), honey,
yeast, chocolate drops and walnuts, took
spoons of the finished cookie dough,
plopped them on a greased cookie sheet
and then baked them into perfectly won-
derful and chewy chocolate chip-walnut
holiday cookies - although she never shared
the details of her activities, we inherently
knew she did!!

The biblical account of the Earths for-
mation (Genesis) goes like this:

“In the beginning God created the
heaven and earth. And the earth was with-
out form, and void; and darkness was upon
the face.of the deep. And the spirit of God
moved upon the face of the water. And God
said, Let there be light; and there was light.
And God saw the light, that it was good:
and God divided the light from the dark-
ness. And God called the light day, and
the darkness He called night. And the
evening and the morning were the first day.
And God said, Let there be a firmament in
the midst of the waters, and let it divide the
waters from the waters. And God made the
firmament and divided the waters which
were under the firmament from the waters
which were above the firmament; and it was
so. And God called the firmament Heaven.

And the evening and the morning were the
second day. And God said, Let the waters
under the heaven be gathered together un-
der one place, and let the dry land appear:
and it was so. And God called the dry land
Earth; and the gathering together of the
waters called the seas: and God saw that it
was good. And God said, Let the Earth
bring forth grass, the herb yielding seed,
and the fruit tree yielding fruit after his kind,
whose seed is in itself, upon the Earth: and
it was so.”

Like grandma’s cookies we don’t need
to know the details to appreciate the fact
that the Earth or the steaming delicious
chocolate chip cookies appeared miracu-
lously before us to see, smell and savor!!

The only scientific chemical theory of
the origin of the Earth and its elements was
crystallized by E.M. Burbridge in 1957 -
according to his theory, all of the Earths
elements can be built up electron by elec-
tron from hydrogen gas; hydrogen atoms in
space condense together by gravitational
attraction into clouds of gas which ulti-
mately condense into stars.

The Burbridge theory goes on to say -
as the atoms of hydrogen are attracted to
each other, the resultant gravitational en-
ergy is converted into heat which is retained
in the interior of an embryonic star. As there
would be no loss of heat from the interior
of the young star except by radiation; the
interior temperature of the star steadily rises
as the star attains mass. When the stars
internal temperature has risen to 5 to 10
million degrees Kelvin, thermonuclear re-
actions ignite resulting in a conversion of
hydrogen (H) into helium (He).
For massive stars, the conversion of the
total hydrogen core into helium generates
a huge quantity of energy and would re-
quire a million years; for smaller cooler

stars, such as our sun, the H to He conver-
sion might take as long as 6,000,000 years.

At temperatures of one trillion degrees
Kelvin the helium molecules react exother-
mically to become "C (a form of carbon)
initiating chain reactions resulting in the
genesis of new minerals:

“He — HEAT —> ?C + 73MeV
2C — ‘He —> "0 — ‘He —>
20Ne — *He —> Mg
4Me—‘He —> #*Si — ‘He —>
2S — ‘He —> **Ar

s*Ar — *He —> *°Ca

Because of the limits of the laws of en-
ergetics the thermonuclear formation of
mineral nuclides stops here, although “Ca
and **Ti could be generated. At this level of
star formation few nuclides have individu-
alized and the heavier minerals are still
absent. At 2 X 1,000,000,000 degrees Kelvin
free neutrons are formed by the combina-
tion of *4Ne and ‘He —> *4 Mg + In (neu-
tron). The ?!Ne is formed in the outer
reaches of the star from:

?°Ne + 1H —> ?!'Na —>?!Ne + B+.

As all of the heavier minerals and ele-
ments are synthesized, neutrons are
snagged slowly, i.e.- one every thousand
years forming bismuth and the lighter ra-
dioactive elements.

Rapid neutron capture takes place at
extremely high temperatures (5 x
10,000,000,000 degrees kelvin); at these
high heat conditions mineral or crystal
“growth “ occurs rapidly and any given
nucleus will capture 2 to 20 neutrons per
second. This reaction follows a much dif-
ferent result from the slow neutron capture,
as they capture additional neutrons before
decay of the original ones occurs resulting
in some very heavy elements such as

wee
PREREELED

Californicum.

Energetically, the final result of heating
any nuclei above 5 x 10,000,000 degrees
Kelvin is the formation of *Fe, as this is
the most stable nucleus. If the new star is
small it converts much of its core to iron
and becomes a “ White Dwarf “ which
cools. The larger stars convert their cores
to iron in seconds; the resulting change in
density generates a catastrophic implosion
of the core and an outer explosion known
as a “Supernova.”

“Supernovae” are very rare, actual as-
tronomical observations indicate they oc-
cur about once every 300 years in each
galaxy; however, they are extremely impor-
tant in the genesis of the individual ele-
ments.

The Supernova explosion flings a large
amount of new matter into space where the
heavy elements condense in the clouds of
gas constituting new stars or they may be
attracted to and captured by the gravity of
ancient stars. Trace levels of deuterium,
lithium, beryllium and boron are due to the
rapid consumption of the minerals by
nuclear reactions. The relatively high lev-
els of the alpha nuclei '°O is a result of the
great stability of the nuclei towards addi-
tional nuclear reactions. Eighty per cent of
the Earth’s crust consists of the four alpha
- nuclides : '°O, 2*Mg, Si, and *°Ca.

The quantative peak centered on **Fe
is caused by maximum nuclear binding
energy; the main nuclides comprising this
peak are titanium, vanadium, chromium,
manganese, iron, cobalt and nickel - all of
which tend to be very common in the
Earth's crust and molten core.

During slow neutron capture Zr, “Ba
and *°*Pb are formed. During rapid neutron-
capture the life of radionuclides are very
brief with N=50 (i.e.*° Zn, *' Ga, * Ge, ® As,

and * Se), N=82 (i.e. "*Mo, '*Te, 'Ru,
27Rh, 128pd, 29Ag9, 130 Cd, BI; 132Sm) and
N=126 (i.e. Ce and '*Er). These nuclides
decay and through loss of beta particles
form ®Se, * Kr, '24Sn, Xe and '*W to Pt.

Stable isotopes of Al, Cl, Cu, Ga, K, P,
Pr, Ta and Y arose from slow neutron-cap-
ture, whereas those of Ag, Au, Br, I, Ir, Ho,
Rh, Tb, Th, Tm, and U are formed by rapid
neutron - capture.

Burbridge’s theory of the origin of the
stars and the Earth, to say the least, is com-
plex, detailed and controversial; some re-
searchers support his theory of the conden-
sation of hot gases with the subsequent
transmutation of one element to another;
others favor an accretion of cold gases. The
technique of radiodating puts the Earth’s
genesis or “birth” at 4 to 5 billion years ago.
One billion years equals an aeon. Regard-
less of which basic theory is believed, bib-
lical or “big bang,” all must agree that the
geochemical fractionation of the Earth’s el-
ements continues even today although at
an almost imperceptible snail’s pace and
that the Earth is still not in geochemical
equilibrium.

Radioactive dating is a powerful method
of measuring relative geologic time. It has
been employed in the estimate that the
Earth is 4.5 to 5 billion years of age. Even
with radioactive dating techniques the em-
bryologic stages of terrestrial development,
including the accumulation of the great iron
core and the genesis of the relatively light
and movable land masses, have remained
obscure because of the numerous events (
ie. thermal and geochemical) that can re-
set the “radioactive clock.”

As land masses float, migrate and relo-
cate across the Earth’s surface, the elements
on the ocean floor sink and recycles into
the hot interior of the mantle and core;

when land masses are forced into each
other mountain ranges are born. Molten
elements find their way through the conti-
nental faults, frequently breaking to the
surface as lava. Over time, wind and water
erosion wears off the mountains and results
in mineral rich silt and sediments being
swept into valleys, creeks, rivers and oceans
where they eventually are returned to the
Earth’s mantle. Periodic floods historically
enriched the soil of the flood plains and
“bottom land” with life-giving mineral rich
silt that accumulated for millions of years.

Geophysicists use a variety of tools and
techniques to date the elements of the Earth
and track it’s continued development; these
tools have strengths and weaknesses, but
they have the same basic goal of recording
the relative abundance of a radioactive iso-
tope and the subsequent non-radioactive
isotope, that it decays into. Each radioac-
tive isotope eventually decays into a final
stable product and by knowing the relative
rate of decay for each isotope and assum-
ing you start at zero, one can draw a con-
clusion of how long the decay final prod-
ucts have been accumulating ina rock. In-
vestigators, who wish to date rocks prefer-
entially examine isotopes of uranium as
uranium decays into stable lead - leading
to the name “the uranium-lead method” of
dating. Zircon crystals are the common
source of radiodating material. The useful
zircon crystals are found in granitic rocks,
metamorphic rocks, volcanic rocks and in
silt or sediment resulting from erosion of
those rocks. As zircon crystals resist heat
and weathering by wind and water, they
usually survive intact in rocks that have
undergone multiple metamorphic episodes.

A concern with the uranium-lead radio-
active dating is that rocks subjected to ex-
treme heat can lose significant quantities

PERLELEED
ESSE

of lead, thereby “resetting” the radioactive
geologic clock. In 1956 George W. W.
Wetherill, of the Carnegie Institute invented
a process to minimize the dating flaws of
the uranium-lead method. His technique
counts on the fact that there are two radio-
active isotopes of uranium-uranium 238
and uranium 235. Each of the two isotopes
of uranium decays into its own stable form
of lead-U238 becomes lead 206 and U235
becomes lead 207; therefore, investigators
can estimate a rocks age from the relative
amounts of two separate materials.

In undisturbed zircon crystals a com-
parison of the abundance of the two ura-
nium-lead abundance ratios intersect a
curve known as the Concordia curve; these
intersect locations on the curve estimate the
age of each crystal. Zircon crystals from
Mount Nanyer (Australia) are estimated to
be 4.1 to 4.2 billion years old. Zircon crys-
tals from the Acasta gneiss (Canada ) are
thought to have crystallized 3.96 billion
years ago. Of special interest is the fact that
the Acasta gneiss is a small clump of meta-
morphic rocks southeast of Great Bear Lake
in the Canadian Northwest Territories. It is
estimated that the Acasta gneiss is the meta-
morphosed result of the oldest known in-
tact solid rock on the Earth’s surface.

The scary part of all this dating data is
evidence that the total volume of continen-
tal crust in existence before 4 billion years
was “minuscule”. At the projected rate of
Earth’s population growth (12 billion by the
year 2050), we will outstrip or outrace the
Earth's ability to create and place additional
silt (minerals) in our farm soil. Four billion
years is too long to wait for the next batch
of cookies!!!!

Additional studies of the relative abun-
dance of isotopes of neodymium, strontium
and lead in continental and oceanic crusts

RELEEED

show that little more than trivial amounts
of land mass crust existed before 4 billion
years ago. 3.8 billion years ago the Earth’s
mantle separated into the lighter and
heavier components, realigning the raw ma-
terials from which continents formed.
Continental growth picked up speed and
continued at a “rapid” pace until 2.5 bil-
lion years ago.

The Earth’s more recent geological his-
tory (less than 1.3 billion years) is investi-
gated by the “potassium-argon” method.
Potassium 40, a rare radioisotope of potas-
sium decays to a stable form of argon - ar-
gon 40, a heavy form of the inert gas argon
which has a half life of 1.3 billion years. By
determining the accumulation of argon 40
in potassium rich rocks an estimate of when
the rock became solid can be proposed.
This method is particularly useful for stud-
ies of the Earth’s development (and decay)
over the last 500 million years.

Three major segregations of the Earth’s
elements can easily be recognized; initially
the primal Earth, heated by the radioactive
decay process separated into three onion -
like concentric layers:

We have limited indirect data on the

The CRUST

The MANTLE

EARTH

RAD

Earth’s core and mantle, which in fact make
up most of the Earth’s solid mass; the crust
on the other hand has been intimately
probed, analyzed, gouged and extracted.

The Earth’s crust is cooled and solid,
whereas the inner layers of the mantle and
core are in various states of molten (magma)
minerals which are on occasion ejaculated
to the surface of the planet by volcanos.
When the Earth’s crust was initially cool-
ing it separated into a series of minerals,
crystallizing into igneous rocks in a defi-
nite order, the by-products being liquid
water and gaseous nitrogen which formed
the great oceans and seas and the nitrogen
that makes up the majority of our atmo-
sphere.

Origin of Some Essential Elements of
Earth:
The igneous rocks continue to slowly

Element Origin

Spalletion in star atmostsphere

C 99% helium fusion; 1 % proton -
capture

Ca 99 % alpha - capture; 4 % slow
neutron capture

Cl slow neutron capture
Co high temperature nuclear fusion
Cu slow neutron capture :

Fe high temperature nuclear fusion

H “primal (or Gods work)

| rapid neutron capture

K slow neutron capture

77 % alpha-capture; 23 % slow
neutron capture

Table Continues on Next Page

[Baas

Composition of soils!

Table 1-1
Element Mean ppm dry soil (range)
Ag 0-1 (0-01-5)
Al 71000 (10000-300000)
As 6 (0-1-40)
B 10 (2-100)
Ba 500 (100-3000)
Bo 6 (0-1-40)
Be 5 (1-10)
c 20000
Ca 13700 (7000-50000)
Cd 0-06 (0-01-0-7)
Co
cl
Co
Cr
Cs
Cu 20 (2-100)
¥ 200 (30-300)
Ke 38000 (7000-550000)
Ga 30 (0-4-300)
Ge 1 (1-50)
ue 6
Ug 0-03 (0-01-0-3)
1 5
K 14000 (400-30000)
La 30 (1-5000)
Li 30 (7-200)
My 5000 (600-6000)
Mn 850 (100-4000)
Mo oR
N 1000 (200-2500)
Na 6300 (750-7500)
Ni 40 (10-1000)
C) 490000
P 650
Pb 10 (2-200)
Ra 8x 10-7 (3-20 x 10-7)
Rb 100 (20-600)
s 700 (30-900)
Sb (2-102)
Se 7 (10-25)
So 0-2 (0-01-2)
Si 330000 (250000-350000)
Sn 10 (2-200)
Sr 300 (50-1000)
Th 5 (0-1-12)
vi 6000 (1000-10000)
1 O1
U 1 (0-9-9)
Vv 100 (20-500)
Y 50 (25-250)
Zn 50 (10-300)
Zr 300 (60-2000)

TTho figuroa refer to ovenslried aoila, Soily soar
ininoral dopnsits have been omitted in computing
ranges. Tusufficient data aro availablo for Ag, Bo,
Ca, Co, Cs, Ge, Hf, Hg, La, Sb, Sn, Tland U, and
tho values quoted for theso clomonts may require
rovision,

high temperature nuclear fusion

60 % slow/20 % fast rapid neutron
capture; 20% proton capture

proton capture by 12 C

slow neutron capture; proton capture

96-99 % alpha-capture; 0.04 %
proton capture

slow neutron capture

95 % alpha capture; 5 % slow
neutron capture

85 % rapid/14 % slow neutron
capture; 1 % proton capture

| 92 % alpha capture; 8 %
neutron capture

9.5 % slow/ 0.5 % rapid
neutron capture

decompose or are slowly destroyed or dis-
solved by physical (heating or freezing),
chemical ( acid rain, soil ph, etc. ) or bio-
logical processes (microorganisms, plant
roots and lichens ). The universal solvent,
water, aided by various natural solutes, by
microorganisms, higher plants, sand blasted
by wind, frost splitting or the weight of gla-
cial ice denude and “digest” all exposed
rock surfaces into mineral rich “rock flour,”
dust and silt. These silts and mineral prod-
ucts of degradation (Table 1-1) are swept
into the rivers (Table 1-2), then to the
oceans and seas (Table 1-3) forming sedi-
ments on the floors of the rivers and oceans.

Subaquatic sediments are slowly com-
pressed forming sedimentary rocks through
a process known as diagenesis. Continen-

Ed

tal migration has elevated some of these
sedimentary rocks forming large land
masses. These sedimentary deposits are
deeply buried and at great depths are sub-
ject to enormous heat and pressure pro-
ducing metamorphic rocks. The resultant
Biosphere I or Earth is almost a perfect
sphere or globe, with 71 % of its surface
covered by water (i.e. - oceans, seas, lakes,
rivers and streams ) which is a dilute solu-
tion of every mineral on Earth !!

The Earth’s crust is thinnest and the
mantle most accessible in the central Pa-
cific region near Hawaii. The lava (originat-
ing from the Earth's mantle) from Hawai-
ian volcanoes cools and solidifies into dun-
ite. Dunite is an igneous rock consisting pri-
marily of the mineral olivine which is an
impure magnesium silicate (which is why
Hawaiian rain forests are so green and lush
- the magnesium is part of the chlorophyll
molecule).

The Earth’s core is not accessible to our
current technology and therefore direct
scrutiny, but is believed to be primarily iron
with two to three percent nickel. The pri-
mary geochemical consequences of these
first events is that the Earth’s crust is rela-
tively depleted of iron and related elements
(i.e. - Co, Cr, Ir, Mo, Ni, Os, Pd, Pt, Rb, Ru,
and V) and probably in magnesium.

Chemical analysis of meteorites shows
that they are iron contaminated with car-
bon, sulphur and phosphorous suggesting
the high probability that such minerals are
also contaminants of the Earth’s iron core.

Olivine (Mg,SiO,) forms first and sinks
to the bottom of the melt during the pro-
cess of magmatic crystallization; four iron
salts, forming the minerals pyrrhotite (FeS),
magnetite (Fe,O,), chromite (FeCrO,) and
ilmenite (FeTiO, )crystallize out second. Iron
pyrrhotite is the most abundant of the four,

Table 1-2

=}—__—

Elementary composition of soil solutions and river waters in ppm!

Soil solution? River water?
Element Median «Range Median Rango
Ag 0-00013 0-00001-0-0035
al 024 0-01-25
Ar 06
As 0-004 <0-0004-0:23
Au <0-00006
B 0-03-10 0-013 0-01-1
Ba 0-054 0-009-0-15,
Be 0-001 0-0001-0-001
Be <0-001-0-01 0-021 0-005-140
C (HCO3-) 4 2-7 uN 6-19
Ca 32 1-60 (-1500) 15 4-120
Ca 0-08
cl 10 7-50 (-8000) 78 5-35
Co 0-009 < 0-006
Cr 0-00018 0-0001-0-08
Cs 0-0002 0-00005-0-0002
Cu 0-01-0-06 0-01 0-0006-0-4
F 0-09
Fe 0-1-0-25 (-25) 0-67 0-01-14
Ga <0-001
llg 0-00008
I 001 0-002
K 35 1-31 (-400) 23 14-10
Li 0-0011 0-00007-0-04
Mg 25 0-7-100 (-2400) 41 1-5-6
Mn (-800) 0-012 0-00002-0-13
Mo 0-000035, <0-007
N (NO3-) 0 0-01-0-3
Na 5 9-30 (-3500)
Ni ul
P 0-005 0-001-30 0-005,
Pb 0-005, 0-0006-0-12
Ra 39x 10-10
Rb 0-0015 < 0-008
Rn 1-7 x 10715
s 5 <3-5000 37 0-9-30
Se 0-001-3 <0-02
8i 0-56-12 6-5 2-12
Sn 0-00004
Sr <0} 0-08 0-003-0-8
Th 0-00002
Ti <0-07 0-0086 <O1L
U 0-001 0-00002-0-05
v 0-001 < 0-007
Zn 1-0-3 0-01 0-0002-1
be 00026 0-00005-0-022

1 Many elementa vary in abundance in river water seasonally (0.g. Si) or even from day
to day (0.g. Mn). Abnormal ranges are given in parentheses.

* Swaine (1955), Wiklandor (1958), Vinogradov (1959), Fried and Shapiro (1961), Barber

1963), Bowen and Cawese (1965).

gstono (1963a), Durrum and Haffty (1963).

Table 1-3

PeRREELED
eee
‘Tho elements in sea water
time Percentage
Elenent Chemical form ppm (years x 1000) reten
Ag Agt -0008 2100 4
Al oor or o-00001
Ar Ar 06 0
As ASH? 00% os
Au Aunty 000011 5a ‘
Bw BOU)s 44 46
Bo Butt 003 st 1-006
Bo 0-0000006 wis c-onon2
Bi 0.000007 45 wor
Bro Br 65
© COsH-, organic ¢ 28
ca Cate 400 son
cd Ca? 00011 500 we
«i 0.0004 wl © 00105
cl” Ge 1000 13000
€o Cott 000027 1s o-our
o 0-00005 0:35 -onvos
Ca Get 0.0005 40 out
Cu Cutt 0-003 50 0-005
F r 13 02
Fe Fe(OH)s oor om wo00016
Ga 0-00003 mM 0002
Ge Ge(OH)s 00007 7 oot
" 10, Joso00 isso
Me He ¢-8000069 20000 005
ue <0-000008 <0 00024
Hy 1tgeh?- 0-003 42 ny
1 1, 103-2 o-0% ia
In <002
K K+ 380. Tuow 16
Kr kr 0-00 10
Ln 0.000012 Os 0-009
i Lit os 20000 075
Mg Mgt 1300 000 ol
Mn? 0-002 M4 0.0002
Moo. our 500 o6
Organie N, NOs, Nila’ 05 25 220
Nn 1500 260000 40
o-00001 0. 000004
Ne 00014 2
Nit 0-054 18 0-005
Oy, Oo, 57000 Wit
rou 0.07 0-006
2x 10-9 O13
o-n000% 2 0-000002
Gxtou 0-006
one 270 or
x ote or
885) 300
00033 ous

< p-000005 < 0.00002

00009 O16
SiOH)s 3 8 0-001
0-008 100) ol
srt 81 I9gn00, 19
<< O05, < 00001
1.00005 (85, 0-005,
0-001 016 0.00002
vit < 0.00001 < 0.002
VOL(COa)a4 0.003 500 or
VOsHa? oon 0 0-001
Wo 0-001 1 0-006
x (000052 300
0.0003 TS 0-008
O01 180 0-01

6-00

63), Goldberg (11965), Sehutz, aud Purekian (19605),

0-000012

f eeeeeeeen
eeeeeetee

as it carries down with it considerable phos-
phorus and the elements joined with insoluble
sulfides (i. e. - cobalt, copper, nickel and zinc).
The bulk of the magma solidifies next sequen-
tially forming a series of rocks that contain
lower amounts of iron and magnesium, but
with elevated levels of potassium, silicon and
sodium.

The first rocks to be identifiable are gab-
bros, second the diocites and lastly the
granites, all of which are different collec-
tions of silicate minerals, of which feldspar
constitutes 60 %. Feldspars are primarily
aluminosilicates of calcium, potassium and
sodium with numerous elemental contami-
nants. Quartz (Si O,) is a very pure mineral
crystal; smaller amounts of accessory min-
erals are formed next (i. e. - Ca, {F OH }
(PO,), ), chalcopyrite (Cu Fe S,), fuorite (Ca
F,), monazite (Ce PO,), titonite (Ca Ti {
O,OH, F} SiO,), xenotime (YPO,) and zir-
con (Zr Si O,).

The trace minerals and rare earths are
deposited in cracks and fissures left in the
cooling rocks already solidified resulting in
rocks called pegmatites; these elements
have ions that are either too large (i. e. -
Au, Cs, Hg, Nb, Sb, Ta, Th and U) or too
small (i. e. - B, Be and Li) to fit into the
crystal lattice formed earlier. Many of these
minerals are highly soluble in water and are
therefore leached out to be recycled many
times in a specific area. As rocks weather,
all the rock conglomerate of minerals are
leached out leaving residues of several re-
sistant oxides (Al2 O,, FeO,, SiO,, TiO, and
ZrO,). All the elements readily dissolve in
rain water and are eroded into streams, riv-
ers and oceans where they are precipitated
again by chemical or biological systems.

Clays constitute a large portion of the
oceans sediments. The clays of the Atlan-
tic Ocean consist largely of kaolinite in

tropical latitudes and illite in temperate lati-
tudes. Aluminum, iron and silica in aque-
ous solutions readily form tiny particles of
colloidal proportions which usually precipi-
tate out as inorganic “clay” found in sea
beds and various types of soils.

Clay particles have a great affinity for
potassium and less for sodium although
these two ions are found in equal amounts
in igneous rocks. They are easily leached
out but potassium is selectively held by clay
which results in the elevated sodium levels
in sea and ocean water. In many tropical
rain forests silica is leached faster than alu-
minum or iron, therefore the residual soils
are mainly hydrous oxides of aluminum
and iron.

Large quantities of silica (Si O,) are pre-
cipitated out as “sand” from solution in
the ocean by diatoms (plankton), di-
noflagellates and protozoa which form their
cell walls from silica. Manganese nodules
(0.1-10 cm dia) are common in marine sedi-
ment. The oxides of iron and manganese
may also be precipitated by bacteria in acid
fresh water bogs.

Iron sulfide (FeS,) is formed in anaero-
bic marine sediments by direct bacterial
reduction of sulfate to sulfide or by bacte-
ria which release hydrogen sulfide which
precipitates with Fe, Co, Cu, Mo, Ni, Zn,
etc. from solution in sea water. These con-
ditions are found in the Black Sea and nu-
merous Norwegian fjords. Calcium carbon-
ate (Ca CO,) or limestone is precipitated in
warm shallow waters by living organisms.
So much carbon dioxide is removed from
water by aquatic photosynthesis by algae
that calcium carbonate often precipitates
chemically; it is also secreted by red algae,
corals and molluscs.

Strict biolithes (minerals or “stones” de-
rived from living organisms) include peat,

10

=

eee

humus (including humic shale), and petro-
leum. They are initially formed by chemi-
cal reduction of dead plants and plankton
by bacteria under anaerobic conditions.
Algal limestones and diatomaceous silica
usually are classed with the biolithes:

Diagenetic Changes
Residual oxides > sandstone

Clay > shale
tron sulphide > pyrite
Ca carbonate ———-> limestone or dolomite
Peat > coal
Petroleum > asphalt
Metamorphism
Sandstone > Quarizite
Shale > Slate, Schist or Gnesis
Limestone > Marble
Coal > Graphite

“Soil,” in its infinite number of forms, is
the last part of the geological genesis puzzle
- it is basically the product of climate and
the effects of living organisms upon rocks;
its physical nature and chemical composi-
tion (Table 1-1) is determined by the make
up of the parent rock in a particular loca-
tion and by the natural forces attacking
them. As a rule of thumb regions with simi-
lar climates have like types of soils, but each
type of soil has numerous variations related
to the underlying rock, topography or veg-
etation.

Soil structure is comprised of three dis-
tinct layers:

A: Humus or decomposed plant
material - this is the “organic” layer
of the soil (“top soil”); usually the
mineral elements are rapidly lost by
the leaching affects of water, rain, ir-

1

tigation, “mining” by plant growth
(wild and cultivated) and acid rain.

B: Sand and accumulations of
some of the mineral elements
leached from layer A.

C: Subsoil, gravel or parent rock

Soil is a dynamic “living” environment,
an ecosystem unto itself, the health of
which we are all dependent upon for our
own health and longevity - Frances Moore
Lappe said it very well, “ If you eat, you’re
involved in agriculture.“

Coarse inorganic particles with a diam-
eter greater than 0.0002 cm contribute from
5 to 90 % of the dry weight of most soil and
may be separated into gravel, sand and silt
depending upon particle size and charac-
ter.

Colloidal inorganic particles have a di-
ameter of less than 0.0002 cm; they can be
separated by mass or size in a water col-
umn. Inorganic colloidal particles usually
comprise less than 10 to 80 % of the dry
weight of soils and are responsible for soils
color, texture and ion-exchange properties.

The soil solution, or water held in soil
capillaries which contains dissolved mat-
ter can be extracted by centrifugation and
may comprise as much as 50 % of healthy
soil by weight. The soil solution is impor-
tant as a media for the propagation of mi-
croorganisms and as an efficient medium
for the rapid growth of plant rootlets.

The soil atmosphere is comprised of
various gases in equilibrium with the soil;
it can be measured by use of a vacuum
pump and may constitute up to 50 % of
healthy soil by volume.

The actual organic matter in soil is very
difficult to separate from the colloidal inor-

Seeestse

ganic matter in the soil; it is usually found
as 1 to 50 % of the dry weight of soil and
rarely up to 90 %. Organic matter in the
soil primarily originates from plant debris
and dead microorganism (i.e.-bacteria and
fungi).

The living organisms in the soil are of
infinitely greater numbers and varieties than
those species found on top of the soil. Soil
organisms are for the most part unicellular,
however, worms can be important in exca-
vating minerals from subsoils and bring
them to the Earth’s upper layers in their
manure or digestive “casts”. Worms also
carry plant debris from the surface of the
Earth into the humus layer where micro -
organisms feed upon them. Micro - organ-
isms make up 0.1 to 0.2 % of soil by weight.
Soil microorganisms, although small in per-
centage of total weight of the soil are indis-
pensable for soil formation and for the regu-
lation process of ph (acid balance), nitro-
gen fixing (fertilization) and oxidation po-
tentials.

Fossils of 11 species of microorganisms
including bacteria and blue-green algae
have been identified in the 3.5 billion year
old rocks of western Australia. It is thought
that “life “ began and failed many times be-
fore these “false starts” finally took hold,
survived and finally flourished. These starts
of “life” appear to have begun in ocean floor
cracks called hydrothermal vents (under-
water hot geysers) that contain little known
ecosystems populated by unique heat tol-
erant Organisms.

These “hot world” ecosystems of the sub
oceanic geysers contain giant tube worms,
blind shrimp and sulfur-consuming mi-
crobes that are the closest living relatives
to the first recognizable living microorgan-
isms on Earth. It is of interest to note that
the only other surviving ancient life forms

that old are microorganisms living today in
the dry land steam geysers like those found
in Yellowstone’s Octopus Springs.

The “hot world” theory for the begin-
ning of life has many scientific supporters.
“The hotter it is, the easier life is “ says
Everett Shock, a graduate from Washing-
ton University. One serious question re-
mains - did the organisms of the first known
life forms on Earth originate on the surface
of the ocean and the surviving species
drifted or migrated to the geysers for pro-
tection against “killer events” on the
ocean's surface or did they originate as life
forms in the cracks in the ocean floor?

Minerals are intimately involved in the
theory of “ life began in the ocean “ or
“warm pond” as Darwin thought. The mul-
titude of minerals and elements in sea bed
clay are thought to be the precursors of
RNA (living strings of specialized amino
acids that are able to replicate themselves).
The theory goes on to postulate that the
surface bubbles on the ocean (5 % of the
oceans surface is bubbles at any single
moment ) is the laboratory where “life”
began - it is a fact that the membrane of
the bubble, that iridescent biochemical
wonder lab that makes up the bubble wall
concentrates minerals and organic chemi-
cals essential to life such as Rare Earths,
trace minerals, copper, zinc and phosphate
salts. All ocean surface bubbles burst, and
as they burst they ejaculate the mineral
soup concentrate into the atmosphere that
interfaces with the water's surface.

Ultraviolet light catalyzed energy syn-
thesis is similar to higher plant photosyn-
thesis and when it is available and in con-
tact with the mineral soup concentrate from
the burst bubbles “life” can ignite just as
flint and steel provides the spark to ignite

12

eeaeeeeeD

dry tender !!

Only two groups of organic molecules
can spontaneously copy themselves, RNA
(ribonucleic acid) and DNA (deoxyribo-
nucleic acid). Like enzymes (proteins that
do work) RNA and DNA (Table 1-4.) are
long unbranched molecules made up of
nucleotide subunits, and like amino acids
can be organized easily from uncomplicated
inorganic molecules.

The nucleotides have side chains known
as “bases,” but there are only four common
ones and they are found in nature as two
pairs, each with a strong electrochemical
attraction for each other. As the “bases” in
a chain of RNA attract their mirror coun-
terpart from a solution, a complimentary
sequence is built that can separate from the
original “parent” RNA; when this new
complementary molecule attracts its mirror
sequence of “bases” an exact likeness of
the original RNA chain is manufactured.

RNA is considered by many to be the
first “living” molecule because it acts as a
catalyst like an enzyme as well as replicat-
ing. RNA models point to a geometric struc-
ture that folds back on itself every three
bases forming a series of “notches”. Each
notch has a negative charge on one side
and a positive charge on the other - just the
correct geometry to capture 20 or so free
amino acids alternatively by the “head” or
“tail” and become an amino acid complex
known as a protein. The side chains of the
amino acids projects into the areas between
the bases.

A “condensing agent,” a molecule that
removes water, such as a polyphosphate (a
complex of a mineral with the organic mol-
ecule) joins the amino acid; when the envi-
ronmental conditions became dry the re-
sultant product is a reproducible protein.

RNA alone could not produce life as we

ceeeeeeee

know it; however, evidence shows that RNA
did come together with a dead-ended pro-
tein and intertwined together they became
“life.”

Whether or not this “life beginning” was
an accident of chance or the gift of the lov-
ing hand of God molding the clay will prob-
ably be argued forever.

We have observed the paleontological
path of life’s beginnings; we have catego-
rized and catalogued the “Age of Inverte-
brates;” the “Age of Fishes;”; the “Age of
Reptiles;” the “Age of Mammals;” and the
grand finale - the” Age of Man.”

Life as we know it is not the “Age of
Man;” it is not even the “Age of Insects” - it
was “in the beginning,” it is presently and
it will always be until the sun explodes and
dies the “Age of Bacteria.”

Bacteria began the great trek 3.5 billion
years ago, they have been ultimately suc-
cessful - they endure a wide range of bio-
chemical environments and cannot be
“nuked” into extinction; they overshadow
all other organisms in numbers and spe-
cies variety. The numbers of Escherichia
coli bacteria alone in the bowels of one
human being surpass the numbers of all
humans that have ever lived!!!

Fossilized sediments in 3.5 billion year
old chert and lava formations show that our
early sea water was not made up of miner-
als from erosion but rather from circulation
of water through the hot water vents in the
floor of the sea - the atmosphere was rich
in carbon dioxide and contained little if any
oxygen - life as we know it did not exist.

The early Earth organisms were anaero-
bic bacteria whose fossilized remains are
permanently imprinted in chert and
stomatolites (layered domed-shaped forma-
tions created by megacolonies of
cyanobacteria). These anaerobic organisms

13

Table 1-4

ppm elemonts in dry nuclei, DNA and mitochondria from mammalian tissues +2

Isolating Nuelonr

Element solution Nuclei DNA

Al Aqueous —-170 (1) D

Ca —_Non-aqueous 13600 (6) W

Ca Aqueous 210 (2) D, T

Cl Aqueous

Co Aqueous —0-46 (1) S

Cu Aqueous 7 (2) D, T 10 (2) St

Fe Aqueous —-140 (2) D, T 130 (1) St

K —_Non-aqueous 20400 (3) I

K Aqueous —-8000 (4) I, T

Mg Non-aqneous 800 (6) W

Mg Aqueous —70-1100 (2) D, T

Mn Aqueous 1-173) D, L, T 5-2 (2) St

N Aqueous —128000 Sp. 136000 Lo

Na Non-aqueous 6300 (3) I

Na Aqueous 830-2100 (4) I, T_ 370 (2) St

P —_Non-aqueous 25000 (6) W 82000 Lo

P Aqueous

S Aqueous —-1500 Sp

Zn Aqueous —3-140 (3) D, H, T 95 (1) St

Mitochondria

260-2800 (3) Sr, 'T, Ho
500 (1) Ho

18 (1) T
230 (1) T

1000-7400 (4) Ho, M, Sr, T
330-6000 (3) Ho, Sr, T
11(1)'T

110000 Sp

190-810 (4) Ho, M, Sr, T
3100 (1) Ho

39 (1) T

1 Roforences for Table 5.10:
D—Dounce and Boyer, 1948
H—Heath, 1949

Ho—Honda and Schwartz, 1956

I—Itoh and Schwartz, 1956
L—Lang et al., 1951
Lo—Long, 1961

M—Macfarlane and Spencer, 1953

S—Siobert, et al., 1961
Sp—Spector, 1956a
Sr—Spector, 1953

St—Stehlik and Altmann, 1963
T—Thiers and Vallee, 1957
W—Williamson and Gulick, 1944

2 Figures in brackets are the number of analyses on which the quoted range or mean is
based. Note the difference between the contents of Ca, K, Mg and Na when the isolating

solution is aqueous or non-aqueous.

14

ES

(cyanobacteria) flourished in the Earth’s
early carbon dioxide rich and zero oxygen
atmosphere. Carbon atoms are found in two
stable forms that differ only by a single neu-
tron; because photosynthetic organisms
exclusively use the lighter form of carbon,
they leave a chemical trail that is easily
identified.

Three billion years before the appear-
ance of trilobites, life began as complex
microbial communes. Some descendants of
the carbon dioxide using organisms that
first appeared on the newborn Earth are still
flourishing - in the stinking anaerobic mud
of swamps, the oxygen poor depths of the
Black Sea, at the stoma of hydrothermal
vents on the ocean floor and in our own
human gut.

In the beginning, species of bacteria
developed the ability to convert the energy
from sunlight into the creation of “organic”
(carbon based) molecules from carbon di-
oxide dissolved in sea water - thus photo-
synthesis appeared, and it was “ecologically
liberating” - given enough time, life as we
know it was inevitable and would in fact
cover the surface of the Earth.

The greater numbers of photosynthetic
bacteria principally use hydrogen sulfide
and its related compounds for the electron
source needed for photosynthesis.
Cyanobacteria were able to use a univer-
sally available raw material (water). The
cyanobacteria (blue-green scum in ponds,
puddles and bird baths) became the great-
est manufacturers of organic matter on
Earth; and because they produce oxygen
as a byproduct of photosynthesis, these
microbes charted a new course for space-
ship Earth, carving a new ecological niche
in the bios for oxygen dependant (aerobic)
metabolism used by species as diverse as
bacteria to man.

The “oxygen revolution” didn’t happen
overnight, cyanobacteria only began releas-
ing oxygen into the atmosphere 3.5 billion
years ago, however, signs of aerobic life in
the soil didn’t appear until 2.1 billion years
ago (1.4 billion years later!!) when atmo-
spheric levels of oxygen increased from one
percent of today’s atmospheric oxygen lev-
els to 10 percent of today's oxygen levels.

At the higher concentrations of atmo-
spheric oxygen ozone (O,) formed an on-
ion-like protective shield on the outer lay-
ers of our atmosphere, protecting new life
from the devastating lethal effects of ultra-
violet radiation.

The now oxygen enriched atmosphere
had limitless biological potential for diver-
sity of life - new species were able to use
oxygen for energy-yielding “respiration”
where organic raw materials (i-e.-carbohy-
drates, fats, proteins and vitamins) could
be fragmented into carbon dioxide and
water. During the “oxygen revolution” more
and more species of aerobic bacteria formed
by mutations from the original species - the
anaerobic bacterial species eventually were
limited by a reduced habitat, although they
still played a critical role in the ecosystem
by recycling carbon.

The primitive bacterial organisms were
“prokaryotic” - a basic cell surrounded by
a cell membrane, however, they lacked a
nucleus so their genetic material floated
freely in the cytoplasmic soup. Eventually
there came the “eukaryotic” cells, microor-
ganisms whose genetic material was en-
cased in a nuclear membrane.

Oxygen started the “eukaryotic cells on
the path to ecological fulfillment, not be-
cause they developed respiration them-
selves, but because they phagocytized (en-
gulfed) bacteria that did!! These aerobic
bacteria ingested by the eukaryotic cell be-

15

came the precursors of organelles called
mitochondria (energy producing micro-or-
gans in the cytoplasm of all modern day
eukaryotic species including man).

In China, North America and Austra-
lia, fossilized evidence and recognizable
biomolecules are found in ancient rocks
dating back 1.9 to 1.7 billion years ago and
prove that eukaryotic species became sig-
nificant players in the Earth’s marine envi-
ronment (i.e.-seas and oceans).

The “oxygen revolution” exploded in a
profusion of aerobic species in the Earth’s
terrestrial ecosystems, initially supporting
eukaryotic protozoa and algae but not
enough yet to support complex animals or
plant species.

Animals and the evidence of their pres-
ence (i.e.-trails, tracks and fecolithes) do
not appear in the fossil record until 600
million years ago. Just prior to the appear-
ance of “animals,” huge quantities of or-
ganic material (corpses of billions of tons
of decomposing microorganisms) were bur-
ied in the sediment of shallow seas and
oceans.

The high rate of organic carbon sedi-
ment accumulations occurred at the same
time as great tectonic plate shifts took place;
mountain ranges were formed and oceans
and seas became deeper.

The fossil evidence shows that the “sul-
fur cycle” ran amuck at the same time re-
sulting in a mass precipitation of pyrite in
deep sea muck. The resultant atmosphere
contained larger amounts of oxygen -
enough at this point to support large com-
plex animal species - the Phanerozoic Aeon
was heralded in.

The first “animals” to be identified in
fossils were the sea anemones and jelly-
fish, worms; at the beginning of the Cam-
brian period (545 million years ago) trilo-
bites, molluscs, annelid worms and inver-

eng

tebrate members of the phylum, Chordata
appeared.

Cyanobacteria, by producing oxygen as
a waste product provided a new niche for
aerobic organisms, in the Phanerozoic age,
organisms became or created new environ-
ments for other species. The colonization
of the “soil” of the new continents by com-
plex plants provided food and environ-
ments for arthropods (insects) and verte-
brates.

Organic compounds (i.e.-acids and en-
zymes)) synthesized by bacteria and other
microbes began to digest wood and rock.

Insects set up symbiotic relationships
with flowering plants (i.e.-bees, aphids and
ants) while vertebrates developed systems
for consuming fruits and seeds. In “God's
Trombone“, an American poem, James
Weldon Johnson fills in between the lines
on God's life creation moves after the cre-
ation of Earth :

Then God walked around, and God
looked around on all that he had made.
He looked at his sun, and he looked at his
moon, and he looked at his little stars; He
looked on his world with all its living things
And God said: I’m lonely still. Then God
sat down - on the side of a hill where he
could think; by a deep wide river he sat
down; with his head in his hands, God
thought and thought, till he thought : I’ll
make me a man! Up from the bed of the
river God scooped the clay: and by the bank
of the river he kneeled him down; and there
the great God almighty lit the sun and fixed
it in the sky, flung the stars to the most far
corner of the night, who rounded the earth
in the middle of his hand; this Great God,
like a mammy bending over her baby,
kneeled down in the dirt toiling over a lump
of clay till he shaped it in his own image;
then into it he blew the breath of life and
man became a living soul.

Amen! Amen!

16

Fig 1.1 Biological and Geological History of Earth.

Aeons before present

0-

0.5

1.0

1.5

2.0

2.5)

3.0 -

3.5 -

4.0

Present (20th century man)

Seed plants, mammals and insects dominate .Abundant coal deposits and
humic shale ( mostly club mosses and tree ferns ) First abundant fossil
animals, many with calcareous tissues. All modern phyla present.

First fossil protozoa

Abundant calcareous fossil algae: North Africa

Atmosphere changes from anoxygenic to oxygenic owing to photosynthesis
First fossil algae and fungi : Canada

First fossil sulphur bacteria : South Africa (anaerobic with 0, by product)

First biogenetic limestones : South Africa

First rocks appear in the Earth's crust

Differentiation of Earth’s crust, mantle and core; crust melted by
radioactive heating

weeeeeee>
RRR

at

weveeeeem

weeeeeee

Chapter 2

“ Even its basic makeup defies logic. Salt is a blend
of sodium and chlorine - the first a metal so un-
stable that it bursts into flame when exposed to
water; the second a lethal gas. When we swallow
the blend, it forms hydrochloric acid in our stom-
achs. Suicidal? No, an absolute necessity for life.” -

- G. Young
National Geographic

MINERALS: The Currency of Life

Minerals and mineral supplements to our meals are in fact a necessity of life. Since before recorded history man craved and consciously consumed minerals including the major minerals, trace minerals and Rare Earths in the form of clays, salts, animal tissue (bones and meat) or colloidal mineral rich plants.

The basic functions of life itself cannot be performed without minerals, either as a major part of the function or as a catalytic cofactor (i.e. - RNA, DNA, subcellular and digestive enzymes and the utilization of vitamins) - yet despite more than 10,000 years of human experience the allopathic medical profession would have us believe that all we modern humans need for optimal health and longevity is their stewardship, the four food groups, pharmaceuticals, radiation, surgery and organ transplants!!

Simply said, minerals are the currency of life. The medical profession ignores this truth to the point past the absurd - the most profound example we can think of is salt.

Physicians would have you believe that you need little or no salt (they must think we’re dumber than cows for the first food item a good husbandryman puts out for his livestock is a salt block!!); however, the multibillion dollar a year snack food industry is well aware of your need and craving for salt and other minerals.

In July of 1993 thousands of people on the east coast of the United States were swooning and fainting and hundreds dying during a sweltering heat wave that soared above 110 F; the effects of the heat wave on the population were so dramatic that the body count was published in newspaper headlines as though they were fallen American soldiers in a far off place. No one it seemed knew what to do; the state medical examiner of Pennsylvania said “we don’t know why so many have been affected by the heat - half of the dead and hospitalized had air conditioners.” The cause was screaming at the medical profession but no one voiced or printed the appropriate public warning.

We knew the horrible toll was the result of a simple salt or sodium deficiency (your basic heat stroke that any boy scout could diagnose and recognize and remedy with water and salt); yes, a salt deficiency caused by the allopathic paranoia of salt.

The human tragedy of the heat wave of ’93 was a direct result of the allopathic doctors who put their charges (their patients) on reduced or salt free diets for high blood pressure or heart disease. About a week after the carnage the state medical examiner's office again marveled from his pulpit, “the only common denominator we found in the dead and affected during the heat wave was that they all had heart disease or high blood pressure.” Yes, as we predicted they had all been placed on low salt or no salt diets by their physicians and of interest was the fact that those reaching the emergency room and those who were successfully treated were treated with IV saline solution (salt water!!!).

The medical profession must think we
are dumber than cows! What is the first
thing that a livestock farmer,
husbandryman or rancher puts out for their
livestock - a salt block (and they have been
doing it for thousands of years ). And the
animals get salt free choice in unlimited
amounts and they don't get high blood pres-
sure!!! Aristotle even noted (Historia
Animalicem VIII) that “sheep are healthier
when they are given salt.”

Where it was rare, salt was traded ounce
for ounce for gold, brides or slaves. Salt and
salt rich clays were the first mineral food
supplement consciously used by man, most
probably since the dawn of time. The Ro-
man statesman Cassiodorus was quite ob-
servant when he said, “Some seek not gold,
but there lives not a man who does not need

EES |

salt.”

Rome's major highway was called the
Via Salacia (salt road) - soldiers used it to
carry salt up from the Tiber River where
barges brought salt from the salt pans of
Ostia. Soldiers worth their salt were paid a
“salary” - the word salary is derived from
salarium, money paid to soldiers to pay for
their ration of salt. Salt coins and discs were
reported in Cathay by Marco Polo. Salt
discs in Ethiopia were “salted away” in the
kings treasury. The production of salt as a
food supplement for man and beast is as
old as civilization itself. Salt was produced
in shallow ponds of sea water through
evaporation and by mining rock salt from
large land locked deposits. The Hallstatt
salt mine is one of the oldest commercial
salt businesses on Earth - it is located 50
miles from Salzburg (Salt Town) salt has
been mined from the Hallstatt mine since
the early Iron Age. Salzberg (Salt Moun-
tain) contains a salt deposit 2,000 feet wide
2,500 feet deep - today there are 25 miles
of galleries created by the centuries of salt
mining. The salt from the Hallstatt Mine
was exported and traded to the Celtics.

Taxation of salt in China started in 2,200
B.C. under the administration of Kuan Teu.
The Chi Kingdom (800 B.C.) became the
richest kingdom in the world through salt
tax and export revenues.

During the Wuti (Han Dynasty) special
appointees were in charge of all salt taxes
in China. In 700 B.C. the T’ang Dynasty
controlled 18 salt lakes and 640 salt wells
under a Board of Revenue.

Marco Polo observed the great impor-
tance of salt in China in 1200 A.D. He de-
scribed cakes of salt that were officially
stamped with the “Great Khan’s” likeness
and used as currency. In the 1700’s A.D.
the Chinese salt merchants under a gov-

20

PREREREED

ernment monopoly held the largest wealth
of any commercial industrial group in
China.

The rock salt mines of the Alps
(Salzberg, Hallstatt and Durrenberg)
played an essential role in the develop-
ment of cultures in ancient prehistoric
Europe. Tools found in the salt mines date
back to the Bronze Age (1400 B.C.). Early
communities sprang up around salt springs
as humans followed and hunted wild her-
bivores that were drawn to the springs by
their craving for salt and minerals. To ob-
tain salt from these dilute springs, hunters
kept wood fires continuously burning to
boil away the water; these salt-boiling
peoples are recorded as far back as the
Neolithic Ages.

Whole forests were burned from Tyrol
in the Alps, Moselle and Franche-Count,
France; the Soale and Lueburg, Germany
and Droitwich, England to support this salt
industry! Before the Norman invasion of
England, salt pans of Cheshire and
Worchestershire (famous for its sauce) sup-
plied England and Gaul, going south to the
Thames River with the subsequent estab-
lishment of London.

From the 9th to the 14th centuries peat
was soaked in sea water, dried, burnt and
the minerals of the resultant ash were then
extracted with sea water; many millions of
tons of peat were harvested for this min-
eral/salt dietary supplement process for
commercial trade. Mesopotamian towns
specialized in the salt production industry
and transported salt up the Tigris and
Euprates Rivers. Jericho (8000 B.C.), near
the Dead Sea and the salt mountain of Mo
are the oldest known agricultural commu-
nities that participated in the salt trade.

An elaborate salt trade was developed
by the merchants of Venice and by the 6th

century the salt trade from the villages sur-
rounding the city was its main business. By
1184 Venice controlled the export of
Chioggia salt and by the 14th century was
providing salt to Alexandria, Cyprus and the
Balearic Islands.

The salted herring trade developed in
the 1300's; the process of salting fish as a
method of preservation was perfected by
the Dutch and at its peak produced 3 bil-
lion salted herring annually using 123 mil-
lion kg of salt per year.

In the beginning of the 20th century salt
pork and salt herring provided the main
source of animal protein for most of
Scandinavia with a daily per person con-
sumption of 100 gm or a quarter of a
pound!!

Perhaps the most famous and romantic
modern day part of the salt industry oc-
curred in Africa. Twice each year great
camel caravans carried salt slabs from the
Taoudeni Salt Swamp in the Sahara to
Timbuktu in Mali. Two thousand to 25,000
camels (only 25 % survived the journey)
were used to carry over 300 tons of salt
slabs more than 720 km.

Salt was also an important force in the
African slave trade as captured children
from warring tribes were sold into slavery
in exchange for salt. In other parts of salt
poor Africa humans developed the practice
of drinking cattle blood or urine to obtain
salt. The residents of the Sierra Leone coast
gave all they possessed, including their
wives and children in exchange for salt -
because salt is an absolute requirement for
life and because salt is not equally distrib-
uted on Earth and coveted by the have-nots,
It is said by African tribesman,“He who has
salt has war.”

In France the salt tax was so strict that
some 3,500 people were put to death be-

[| eezeeezee |

fore the revolution for not paying the salt
tax. The French salt tax was only abolished
in 1946!!!

The British imposed salt tax on India
was despised by all of India. Ghandi (1924)
published a monograph (Common Salt) in
protest of the government monopoly.
Ghandi pointed out that the grains and the
green foods of India were very low in so-
dium and because of the vegetarian habit
of the majority of tropical Indians they re-
quired a significant salt supplement to their
diet. In 1930 Ghandi led 78 supporters on
a 300 Km “Salt March” protest from
Ahmedabad to the sea. He swam in the sea
and picked up a crystal of salt at the beach
and walked back to Ahmedabad, where he
was promptly arrested and thrown into
prison. Angered, 100,000 Indians revolted
against the salt tax and were arrested after
they too picked up untaxed salt. The Brit-
ish salt tax was finally repealed in 1946.

Death of soldiers from sodium loss his-
torically occurred during military operations
in tropical countries. Soldiers in the desert
could lose 24 pints of water per day as
sweat, which included a loss of 70 to 100
gm (a quarter of a pound) a day of sodium
Wy

There was also the interesting fact that
in the old criminal law of Holland, a par-
ticularly terrible and much feared punish-
ment was to restrict criminals to a diet of
bread and water without salt!!!

Salt is known as the universal and most
widely used food supplement and condi-
ment. So great is the human craving for salt,
and the relish of it that we are led to con-
sider that a love of it is one of the most
dominating of our natural instincts and that
salt itself is in fact necessary to the health
and even the life of man.

Paracelsus first recommended tin to

[ee ee)

expel worms in the Middle Ages. Alchemists
produced mosaic gold (aurum musivum) by
alloying tin with mercury and then distill-
ing this mixture with sulfur and ammonium
chloride. The resultant gold-like color gave
it its name. Tin was also used as a sweat
inducer and a purgative for fevers, hysteri-
cal complaints (PMS) and venereal dis-
eases.

Nicolas Monardes (1493-1588) a Span-
ish physician published Historia Medicinal.
In the second volume is a scientific dialogue
on the “virtues” of iron; however, iron was
not generally accepted for medical use un-
til the 1600's when Nickolas Le’mery found
iron in animal tissue ash. In 1745 V.
Menghini demonstrated the iron in tissue
was found primarily in red blood cells. Dr.
Willis’ “Preparation of Steel” was iron fil-
ings and tartar roasted and given in wine
as a syrup or pills. Dr. Thomas Sydenham
(1682) recommended in all diseases involv-
ing anemia, bleeding (if the patient was
strong enough) followed by a course of Dr.
Willis’ “Preparation of Steel.”

In 1850 it was reported in a medical jour-
nal that a woman who had lost three pre-
mature pregnancies was given “iron scales
from the smiths anvil, steeped in “hard”
cider during her entire pregnancy. The
woman’s appetite increased, her digestion,
health and spirits improved. She delivered
a full term boy and who was so strong that
he could walk by 9 months of age; at age
five he was so tall and strong that he be-
came known as the “iron baby.”

Lead (the Extract of Saturn) or vegito-
mineral water was used medicinally for over
2,000 years. Externally lead was used as
an astringent for wounds and internally as
a purgative. Many argued against its use
because of its toxic properties, but the sup-
porters for the use of lead pointed to the

22

PERRRELED
BREED

fact that arsenic and mercury were also
poisonous in large amounts but used me-
dicinally in smal] amounts without ill ef-
fect. Thomas Gouland (d 1784) a French
surgeon and counsellor to the king was a
great proponent for the use of lead as a
therapy.

“Environmental lead in building con-
struction can cause learning disabilities,
anemia and bone deformities, especially in
children.” The United States government
spends multi-millions of our tax money in
the form of grants to HUD projects to re-
move lead based paint and caulking from
public housing projects to prevent children
from eating the lead based materials (they
eat the lead based material as a result of
an affliction known as “pica”, a symptom-
atic disease of mineral deficiencies - give
the kids minerals and they will not eat the
lead paint - it is better for the kids and its a
lot cheaper!!!!

In 1884 manganese as permanganate of
potash was used as an emetic (produced
vomiting) and was so reported in the Medi-
cal Gazette by Alexander Ure. The thera-
peutic use of manganese was first reported
in Macon, France where manganese min-
ers were “uniformly cured” of scabies
(mites) dermatitis of various forms. These
reports by the miners lead to a general use
of manganese for skin ointments to cure
external skin diseases.

The French also found that oral man-
ganese could be “superior” to iron in cur-
ing certain anemias. During the 1800's
manganese was used very effectively in
treating amenorrhea (deficiency of men-
strual flow). In 1883 Franklin H. Martin
(1857-1939) also demonstrated that man-
ganese was valuable for treating
menorrhagia (excessive bleeding during
menstrual periods) and metorrhagia (bleed-

ing at times other than menstrual periods).

Dr. Costa reported the use of bromide
of nickel as a therapy for epilepsy and simi-
lar diseases. In 1884 a “controlled” study
was made at the Jefferson Medical college
Hospital, Philadelphia; it was reported that
“nickel worked best in cases where attacks
occurred regularly and at long intervals and
when there was a hysterical or hypochon-
driacal feature to the case.”

Adair Crawford (1748-1795), physician
at St. Thomas Hospital investigated the
therapeutic value of borytes (chlorinated
barium) and determined that it was useful
in certain cases of scrophulous (tuberculo-
sis of the cervical lymph nodes), he also
thought that it usually improved the appe-
tite and general health. Barium was also
reported to act as an evacuant, a
deobstruent, and a toxic side effect noted
included nausea and vertigo. Barium sul-
fate is used today as an opaque contrast
medium for X-rays of the digestive tract (up-
per and lower G.I. series) to aid in the diag-
nosis of ulcers, cancer, diverticula and ad-
hesions.

Walter Harris in 1689 published a book
on infant diseases. In his book Harris em-
phasized the value of calcium for the treat-
ment of infantile convulsions (many physi-
cians of the day referred to these ‘fits’ as
epilepsy). Rickets was known to be related
toa calcium deficiency as early as 850 B.C.
in the days of Homer!!!!

Jean Astruc (1684-1766), a professor at
the College Royal de France, Paris recom-
mended the treating of “rickets” with solu-
tions of calcium and sodium phosphate but
because the therapy was so cheap and
lacked the mystery requiring a visit to the
physician few other M.D.s supported the
use of calcium for bone diseases of children!

Calcium chloride (muriate of lime) had

23

its supporters as a therapy for tuberculosis
including French physician Antoine-
Francois de Fourcray (1755-1809). John
Thompson (1745-1846) was a skeptic and
felt calcium might put tuberculosis in re-
mission but doubted cures. Samuel Coo-
per (1780-1848) in the 6th edition of the
Dictionary of Practical Surgery (1909)
stated “ I have seen the muriate of lime
given in several cases of scrofula but with-
out any beneficial effect on the disease.”

In 1855, John Cleland, an anatomist at
the University of Edinburgh used
saccharated lime (calcium gluconate) as a
tonic and antacid. In 1859 a family self-
help handbook, Arts Revealed and Univer-
sal Guide, offered a single cure (calcium
phosphate and cod liver oil) for “consump-
tion, scrofula, general infantile atrophy, rick-
ets, diarrhea and tuberculosis.” Almroth
Edward Wright (1861-1947), an Irish pa-
thologist in 1891 defined the role of calcium
in the clotting of blood, however, Nickolas
Maurice Arthus (1862-1945) independently
made the discovery and published his re-
search a year earlier.

In 1854 James Young Simpson (1811-
1870) a professor of obstetrics at the Uni-
versity of Edinburgh supported the use of
oxalate of cerium to treat the morning sick-
ness associated with early pregnancy. In
1860 Charles Lee, house physician to
Blockley Hospital, Philadelphia reported
the successful use of cerium for the control
of vomiting associated with phthisis (pul-
monary tuberculosis), pyrosis (severe heart
burn), hysterical vomiting and atonic
dyspepsia ( lack of muscular tone of the
gastrointestinal tract).

To the ancient Greeks and Romans, ni-
ter could be either carbonate of sodium or
carbonate of potassium. To the alchemist
and to Roger Bacon the term niter always

seeeetee>

(eapeaenaass))

meant nitrate of potash (potassium). In
1672 Peter Seignette (d 1716), a French
apothecary created Rochelle Salt (named
for his place of residence) by adding car-
bonate of soda to cream of tartar and car-
bonate of potash. Rochelle Salt is used even
today as a saline cathartic - potassium so-
dium tartrate.

R.A. de Bonsdorf, University of Finland
discovered the rodohydrargyrate of potas-
sium (iodine of potassium and dentiodide
of mercury in an aqueous solution); seven
years later this “alloy” was regarded as a
panacea by Wm. Channing of New York.
Conditions that had universally improved
following its use included “chronic bron-
chitis, whooping cough, pulmonary T.B.,
thrush, tonsillitis, pharyngitis, chronic
gastroenteritis, colitis, gout, diabetes,
dysmenorrhea, amenorrhea, vaginitis,
cervicitis, herpes, psora, psoriasis, edema
(dropsy), eye infections and scrofula.”

Lithium was discovered in mineral wa-
ter in 1817 by August Arfvedson in a Swed-
ish Laboratory of Berzelius. Its use in men-
tal illness dates back to 400 A.D. when
Caelius Aurelianus prescribed lithium con-
taining waters for mental illness.

In the 1840's it was reported that lithium
salts combined with uric acid dissolved
urate deposits. Lithium was then used to
treat kidney stones, “gravel”, gout, rheuma-
tism as well as a plethora of physical and
mental diseases.

Health spas picked up on the notoriety
that lithium was getting and marketed them-
selves with exaggerated claims of the
lithium in their hot mineral springs, even
going to the extent of adding the word
“lithia” to their names to woo the public.
Because of public access to lithium salts in
spas ( i.e.- Russia, east and west Europe,
U.S.A., Japan and South America) physi-

24

REED

CREED

cians looked for other arthritis therapies. The current medical use of lithium is limited to psychiatric patients, especially manic depression. We would like to see lithium added to the public water supply and eliminate fluoride!!!

The golden age of detailed and large scale research projects into the essentiality of various minerals in animal nutrition occurred between 1920 and 1978 - the curiosity for the pathophysiology of mineral deficiency diseases was dealt a mortal blow by the discovery of penicillin and totally killed in the ranks of allopaths by the drive to find patentable genetic techniques to treat all disease from farting to cancer. While the studies of nutrition have become the stepchild of 21st century science the unquenchable basic mineral needs of our human flesh cry out from the waiting rooms of physicians offices, hospital wards and mortuaries.

There are 75 metals listed in the periodic chart, all of which have been detected in human blood and other body fluids - we know that at least 60 of these metals (minerals) have physiological value for man. Organically not a single function in the human body can take place without at least one mineral or metal cofactor.

“On an inorganic chemical basis little
distinction can be made between the met-
als. Both metals and non metals enter ac-
tively into chemical reactions. The differ-
ence reveals itself in the physical proper-
ties. By common agreement, those elements
that possess high electrical conductivity and
a lustrous appearance in the solid state are
considered to be metals” according to
Bruce A. Rogers, metallurgist and physicist.

Gold, silver and copper were probably
the first metals (minerals) discovered in
their native nugget form. It is likely that gold

was first to be discovered, as it is the most
widely distributed of all metals found in
nature as nuggets. As gold is resistant to
corrosion, the bright color of a gold nugget
would attract the attention of an observant
primitive human, and no doubt it would
have peaked his curiosity when it wouldn't
chip or break like other weapon and tool
making rocks. However, gold, even untooled
made a very special ornament. Because of
its rarity and softness, native silver nuggets,
like gold did not lend themselves to the
making of tools or weapons. Copper was
more abundant and could be fabricated
much more successfully into tools and
weapons. Even though copper corroded or
oxidized very quickly, stream erosion or
simple abrasion or scraping would reveal a
brilliant metal surface. Once identified as a
usable metal and some significance attrib-
uted to the discovery, the locality would be
searched in some detail for more of the
bright metal leading to discoveries of large
chunks or veins too large to be carried off.

Aworkable sized chunk of copper would
be smashed and hammered until it became
the desired shape (i.e.- a blade , scraper or
awl) and during the process of hammering
it became harder. Copper hardens at ordi-
nary ambient temperature and when it was
shaped into a blade or spike it had numer-
ous advantages over stone or flint (didn’t
break, stayed sharp with use, etc.). Some-
where along the way man made two his-
torical and vital discoveries that changed
his world forever: 1) metals could be ex-
tracted from mineral bearing rocks (smelt-
ing). 2) metals could be melted and “cast”
into desired shapes in a mold. Which came
first is an unanswerable question - like
which came first the chicken or the egg. It
seems logical, however, that smelting pre-
ceded casting. When early man built his

25

eRe

security or cooking fire on copper contain-
ing rocks, the charcoal from the fire embers
reduced the metal from the ore. After ob-
serving this phenomenon that produced
pure copper several times, man was
launched into the Copper Age. We know
several details of man from this period
through the discovery of the “Ice Man”.

In 1992 a 5,000 year old “Ice Man” was
found frozen and freeze dried in melting
glacial ice in the Italian Alps. His posses-
sions included grass insulated boots and
coat, a long bow and arrows, bone and ant-
ler tools and last but not least a copper axe.

“Civilization” on a large scale had its
beginnings in the large river valleys of China
or Egypt around 6000 B.C. It is highly prob-
able that the art of metallurgy flowered and
flourished, like that of agriculture under the
encouragement and funding of wealthy rul-
ers. Advancements in metal and mineral
technology were halted by the devastation
of the “Great Flood” (approximately 4000
B.C.); but began again in earnest when the
waters receded. Jewelry and weapons dis-
covered during the excavations at Ur in
Sumer (the southern portion of ancient
Babylonia) revealed that the casting of cop-
per, silver and gold and the smelting of cop-
per from ore began around 3500 B.C. Very
crude jewelry and hammered metal imple-
ments were found that dated more than
2000 years earlier!! A lead statue in the
British Museum shows the Egyptians were
mining and working lead with some degree
of sophistication as early as 3400 B.C.

In the beginning, Metal Age man still
relied a great deal on stone and bone tools
and weapons because pure copper was too
soft for serious use. In some areas copper
ore was contaminated with other minerals;
smelting this mixed ore produced a much
harder stronger “alloy” that was easier to

toughen and cast. If the contaminant was
tin oxide (cassiterite) the resultant alloy was
early “bronze.”

At 2000 B.C. the metallurgists of
Hissarlik (ancient Troy) perfected the art of
bronze making and tooling. A delay in a
universal Bronze Age occurred because tin
ores do not occur as commonly as do those
of copper. A large import trade for tin ore
developed in Egypt because their copper ore
was rather pure and free of tin contamina-
tion. There are snippets of information and
clues that suggest iron was smelted from ore
as early as 4000 B.C.; however, what is de-
scribed as the Iron Age did not occur until
1400 B.C. An iron dagger found in the tomb
of Tutankhamen dates back to 1350 B.C.
and is thought to be the oldest surviving iron
tool or implement crafted by man.

A letter written to Pharaoh Rameses II
just after 1300 B.C. by the king of the Hittites
document the first recorded reference to
man-made iron. Steel was first produced in
quantity in India five hundred years preced-
ing the Christian Era.

Writers of the “classics” record the ear-
liest accounts of the production of mercury
from cinnabar (mercuric sulfide), but be-
cause it was liquid in its pure physical form
they did not class mercury as a metal; by
the 8th century A.D. mercury was univer-
sally recognized as a metal.

Pure arsenic and antimony produced
from their sulfides by the Arab scholars and
alchemists Abu-Musa-Jabor-Ibin-Haiyun
(Geber 721-766 A.D.) were not recognized
as metals because of a limited classification
system. In the 8th century there were only
seven known metals and each was tied by
astrology and alchemy to the known plan-
ets:

Gold - sun - sol

26

Silver - moon - lunas

Tron - mars

Mercury - Mercury - (quick silver)
Lead - Saturn

Tin - Jupiter

Copper - Venus

The awareness of and the employment
of metals for medicine, tools and weapons
did not spread universally over the Earth.
For example, when the Aztecs and Incas
were “discovered” by the Spanish early in
the 16th century the Spaniards reported
“the savages to have almost no metallurgi-
cal skills; however, they did use native met-
als to tip their axes and knives which were
made of gold which they regarded as a util-
ity metal as we regard iron.”

European pioneers exploring North
America found that Indians did not have
any interest in the mineral wealth of the
continent for medicine or weapons - “they
used native metals such as copper and gold,
but they did not dig ore or smelt metal. It is
incredible that only 200 years ago that so
much of the world was ignorant of the im-
portance of metals and minerals.”

Today metals and minerals are classi-
fied in groups:

1) common metals - those produced
in large quantities
precious metals
light weight metals - essential to
transportation
noble metals - resistant to high
temperature oxidation
base metals - are chemically
reactive
soft, low melting, rapidly
oxidizing alkali metals
alkaline earth metals
rare earth metals

2)
3)

4)
5)
6)

7)
8)

9) semimetals - reduced electrical
conductivity
10) refractory metals - have high
melting points (jet engine
construction)

In 1958 Parr pointed out that aluminum
and magnesium and their alloys are in use
in medicine and hospitals every day; the
alloy varieties of brass and bronze have
become so numerous that they include al-
most every known element. Zirconium, ti-
tanium and uranium are no longer un-
known to the hospital technician or the man
on the street.

The precious metals include coinage
metals such as silver, gold, platinum, pal-
ladium and iridium which are used for jew-
elry as well as for medical devices and in-
struments. The first mint coin system was
recorded in Lydia in Asia Minor, bordering
on the Aegean sea around 700 B.C. An al-
loy of gold and silver (electrum) was
stamped into coins for the specific purpose
of trade for tin ore.

In 490 B.C. the Persian fleet remained
a political and trade threat, even after the
Athenians led by Alexander the Great had
defeated the formerly omnipotent and all
conquering Persian armies of Darius I (558-
486 B.C.) at Marathon. Thermistocles (527-
460), an up-and-coming Athenian politician
and backer of sea power, proposed build-
ing a merchant and military fleet second to
none which would require huge amounts
of capital and resources of all types. This
commitment to build the fleet resulted in
the first use of silver minted as money. The
silver was mined from a large vein in
Laurium, near Athens.

The Laurium silver ore was contami-
nated with lead and was separated by a
method known as “cupellation.” The lead-

27

PERLERAED

PRE |

silver mixture was heated to melting in a
cupel (a shallow clay pot) and an air stream
directed across the surface of the hot liq-
uid metal. As lead oxidizes sooner than sil-
ver the resultant lead oxide could be
skimmed from the surface of the liquid al-
loy, leaving a pure metallic silver. If there
was any gold original alloy, cupellation pro-
duced the gold-silver alloy Electrum. A
method for the separation of gold from sil-
ver became known about 300 B.C.

The silver mines at Laurium allowed
Athens to mint a uniform silver coin and to
assume a dominant role in trading with
Greece as a whole and Asia Minor. Many
Greek coins were minted by Greek cities
carrying medical symbols and emblems. As
early as 360 B.C. coins stamped at
Epidaurus and Cas carried the head of
Aesculapius, the god of medicine. Roman
coins often displayed the bust of Salus, the
Roman name for Hygieia - the daughter of
Aesculapius.

Roman coins were minted from brass.
Brass was an accidental copper and zinc
alloy discovery. Brass was unknown before
the Roman Empire. The Bactrians, Roman
contemporaries, who live in the north of
what is now Afghanistan minted copper-
nickel coins with nickel at 20 %.

To avoid the use of paper money that
was in general circulation by lepers from
the leper colony of Culion Island,
Phillipines, the Phillipine government in
1913 minted aluminum coins. The alumi-
num coins corroded after contact with an-
tiseptics used by the lepers, requiring that
latter issues be minted from nickel. It was
the search for gold that led the Spanish to
the conquests of the Americas. Columbus’
goal was to find a western route to China
and India which he thought he found when
he initially landed in the Bahamas. The gold

bejeweled natives told him more gold was
to be found to the south. Harboring in Cuba
and Haiti, he confiscated gold from the lo-
cal natives who had collected the gold from
local streams.

The Spanish under the leadership of
Hernando Cortez (1485 -1547) conquered
Moctezuma (1480-1520) after Moctezuma
tried to bribe away Cortez with large gifts
of gold. The priceless value of such large
quantities of gold only fanned the flame of
greed in the Spanish for more of the Ameri-
can gold. The brutality and massacres in-
flicted on the Aztecs was in vain; the gold
resources of Mexico were far less then ex-
pected; Cortez had mistaken the centuries
of accumulated wealth of the Aztecs and
Incas for current production. Peru came
under Spanish domination in 1531 and
within a few years the west coast of South
America was under complete Spanish rule.
Gold and silver were mined by forced slave
labor who were subjected to terrible hard-
ships. The only comfort offered to the slaves
was a local herb called coca (cocaine)
which according to the Spanish “enabled
men to go without food, water or sleep and
to stay warm while others froze and to work
for hours without rest.”

Persian born, Sina, or Avicenna (980-
1037) known to his contemporaries as the
“prince of physicians”, was a successful
practitioner in the court of Baghdad. His
high standing lends credibility to the story
that he gave his high ranking patients pills
coated with gold and silver foil, not only to
make them more attractive and palatable
but also “to add to their therapeutic effi-
ciency.” Avicenna is also credited with em-
ploying metallic gold as “a purifier of the
blood.”

From the beginning economic consid-
erations played a significant role in the

ic}

PRREERERD
PRERERERD

treatment of choice by physicians, their
remedies and supplements for patients.
Remedies containing rare herbs or miner-
als were expensive and were used only for
those wealthy and able to pay, while prayers
for the poor were paid for with modest of-
ferings to the local temple. The common
remedy of the priest/physician was the
amulet. Amulets for the poorer segments of
the community might be made of fish bones
or linen bags, while gold and other miner-
als or metallic beads or discs were offered
to the wealthy and their children. The ex-
act choice was important as all minerals,
metals, plants and animals were given
magical powers (as in Ayruvadic medicine).

Since there were no pharmacies in Egypt
prior to 1552 B.C. the choices of minerals
for treatment were limited to antimony sul-
fide, copper acetate, copper sulfate, copper
carbonate, sulfur, salt and sodium carbon-
ate. Iron, lead, magnesia, lime, soda, nitre
and vermilion were also employed, espe-
cially for the poor.

The Babylonians and Assyrians were
ahead of the Egyptians in using medicinal
minerals. White and black sulphur, sulfate
of iron, arsenic, yellow sulfide of arsenic,
arsenic trisulphide, black salt peter, anti-
mony, iron oxide, magnetized iron ore, sul-
fide of iron, pyrites, copper dust, verdigris,
mercury, alum, bituman (coal), naphtha,
calcinated lime, etc. Gold was used widely
for supplements and therapies, however,
not everyone believed that it did any good
towards healing. According to an unidenti-
fied writer from the 1600's:

“ The ancients put leaf gold into many
compositions; but ] know not for what end
but to feed the eye; for its substance is too
solid and compact to be dissolved by our
heat, and brought into act; nor is it avail-
able that some make the virtues, or spirits

of gold sympathizing to those of the heart,
and therefore give leaf gold; for by the same
facility it may destroy the heart. And it may
be applied outwardly in greater quantity,
and with more profit, with little or no in-
convenience.”

There is evidence that gold was used as
a therapy by the Chinese as far back as
2,000 B.C. Pao Pu Tzu (253-333 A.D.) re-
corded that metals and minerals had an
important role in the search for immortal-
ity!! According to Pao Pu Tzu in his Nei
Pieu, the highest ranking “ medicines of the
immortals” was cinnabar (red mercuric sul-
fide). “Take three pounds of genuine cin-
nabar, and one pound of white honey, mix
them. Dry the mixture in the sun, roast the
dry mixture over a fire until it can be shaped
into pills. Take ten pills the size of a hemp
seed every morning. Inside of a year white
hair will turn black, decayed teeth will grow
again, and the body will become sleek and
glistening. If an old man takes this medi-
cine for a long period of time, he will de-
velop into a young man. The one who takes
it constantly will enjoy eternal life and will
not die.”

“Cinnabar and gold combinations were
considered as medicines par excellence and
were frequently used in combination with
excellent results in the attainment of im-
mortality. Preparations in which silver was
the chief ingredient had only a limited de-
gree of efficiency in producing immortality...
cinnabar was also a favorite ingredient in
life prolonging concoctions by virtue of its
producing mercury, the living metal, when
subjected to heat.”

The British pharmacologist/historian,
C.J.S. Thompson found it “somewhat curi-
ous that while the alchemists of the west
were always in doubt as to what constituted
the true philosopher's stone, the Chinese

29

seemingly had no doubts as to its identity.
Cinnabar was regarded by the early Chi-
nese alchemist as the wonderful body
which was supposed to have the mysteri-
ous power of converting other metals into
gold, and when used as a medicine would
prolong life for an indefinite period. “

The Chinese prized mercury as an elixir,
while East Indian physicians (800 B.C.-
1000 A.D.) used it for skin diseases includ-
ing smallpox and syphilis. Other minerals
in the Hindu materia medica included gold,
silver, copper, tin, lead, zinc, arsenic, iron,
borax and aluminum.

The Greek physician Hippocrates (460-
377 B.C.) obtained most of his drugs from
the plant and animal kingdoms, but he is
credited with using alum, copper, lead and
maybe cinnabar. The Roman historian
Pliny, The Elder (23-79 A.D.), who was
killed early in life by the toxic gases from
the eruption of Mount Vesuvius (“he was
suffocated by the gasses when he ap-
proached too near”), before he died he de-
voted 13 books of his Natural History to
medicine - he recorded many curiosities
about plants and drugs (metals), highlights
of Roman medicine, and its authors many
slaps at physicians (for which we love him
dearly). Most of the minerals used in Ro-
man medical circles were known to Pliny,
including iron, lead, nitrum, salt, gold, tin,
silver, realgar (arsenic sulfide), copper and
misy (a combination of the sulfates of cop-
per and iron).

Through the end of the 1400's the al-
chemists did not make any further contri-
butions of a substantial nature to the ad-
vancement and practice of medicine but
they engendered an “erratic genius” who
pioneered in the fields of pharmacology and
pharmacotherapy. He was none other than
Theophastus Bombastus von Hohenheim,

TEeEe |

or Paracelsus (1493 - 1541) - he was hailed
as “the most original medical thinker of the
16th century.” He was a prolific writer; be-
fore the age of 25 he raised eyebrows with
the alchemist by writing “ Alchemy is to
make neither gold nor silver, its use is to
make the supreme essences and to direct
them against diseases.” Paracelsus arrived
at these conclusions after a great deal of
experience with minerals, metals, metal-
lurgy and alchemy. Between the ages of nine
and 16 years of age Paracelsus enrolled in
both the Bergschule at Villach and a nearby
Benedictine school at St. Andrew’s
Monastary. These schools were located in
the mining areas of Europe.

In 1510 Paracelsus enrolled in the Uni-
versity of Basel. He was profoundly aware
and complained that the university was giv-
ing him only boring reiterations of ancient
formulas. At age 22 he worked in the silver
mines and laboratories in the Tyrol about
30 Km from Innsbruk. Paracelsus’ experi-
ence in the mines taught him the risks and
occupational diseases of the miners. His
work with chemists and alchemists revealed
the futility of “gold-cooking”, and he recog-
nized that the alloys and solutions in their
crucibles, retorts and phials could be con-
verted to the making of medicines - in fact
“that all minerals subjected to analysis
might yield curative and life-giving secret.”
These combined experiences allowed
Paracelsus to “enter into the inner most
recesses of nature” and to understand the
basics of metallurgy with such skill and
acumen as to cure disease. Paracelsus’ re-
search into minerals and disease led him
to the discovery of the medical value of
chloride, sulfate of mercury, flowers of sul-
fur and antimony.

Topical zinc ointments used today were
developed by Paracelsus as a young man.

30

peeeetee>

eee

In his medical practice he also used iron,
lead, copper, potassium and arsenic. He
formulated the theory that “the healthy
human body is a particular combination of
medical substances (i.e. -vitamins, miner-
als, amino acids and essential fatty acids),
with illness resulting from a disturbance of
this combination (i.e. -deficiency dis-
eases!)”. Consequently, illness could be
cured only through the employment of
chemical or mineral medicines. It was be-
cause of this insight, that he broke away
from the teachings of Galen and Avicenna,
the recognized medical authorities, putting
himself into conflict with the medical es-
tablishment (and for this we dearly love
him!!).

Experiments with antimony (emetic tar-
tar) were pursued during the 19th century
but were inconclusive. Today in the U.S.
the use of antimony is strictly controlled,
but in tropical countries it is used com-
monly as an antiparasitic agent.

Antimony sulfide was known in ancient
times but was not initially regarded as a
metal. As late as 1677 in the London
Pharmacopeia, there was a differentiation
between true metals (i.e.- gold, silver, cop-
per, tin, lead and iron) and metallis affinia
(ie.- cinnabar, mercury { argentum vivum
} and antimonium ). Antimony is thought
to have been discovered by Basil Valentine
(1393) ( some believe this was a fictitious
name for Paracelsus ), a 15th century
Benedictine Monk who lived in what is now
Germany. It is said that he tried small
amounts of antimony supplements on
hogs, which fattened and showed unprec-
edented health and vigor. He was said to
be so encouraged by the initial results of
his pig experiments that he dispensed his
new mineral to his fellow monks with “di-
sastrous” results. What had been good for

the pigs was bad for the monks, which
caused Valentine to name his new metal
anti-moine (anti-monk).

Paracelsus popularized the internal use
of mercury in the form of calomel (mercu-
rous chloride); the external use of mercury
as frictions, fumigations and plasters for the
cure of lues venerea (syphilis) dates from
1497. The famous Italian surgeon and
anatomist Berengario da Carpi (1470-1530)
of Bologna accumulated an immense for-
tune by inventing and prescribing frictions
with mercurial ointments for syphilis. A
colleague of da Carpi, Giovanni de Vigo
(1460-1520), born in Rapallo near Genoa
and physician to Pope Julius II, was a
staunch advocate of fumigations involving
cinnabar and starax (tree resin), he also
adapted the internal use of the red precipi-
tate (cinnabar) for syphilis and plague.
According to Gabriele Fallopio (1523-
1562), an Italian professor of anatomy
(“Fallopian tubes”), shepherds gave liquid
mercury (quick silver) to their sheep to kill
worms and Antonio musa Brassatola
(1500-1555) of Ferrara gave quick silver to
children to kill worms. There is one account
of a woman drinking one full pound of
quick silver who suffered no noticeable ill
effects!!!

Thomas Dover (1660-1742), famous for
his Dover's powder (opium and ipecac),
believed mercury to be of great value for
diseases of the stomach and a variety of
other diseases. “To take one ounce of quick
silver every morning was the most benefi-
cial thing in the world.” In 1731 and 1732
it was “fashionable in London and
Edinburgh to take one ounce of quick sil-
ver every morning for several weeks.”

In 1735 there was an outbreak in New
England of what was known as ulcerated
or malignant sore throat (diphtheria). Wil-

31

weeeeeeem
PREREERED

liam Douglas (1692-1752), the only physi-
cian in Boston of his day with an M.D. de-
gree, produced a successful form of treat-
ment involving the use of dulcified (sug-
ared) mercury and camphor.

In the early 1750’s Edward Augustus
Holyoke (1728-1829) of Salem, Ma. pre-
scribed mercury for pleurisies and peri-
pneumonias. In 1770 and 1771 when diph-
theria (throat distemper) and scarlet fever
with severe sore throat (strep throat)
plagued New York City, Samuel Bard (1742-
1821), professor of medicine at King’s Col-
lege, New York used mercury in children
“without ill effect and to the manifest ad-
vantage of my patient; relieving the diffi-
culty of breathing, and promoting the cast-
ing off the sloughs, beyond any other medi-
cine.” The internal use of calomel was ac-
companied by gastrointestinal symptoms so
drastic that in the 19th century, not only
chloride of mercury but also the other forms
fell into general disfavor.

In the 20th century mercury poisoning
from mercury amalgam dental fillings, in-
dustrial wastes and agricultural chemicals
has been incriminated as the cause of mul-
tiple sclerosis (MS), Lou Gehrigs Disease
(ALS) and Parkinson's Disease in adults
and cerebral palsy and other neurological
congenital defects in the developing fetus.

The Noble metals are easily distin-
guished by their property of not oxidizing
but remaining bright when heated in air,
therefore their natural use for jewelry and
as “precious” metals.” Royal “Touching” to
cure the “Kings Evil ( Morbus regius)” or
scrufula (tuberculosis of the cervical lymph
nodes) began in the 11th century and was
continued in France until the1600’s.

In 1492, Henry VIII created an elabo-
rate ritual that involved the “gold angel” (a
special coin minted in 1495) to be used as

a “touchpiece.” The Stuarts favored
touchpieces of gold and silver that were
hung around the necks of sufferers. “To be
eligible for royal touching, patients were
examined by physicians who certified that
the complaint was in fact scrofula (T.B. of
the neck lymph nodes). After being touched
the patient received a gold piece - and it
was generally believed that he would be free
from subsequent attacks provided he kept
his touchpiece.” Royal touching in England
ended in 1714 with the death of Queen
Anne. From the time of Edward II (1284-
1327) to that of Mary Tudor (1516-1558),
English royalty made a Good Friday offer-
ing of gold and silver; the metal was con-
verted into “cramp rings” that were worn
to cure epilepsy, rheumatism and several
muscular pains.

Gold was first used medicinally in
America in 1811 when New York hospitals
used it for the treatment of syphilis and
“other lymphatic afflictions.” In ancient
times silver was associated with the moon
which was believed to control the head and
emotions ( moon struck, lunacy, etc.); this
relationship was firmly entrenched by the
chemical doctors of the 16th century. Tinc-
ture of the moon (Tinctura luna) was long
a popular remedy for epilepsy, melancho-
lia and mania. Angelus Sala (1637) em-
ployed silver nitrate (lunar caustic) as a
purgative and in brain and uterine illnesses.
Robert Boyle concocted pilulae lunara by
creating a mixture of silver nitrate and nitre,
dried and formed with bread crusts into pills
the size of small peas as a laxative. In 1826
John Higginbottom (1788-1876) of
Nottingham, England published a mono-
graph on the use of lunar caustic for the
cure of wounds and ulcers caused by
needles, hooks, bayonets, saws and for
bites of leeches, rabid animals, insect stings

PEERELAED
RED

and for “small punctures occurring during
anatomical dissection and autopsy.” He
also removed tumors and cauterized the
surgical wound with silver nitrate. In a De-
cember 1827 letter to the editor of The
American Medical Recorder Dr. James
Breen reported a successful treatment of
severe inflammation of the eye with silver
nitrate. In 1884 Carl Sigmund Crede (1819-
1892), a German professor of obstetrics in-
stituted the practice of preventing infantile
(gonorrheal) conjunctivitis (ophthalmia
neonatorium) with a single prophylactic
drop of 2 % silver nitrate in each eye of all
infants at the moment of birth.

Higginbottom also described methods
of silver nitrate treatment for erysipelas,
phelgmonous erysipelas, inflammation of
the absorbents, phelgmonous inflamma-
tion, small irritable ulcers with varicose
veins, senile gangrene (diabetic gangrene)
and burns and scalds. The latter is of inter-
est because it was not until 1965 that Carl
A. Moyer of the Hartford Burn Unit (Wash-
ington University School of Medicine, St.
Louis, Mo.) “ introduced” silver nitrate treat-
ment for burns by employing a 1/2 % silver
nitrate solution frequently did the process
reach general use.

Elisha Perkins (1741-1799) Died of yel-
low fever) was 18 when he began practic-
ing medicine in Plainfield, Ct in 1759. He
was a respected country physician for 40
years (known for riding horseback up to 40
miles for single house calls). He was elected
to the chairmanship of his state medical
association.

In 1796 Perkins invented and patented
the “Tractors” - two dissimilar metallic rods
with a “secret” alloy composition (one was
an alloy of gold, copper and zinc and the
other was silver, platinum and iron). These
“Tractors” were alleged to relieve numerous

painful ailments by a mere stroking of the
affected areas of the body. In obtaining his
patent, Perkins touched off a firestorm of
controversy around the world. At home
Perkins was praised by university profes-
sors, practicing physicians and even the
Chief Justice of the United States, but he
was expelled by his colleagues from his
state medical society. The Royal Physicians
of Denmark confirmed his observations
and further attested to the value of the
“Tractors” and their use and coined the
term “Perkinism” for the procedure. Perkins
believed his Tractors to be effective for re-
lieving misery in practically all painful con-
ditions, however, he proclaimed them es-
pecially effective for gout, pleurisy, crippling
rheumatism, “inflammatory tumors (ab-
scesses)” and in calming and sedating vio-
lent cases of insanity. He also believed his
Tractor treatment, with antiseptics, could
cure yellow fever effectively; when the New
York yellow fever epidemic of 1799 was at
its peak Perkins went there to demonstrate
his Tractor therapy - he died of yellow fe-
ver in two weeks after arriving in New York.

In 1771 the Swiss physician Franz
Anton Mesmer (1753 - 1815) conceived the
principals of magnetism in the human
hand. In 1792 Luigi Galvani (1737 - 1798 )
of Bologna introduced the concept of thera-
pies based on animal electricity.

Bismuth is commonly found as a con-
taminant of lead ore. Le’mery in the 1600's
called it, “a compound made in England
from the gross and impure tin found in
English mines.” The medical lexicographer
John Quincy (d 1722) thought that “bis-
muth was composed of tin, tartar and ar-
senic, made in the north of Germany.” It is
this tight association with tin, lead and ar-
senic and other metals that has led to con-
fusion about bismuths use in medicine. As

33

weeeeeeeD
ceeeeeee>

current as 1818 the French toxicologist
Mathieu-Joseph-Bonaventure Orfila (1787-
1853) was warning of the dangers of arsenic
poisoning from the internal administration
of bismuth.

Georg Agricola (1490-1555), the Ger-
man patriarch of mineralogy, called bismuth
by its name in 1546 but it may have been
isolated and identified as early as 1470.
Agricola thought of bismuth as a form of
lead; some alchemists of his time thought
bismuth gradually transmutated to silver
over time.

Alexander Marcet (1770-1822) of Guy's
Hospital, London, had delivered a paper
which, when published in 1805, had
brought the oxide of bismuth (“magistrey
of bismuth”) to the general use of the medi-
cal profession. At that time it was chiefly
used by the general public in cosmetics to
whiten the complexion. Marcet and other
physicians used it to treat dispepsia and
ulcers - “In pyrosis (burning sensation in
the stomach), cardialgia (heartburn) and
other local afflictions of the stomach, the
oxide of bismuth seems well calculated to
afford relief.”

The French physician Armond Trous-
seau (1801-1867) stated,” when an indi-
vidual in good health takes sub-nitrate of
bismuth, the only phenomenon to be no-
ticed is constipation, but the nervous func-
tions, the animal heat, the movements of
the heart, the urinary and cutaneous secre-
tions are not influenced in an appreciable
manner.”

In 1868 Adolf Kussmaul used bismuth
to treat gastric ulcers. Bismuth is still in
general use today as an OTC (over the
counter “drug”) to soothe the irritated gas-
trointestinal tract, diarrhea and dispepsia
as the tasty pink Pepto Bismol!! Bismuth
in combination with tetracycline is claimed

to be a cure for peptic ulcers caused by the
bacteria Helicobacter pylori by the National
Institutes of Health in 1994!

Aqua Toffana, an aqueous solution of
arsenic, was named after Toffa, a woman
prisoner executed with arsenic in Naples
in 1709. Arsenic was commonly used as a
treatment for syphilis in the 1500's. Tho-
mas Fowler of Staffordshire, England has
been honored as the only author who has
systematically treated and recorded the vir-
tues of arsenic “ Medical Reports on the
Effects of Arsenic in the care of Argues,
Remittent Fever and Periodic Headaches.”

Benjamin Rush, M.D., a signer of the
Declaration of Independence and this
nation’s first Surgeon General is famous for
his statement:

“The Constitution of this Re-
public should make special provi-
sions for Medical Freedom as well
as Religious Freedom. To restrict
the art of healing to one class of
men and deny equal privileges to
others will constitute the Bastille
of medical science. All such laws
are un-American and despotic.”

Rush became aware of arsenicals in
1789. One of his students, Nathaniel Pot-
ter on returning to Philadelphia in 1792 told
Dr. Rush of the wonders of arsenic as used
in England. They used arsenic on herpetic
eruptions with “good results after they had
resisted the usual remedies.” Rush also
used arsenic to treat cancer.

Early in the 19th and late 18th centu-
ries, physicians generally opposed the use
of arsenic “because it was a poison.” A most
famous answer to these skeptics was put
forth by Wm. Withering, “ Poisons in small
doses are the best medicines; and the best

34

weeeeeee>
RRR

medicine in too large doses are poisonous.”
- appeared in A Botanical Arrangement of
all Vegetables Naturally Grown in Great
Britain According to the System of the Great
Linnaeus (1766).

Research in the medical uses of arsenic
remained very active until 1945 when peni-
cillin came into general medical use and was
thought to be a superior treatment for syphi-
lis with fewer side effects. Arsenic is still used
today for the systemic treatment of sleeping
sickness (Trypanosomiasis) and amoebic
diseases. It is now generally accepted that
arsenic is in fact in trace levels an essential
element for optimal health and longevity.

Erasmus Ebener (1509) of Nerenberg is
credited as the first to recognize metallic
zinc. Paracelsus named the new mineral
zinken:

“There is another metal, zinc,
which is in general unknown. It is a
distinct metal of a different origin,
though adulterated with many other
metals. It can be melted, for it con-
sists of three fluid principles, but it
is not malleable. In its color it is un-
like all others, and it does not grow
in the same manner; but with its
ultima materia I am as yet unac-
quainted, for it is almost as strange
in its properties as argentum vivum
(quicksilver).”

In 1869 zinc was recognized as an es-
sential nutrient for plants and animals, prior
to this time there were great debates as to
what zinc was:

“Albertus Magnus held that it
was combined with iron; Paracelsus
leaned to the idea that it was copper
in an altered form; Kunchel fancied

it was ‘congealed mercury’;
Schlutter thought it was tin rendered
fragile by combination with sulfur;
Le’mery supposed it was a form of
bismuth; Stahl held that brass was
a combination of copper with an
‘Earth’ (zinc) and phlogiston (fire);
Libavius (1597) described zinc as a
‘peculiar’ kind of tin!!!”

Joseph Lister (1827-1912) developed his
concept of antisepsis first trying zinc chlo-
ride but later turned to carbolic acid. Dr.
Campbell Morgan (1813-1876) surgeon to
the Middlesex Hospital, London used zinc
chloride after cancer surgery and amputa-
tions and reported, “ in many cases wounds
have healed in 24 hours, without the least
fullness or swelling, and leaving a scar line
which after a short time could hardly be
seen or felt.”

A severe drought was upon England
during the summer of 1618, Henry Wicker
of Epsom, a large village 17 miles south of
London, searched far and wide for a source
of water for his cattle. He found a small hole
filled with “bitter” water, he enlarged the
hole but the cattle refused to drink the foul
water. Before long this magnesium rich
spring was found to produce water that was
beneficial for external and internal medi-
cal use. For the next 10 years only the local
people used this healing spring; about that
time Lord Dudley North “under a melan-
choly disposition (constipation, depres-
sion), drank the mineral waters as a medi-
cine and noted it to be a very effective pur-
gative.” “Epsom Water” was rapidly ac-
cepted as an internal remedy and purifier
of the blood. During the reign of Charles II
Epsom became a fashionable play ground
for the rich - so much so, that in 1690, the
Lord of the manor built a 70 foot long ball-

35

PREREREED
CREREERED

room. In 1695 a botanical histologist
Nehemiah Grew (1641-1712) finally iso-
lated magnesium sulfate from the Epsom
water. By 1700 Epsom was averaging 2,000
daily visitors. Magnesium carbonate (mag-
nesia alba) was admitted to the London
Pharmacopoeia in 1787. In 1808 magne-
sium as the pure metal was isolated by the
famous English chemist Humphry Davy
(1788-1829). Davy also experimented with
barium oxide, strontium oxide and calcium
oxide (lime). Initially Davy called magne-
sium - magnium because “ Magnesium has
already been applied to metallic manga-
nese.”

In 1905 and 1906 Samuel James
Meltzer (1851-1920) and his associate John
Auer (1875-1948) at the Rockerfeller Insti-
tute researched the effects of magnesium
salts on tetanus. They also demonstrated
the anesthetic values of magnesium. In
1925 Edmond Meyer Lazard introduced IV
injections of magnesium sulfate in
eclampsia (convulsions of pregnancy). Vet-
erinarians routinely use magnesium sulfate
with chloral hydrate (Micky Finns') as a
short acting anesthetic to geld horses.

Despite the endless historical support
for minerals as essential nutrients and safe
efficient therapies for human disease the
allopathic medical profession relentlessly
kept turning toward the more dramatic
“therapies.”

A classic example of the philosophy of
the allopath in the face of a disease that
can be relieved or cured by nutrition is the
medical abuse of President George Wash-
ington who was suffering from influenza
(dehydration and diarrhea) - chicken soup,
some herbs (Echinacia, Goldenseal) and
bismuth would have been a safe and effec-
tive approach for the Father of our Coun-
try, however, as you will see the descrip-

tion of the final agony of George Washing-
ton as he lay dying from his allopathic phy-
sicians attentions (Eclectic Gleaner, 1858)
you are better off with a grandmothers ap-
proach than suffer the best medicine from
the best physicians of the medical profes-
sion:

“Think of a man being, within
the brief span of a little more than
twelve hours, deprived of 80 or 90
ounces of blood (six pints); after-
ward swallowing two moderate
American doses of calomel (mer-
cury) and five or six grains of emetic
tartar (antimony); vapors of water
and vinegar frequently inhaled; blis-
ters applied to his extremities (mer-
cury); a cataplasm of bran and vin-
egar applied to his throat, upon
which a blister had already been
affixed, is it surprising that when
thus treated the afflicted general, af-
ter various ineffectual struggles for
utterance at length articulated a de-
sire that he might be allowed to die
without interruption?”

36

a

Chapter 3

“Those who now advocate eating natural foods as
the only source of vitamins and minerals live ina
dream world of yesterday. What was yesterdays law
is todays folly. It really doesn’t matter how well you
balance your meals, or if you're a meat-eater,
vegetarian, or a raw-foodist, you still run the risk of
malnutrition if you try to get all your vitamins and
minerals exclusively from the foods you eat."

- Paavo Airola, PhD
The Airola Diet and Cook Book

OUR EARTH IS ANEMIC:
The Argument for Expensive Urine!

Our Earth is anemic!!!! A potentially apocalyptic mixture of mining, deforestation, farming, irrigation and acid rain has shifted, eroded or leached our life giving and life-sustaining raw materials from our formerly mineral rich land. Unfortunately we were given a finite amount of raw materials in the Earth's crust and without regular and large numbers of mineral rich meteors or volcanic eruptions (i.e.- Mt. St. Helens, eastern Washington; Mt. Pinatubo, Philippines, etc.) we are forced to make do with what we have. There are those who would remineralize mountain ranges, forests, farms and yes, whole continents to get minerals into our crops and therefore into our human food chain; but put into economic perspective these dreams are not sustainable. To remineralize the Earth is technically possible but as a realistic project would be an economic impossibility.

To remineralize the Earth for one grow-

ing season we would have to grind up the
equivalent of Mauna Loa, the colossal Ha-
waiian mountain, each year and redistrib-
ute the resultant rock dust several times
each year to coincide with soil preparation
and planting. To comprehend the enormity
of this task one has to appreciate that
Mauna-Loa is the most massive mountain
in the world and is also the largest volcano;
Mauna Loa rises 13,677 feet above the sur-
face of the Pacific Ocean - an additional
17,000 feet drops from the water's surface
to the ocean floor making it technically
taller (almost 1 mile taller!) than Mt.
Everest. Mauna Loa’s total mass is 100
times larger than that of Mt. St. Helens in
Washington state and the lava that forms
the massive dome could cover the land
masses of the Earth with four feet of addi-
tional mineral dust. As a result of such a
Herculean effort your hamburger would
reach the eye-popping price of $275 per

37

pound and corn $35 per ear - how would
that be for sticker shock!!

When Charles Darwin sailed the Beagle
to the east coast of South America in 1833,
he recorded a fine, red dust accumulating
on his ship each day and correctly deduced
that the dust originated in west Africa. This
African dust in its westerly flight travels all
the way to the Amazon and the rainforests
where it is essential to replenishing the rain
leached mineral poor soils of the rainforests
annually! Man has always realized the
enormity of the great and tireless power of
the Earth's winds, but their importance to
the biological vitality of the Earth and the
mineral value of our food is far beyond what
we have ever dreamed. There are many
wind currents , east to west, that transport
great loads of mineral dust across predict-
able routes, “linking ecosystems hundreds
and even thousands of miles apart.” Billions
of tons of mineral rich dust from the deserts
of Asia and Africa annually fertilize oceans
and rainforests halfway around the world.

Michael Garstang, professor of meteo-
rology at the University of Virginia in
Charlottesville says, “During the violent
Amazonian rainstorms, the particulates that
originate in African deserts are literally
sucked out of the sky.” Garstang and his
colleagues calculate that 13,000,000 tons
of African and Asian mineral rich dust en-
ter the Amazonian soils each season to
enrich the rain leached and depleted tropi-
cal soils!!! The wind-borne African dust
adds essential and critical minerals to help
maintain the rainforests productivity.
“While the Amazon Basin teems with life the
soil itself lacks reserves of nutrients, espe-
cially phosphates, which spur plant growth.
The historical record shows that the Amazon
rainforest has periodically shrunk to a frac-
tion of its present size, then bounded back

again, and the researchers now believe that
it expands and contracts as the amount of
nourishing African dust waxes and wanes
with mirror changes in the Saharan desert.”

The principle minerals found in the
coarse inorganic fraction of soil are directly
related to those minerals present in the lo-
cal parent rock. Minerals that are resistant
to weathering (i.e.- quartz) are especially
abundant in soils while minerals that
weather quickly are rare or are absent. It is
therefore possible to calculate the relative
age or maturity of a soil covering igneous
rocks from its content of primary minerals
(i.e.- feldspar, mica, amphiboles and py-
roxenes); these relatively soluble minerals
are common in young soil and less abun-
dant in mature soils and absent from se-
nescent soils. Soils covering sandstone of-
ten contain 90 to 99 % quartz; those soils
overlying limestone are made up of as much
as 80 % calcium carbonate.

It is obvious that minerals are not equally distributed in soils. The scary part is that fields where our food crops are grown do not contain a uniform blanket of minerals, if they contain any nutritional minerals at all, they occur in veins much like the chocolate swirls found in chocolate ripple ice cream - at best depending solely on getting minerals from food grown in soil is a very risky crap shoot!!

Trace elements are defined as those el-
ements present in soils in amounts of less
than 0.1 % by weight. Sixty percent of all
trace minerals are found in the coarse inor-
ganic fraction of the soil including Ba, Be,
Co, Cr, Cu, Ga, La, Li, Mn, Mo, Ni, Pb, Rb,
Se, Sr, V, Y and Zr.

Rare Earths refers to any of a large se-
ries of very similar oxides of metals obtained
from widely distributed but relatively scarce
minerals. The Rare Earth metals are often

38

—_________ |]

divided into three groups, according to the
method of separating them:

1) the cerium metals
(lanthanum, cerium,
praseodymium,
neodymium, illinium,
samarium).

the terbium metals
(europium, gadolinium,
terbium).

the yttrium or ytterbium
metals ( dysprosium,
holmium, erbium, thulium,
yttrium, ytterbium, lutecium).

2)

3)

The atomic numbers of these Rare Earth
metals ( with exception of yttrium, consid-
ered by some not to be a true Rare Earth
metal) are consecutive ( from 57 to 71 ).
Beryllium, hafnium, scandium, thorium and
zirconium are also included as Rare Earths
by some geochemists. Rare Earths added
to laboratory animals diets as a supplement
to the well recognized major and trace min-
erals have doubled the expected life span
of the species. Human nutrition pundits
recognize new nutrients as valuable for hu-
mans anywhere from 50 to 1000 years af-

ter they are recognized in animal nutrition.
These Rare Earths, known to be so vital to
animal health and longevity (and most
probably our human health and longevity)
are no longer found in our food supply in
any consistent or significant amounts - the
only warranty to adequate Rare Earth in-
take for us humans is daily supplementa-
tion!!

Basic soils tend to be rich in minerals
whose ionic radius is close to that of mag-
nesium, i.e.- Co, Cr, Cu, Fe, Mg, Ni, Se, Ti,
V and Zn. Acidic soils containing feldspar
that have ionic radius’ close to silica, cal-
cium or potassium, i.e. - Al, Ba, Ca, Cs, Hf,
K, La, Na, Nb, Pb, Rb, Sr, Ta, Tl, Y and Zr,
Limestones are rich in elements which form
insoluble carbonates, i.e.- Ba, Ca, Mg, Mn,
Pb and Sr.

Colloidal inorganic particles are referred
to as clay; clay minerals are primarily alu-
minosilicates, many of which swell in wa-
ter and act as ion exchangers. The hydrous
(water) oxides of aluminum, iron and
manganese are responsible for the natural
colors of most clays, i.e.- blue, gray, red,
orange, black; they also function as scav-
engers for phosphate and some trace min-
erals and Rare Earths:

Formulae of Common Clay Types

Clay Formula

Source Occurrence

Muscovite ..
Biotite ....
Vermiculite
Montmorillonite ..
Chlorite
Attapulgite .
Halloysite
Kaolinite ....

.. KALSi,Al,0,q(0H),
.. KA,Si,(Mg,Fe,)0,,(OH),
K, Al, Ss AlosFeaMa, 09(0H),

..Fe,Mg,(OH),,Si,Al,0,,(OH),
.. Mg,Si,0,,(OH),(H20),

~ SigAl,0,o(OH),(H20),
.Si,Al,0,9(0H), -

Micas......
Micas.....
Many soil types
. Many soil types
Podzols, Deserts
Deserts
Podzols, Tropical
Podzols, Tropical

Serpentine.
Basalt...
Granite ...
Granite ...

39

BeRRELIED
PRERERERD

A good representative of a local or re-
gional soil solution is river water (Table 1-
2), which usually reflects the average com-
position of the soil solutions in water sheds
they drain. In regions of high rainfall, soil
elements are almost all leached from the
soil (i.e.-rainforests and wet temperate
zones); in acid soil, mineral elements con-
centrate in the surface layers, especially
where saline (salt) water is drawn to the
surface from subsoil by capillary action -
this leads to the formation of crusts of so-
dium chloride (“salting”). The solubility of
crystalline silica in distilled water is 6 ppm;
silica ground to a particulate diameter of
0.0004 has a solubility of 30 ppm.

In well drained soils, the “soil atmo-
sphere” is almost exactly equivalent to the
atmosphere. In poorly drained soils the
oxygen content declines and the carbon
dioxide levels increase to 5-10 % by vol-
ume. In permafrost soils there is no free
oxygen and the soil atmosphere consists of
80 % nitrogen and inert gases and 20 %
carbon dioxide by volume.

The conversion of oxygen to carbon di-
oxide is caused by the microorganisms that
decompose organic matter. There are basi-
cally two types of soil organisms - those that
require oxygen (aerobic) and those that do
not like oxygen and thrive best in reduced
or zero oxygen levels (anaerobic). At less
than 100 ppm oxygen the soil becomes
anaerobic.

In addition to the large number of mi-
croscopic organic molecules, many of which
dissolve in the soil solution, soils contain
insoluble, polymeric organic matter known
as humus. Humus is in dynamic equilib-
rium, being oxidized by some organisms
and being formed from organic debris by
others. Its structure and composition is not
completely understood, but it is heteroge-

neous and contains 55 % carbon, 0.6 - 5.4
% non-basic nitrogen and small amounts
of sulfur.

Humus particles are of colloidal dimen-
sions and bind so strongly to particles of
clay and hydrous oxides that it is difficult
to separate them intact. The small organic
particles in the soil include a great variety
of acidic compounds. They are products of
partial decomposition of organic polymers
by bacteria and fungi and include the com-
mon amino acids, acetic acid, butyric acid,
citric acid, formic acid, 2- keto gluconic
acid, malic acid, oxalic acid, tartaric acid
and a variety of lichen acids. These acids
lower the ph (acidify) of the soil solution
which increases the rate of dissolution of
primary minerals and to chelate and thus
make more soluble many inorganic ele-
ments including Al, Cu, Fe, Ni, P and Zn.

Resident organisms living in the soil are
divided into three groups, i.e.- producers,
predators and decomposers. Producers in-
clude algae and bryophytes which live on
the exposed surface of the soil; and green
vascular plants that have roots that pen-
etrate from 0.1 to 50 meters or more into
the Earth’s crust. The green plants “fix” car-
bon dioxide from the air while the roots take
up inorganic ions (minerals) from the soil
solution and convert them to highly avail-
able plant colloidal minerals. Closed plants
take up or “mine” 0.01 kg (10 mg) of min-
erals per square meter per year or approxi-
mately 48.4 grams per acre per year. Un-
less the entire plant is returned to the soil
each year (as in leaf mulch or a tree falling
and decomposing in the forest) the plant
essentially “mines” the minerals from the
soil (as in harvesting crops) to be carried
off and used somewhere else, thus deplet-
ing the soil's native reserves of minerals.

The predators living in the soil include

40

weeeeeeeD
eee

armies of tiny arthropods, mites and spring-
tails and lesser numbers of larger animals
such as earth worms and grubs. They de-
tive their nutrition from partially digested
inorganic material, by further digesting the
“soil” they release more elements from the
organic mix which makes them more avail-
able for plants.

The decomposers are microorganisms
which make up only a small fraction by
weight of soil yet they are essential to soil
health. Their metabolic processes are
geared to aerobic decomposition of organic
matter, however, they can and do oxidize
or reduce a large number of inorganic soil
constituents. Ancient exhausted soils (i.e.-
oxisols and altisols), contain very little or-
ganic matter and are poor in minerals and
plant nutrients; they are mainly either
kailinite derived from granite and/or acidic
rocks, or out of the hydrous oxides of
gibbsite or goethite which are derived from
basalt and/or basic rocks.

Soil conditioners such as animal ma-
nure, green manure (cover crops such as
clover, beans, etc.), compost, humic shale,
mulch and sphagnum moss increase the
soi] organic matter which feeds the soil or-
ganisms, increases the percentage of soil
atmosphere and the water holding capac-
ity which in turn increases the yield in tons
and bushels per acre yet does little or noth-
ing to increase the mineral content of the
crops.

Rotating crops and “resting” the field
every seventh year will increase the nitro-
gen levels of the soil and thus increases the
yields in tons and bushels but does not
appreciably increase the mineral content of
the food grown on the fields. In the frozen
tundra, the rates of weathering and of pro-
duction of organic matter are very slow, and
the soils (entisols) contain many primary

minerals; they also contain high levels of
organic matter since this is decomposed
very slowly, especially in bogs:

“Ahu, from time immemorial the bogs
have been worthless except for the snipe
and the hare - and paddies like myself who
work them for a winter’s warmth.”

On the surface, bogs are like a minia-
ture forest of sphagnum mosses, heath and
sedges; farmers have historically cut blocks
of the black gelatinous peat from the depths
and dried them to insulate their homes and
fuel their fires. Found on all continents ex-
cept Antarctica, bogs are predominantly
found in the northern latitudes where with-
drawing glaciers created depressed wet-
lands with little or no drainage. Bogs that
are perpetually fed by springs are called
“fens”.

Wetlands, in their deep layers contain
high levels of humic acids. In their unique
anaerobic environment the extraordinarily
well preserved remains of more than 2,000
humans have been found - most of them
dating back 2,300 to 8,000 years ago. Wa-
terlogged plants in the anaerobic environ-
ment of the bog are slow to decompose.
Dead plant material accumulates and be-
comes “peat” - the precursor of coal. The
sphagnum mosses actually produce large
amounts of substances with “antibiotic”
characteristics and create an acid environ-
ment. In many parts of New England and
Wisconsin glaciers created “kettle” holes
which filled in with peat vegetation.

Across section of plants typically found
in a peat bog and what they contribute to
the bog ecosystem include:

Leather leaf - photosynthesis
Rosemary - photosynthesis
Orchids - are symbiotic with acid
adapted fungi which release plant

4

PRRLEREED
PRREEERED

nutrients from the peat.

Pitcher plant - catches insects for
nitrogen (amino acid) source
Sundew - catches insects for nitro-
gen (amino acid ) source

tea - folk & Indian medicine

and food

Cranberry - folk & Indian medicine
and food

False Soloman’s seal - folk remedy
for arthritis

Sphagnum moss is universally valued
for agriculture and horticulture as a soil
conditioner and a source of humic acids.
Indians used the dried moss for baby dia-
pers; in WW1surgical dressings were made
from the dried moss. Germany, Belgium, the
Netherlands and Denmark have consumed
nearly all of their native supply of commer-
cially harvestable peat bogs. Generally, peat
is low in minerals as the acid environment
leaches the minerals from the surface lay-
ers into the deeper layers as they flow away
from the bog with the exiting springs.

In coniferous forests the dead organic
materials shed by the trees covers the soil
where it is decomposed by fungi. The de-
composition products include many organic
acids which leach iron and aluminum out
of the soils upper layers forming podzol or
spodosol in the lower layers.

In deciduous forests the dead organic
leaf litter on the forest floor is mixed with
the surface layers of soil by earth worms,
which are more numerous in deciduous
forests than in the acid coniferous soils. The
resulting soils are known as brown forest
soils (inceptisols) which have a high con-
tent of clay and humus.

In grasslands the dead organic matter
consists mainly of grass roots, which are
intimately mixed with the soil. The rainfall

is frequently too low to cause a leaching of
the minerals, so the resulting virgin prairie
soils tend to be rich in plant organic nutri-
ents; they are known as chernozems or
mollisols, and have a high content of clay
and humus. In deserts and acid regions the
covering vegetation of herbs, cactus and
woody shrubs does not cover the soil sur-
face and does not return much organic
matter to the soil. The low rainfall results
in little or no leaching; the rate of clay for-
mation in the desert soil is very low. Soluble
inorganic soil constituents tend to accumu-
late in closed natural basins or salt lakes
(The Great Salt Lake or The Salten Sea).
These desert soils are known as serozems
or aridisols.

Plants and animals that accumulate and
concentrate unusual amounts of minerals
are known as accumulator organisms (Table
3-1).

As far as supplements go, vitamins have
historically “gotten the glory” and minerals
were mere stepchildren in the “multiple vi-
tamin” - everyone asks, “Dear, did you take
your vitamins today?” Of course they mean,
“Dear, did you take your multiple vitamins
and minerals today?” As a result of miner-
als being found historically free in nature
or bone meal and thus accessable to most
everyone, the medical community rarely
looks at minerals as something to prescribe
or recommend.

Minerals, however are in fact required
by any and all body functions from the ba-
sic subcellular molecular biological “metal-
lic fingers” of RNA and DNA to electro-
chemical, catalytic, structural, reproduc-
tion, maintenance, repair and a plethora of
miscellaneous functions.

As important as minerals are to human
flesh and the very existence of man, hu-
man-kind has placed more value on ma-

42

Table 3-1 .Known Accumulator Organisms

Al: Club mosses or lycophytes
As: Brown algae & coelenterates
B: Brown algae & sponges
Br: Brown algae, sponges, coelenterates and molluscs
Ca: Protozoa, sponges, coelenterates, echinoderms, molluscs and vertebrates
Cl: Soft coelenterates
Cu: Annelids, orthropods and molluscs
F: Vertebrates
Fe: Bacteria, plankton and horse tails
I: Diatoms, brown algae, sponges, coelenterates and marine annelids
Mn: Ferns and marine crustaceans
Na: Soft coelenterates
Si: Horse tails, diatoms, protozoa and sponges
V: Ascidians
Y: Ferns
Zn: Coelenterates

chines, futures, stocks and bonds, hospi-
tals, space travel, light weight metals for jet
planes, fat free diets and bans on smoking
than on our metabolic need for minerals
themselves.

The scary part is we have had official
warnings since 1936 (58 years ago)!!!U.S.
Senate Document # 264, published by the
2nd session of the 74th Congress (1936)
stated:

“Do you know that most of us today are
suffering from certain dangerous diet defi-
ciencies which cannot be remedied until the
depleted soils from which our foods come
are brought into proper mineral balance ? “

“The alarming fact is that foods - fruits and vegetables and grains, now being raised on millions of acres of land that no longer contains enough of certain needed minerals, are starving us - no matter how much of them we eat! “

“You'd think, wouldn’t you, that a car-
Tot is a carrot - that one is about as good as
another as far as nourishment is concerned?
But it isn’t; one carrot may look and taste
like another and yet be lacking in the par-
ticular mineral element which our system
requires and which carrots are supposed to
contain.”

“Laboratory tests prove that the fruits,
the vegetables, the grains, the eggs, and
even the milk and the meats of today are
not what they were a few generations ago
(which doubtless explains why our forefa-
thers thrived on a selection of foods that
would starve us!).”

“No man of today can eat enough fruits and vegetables to supply his stomach with the mineral salts he requires for perfect health, because his stomach isn’t big enough to hold them!”

“It is bad news to learn from our leading authorities that 99 % of the American people are deficient in these minerals, and that a marked deficiency in any one of the more important minerals actually results in disease. Any upset of the balance, any considerable lack of one or another element, however microscopic the body requirement might be, and we sicken, suffer, and shorten our lives.”

“Lacking vitamins, the system can make some use of minerals, but lacking minerals, vitamins are useless.”

There are those who would say that the
statements in U.S. Senate Document # 264
are out of date and not relevant to today as
we have better analytical tools to find nu-
trients in the soil we couldn’t find 58 years
ago. Yes, we have better and more accu-
rate tools with which to measure minerals
in our farm and range soils today; however,
the mineral content continues to deterio-
rate at an ever accelerating pace as a result
of farming, grazing, irrigating and acid rain.
This means that if we depend solely upon
our food for our daily share of minerals for
our bodies requirements, we have less of a
chance of accomplishing it than winning the
$100,000,000 lottery or a Las Vegas “Crap
Shoot.”

In June of 1992, an Earth Summit Re-
port was issued in Rio that documented the
decline in numbers of various rare and en-
dangered species, enlarging holes in the
ozone layer, disappearence of tropical rain
forests and indigenous peoples - yet the
most important and immediate crisis fac-
ing the human race was glossed over and
relegated to the rear pages of the volumi-
nous report - the decline of nutritional min-
erals in farm and range soils by continent
over the last hundred years.

The findings of the Earth Summit Re-
port are staggering in face of the percent-
ages of decline of mineral values over the
last hundred years and they in fact give
numerical weight to what was reported in
U.S. Senate Document # 264 - 58 years ear-
lier!!, The results of the Earth Summit Re-
port on the decline of mineral values in our
farm and range soils show that North

America ( United States, Canada and
Mexico ) is far more affected than all other
continents:

Minerals
Continent % Depleted over 100 years
Africa 74 %
Asia 76 %
Australia 55 %
Europe 72 %
North America 85 %
South America 76 %

How could American soils become so

anemic ? Don’t we fertilize ? What about
organically grown food ? To understand our
planets plight we have to understand soil,
water and our human agricultural history,
for man with all his progress makes the
same mistake over and over and over
again!!!

“How readily we manipulate our
soil. We rearrange and restructure
it. We pump it full of chemicals, we
flood it, we drain it. On its health
the fate of empires has rested. Yet
we avoid it. In our cities, rivers of
concrete keep us from its touch.
Naked it tends to offend the eye. But
a close look reveals that the soil is
an essential bridge between the rock
below and the life above. It is dy-
namic and vital, and far too easily -
and frequently abused.”

- Boyd Gibbons
National Geographic

In the 4,000 years between the forma-
tion of the first nation-states and the early

PREREEEED
BREED

Christian era, the Earth’s human popula-
tion increased from approximately 87 mil-
lion to 225 million. Eighty percent of these
peoples lived under the cruel military heel
of the Romans, Chinese Han or the Indian
Grupa Empires. The populations of the core
areas (the seats of government and enter-
prise) closely associated with the great river
valleys did not rise without population
curbs during their 4,000 years of develop-
ment. There was a finite limit to how many
humans and animals could be supported
and crowded into the fertile flood plains
(high mineral silt) of Egypt, Mesopotamia,
India and China.

Outside these core areas of growth and
development, populations continued to in-
crease as larger empires and additional sec-
ondary and tertiary empires arose; however,
one by one the original core areas eventu-
ally reached the upper limits of what popu-
lations they could support. Our most reli-
able information on ancient population
dynamics comes from ancient Chinese
population figures that accurately span
more than 2,000 years. Authoritative cen-
sus data shows that for the period A.D. 2 to
A.D. 742 China’s total average population
hovered at 50 million with peaks of 58 mil-
lion and lows of 48 million.

“Century after century the standard of
living in China. Northern India,
Mesopotamia, and Egypt hovered slightly
above or below what might be called the
threshold of pauperization. When popula-
tion density in a particular region climbed
too high, standards of living dipped below
the subsistence threshold. This led to wars,
famines, and population decline; With
lower densities, the standard of living would
rise more to a point slightly above the long-
term average.”

China’s population growth rate hovered

at nearly zero for almost 2,000 years. After
1450, however, the bounty of food in terms
of tons produced by the introduction of new
varieties of rice, sweet potatoes and Ameri-
can Indian corn allowed the Chinese popu-
lation to increase again.

Modern population experts are amazed
by the “stationary” characteristic of the
human populations of dynastic cultures.
Kings, emperors, pharaohs and their courts
appeared and disappeared every ten years
or so. Dynasties rose and fell; however, the
plight of the coolie, ryots, and fellahin went
on endlessly, just a tad above the subsis-
tence level. The old empires were “warrens”
packed with illiterate peasants laboring
from before dawn to after dark to produce
only a marginal high carbohydrate low pro-
tein vegetarian diet, hardly better off than
their livestock. It is interesting (and worri-
some) to note that these near starving to-
talitarian states survived for thousands of
years longer than any other form of gov-
ernment known to date which illustrates the
fact that there is no warranty in “progres-
sive” human cultures that ensure material
or moral gain!

Each ancient culture developed their
unique fabric of social life. Yet for all their
dissimilarities, China, India, Mesopotamia
and Egypt shared almost identical forms of
political economy. They each had a cen-
tralized class of bureaucrats and lineage for
despotic lords claiming mandates from
heaven or that they were themselves gods.
Governments provided communication by
building and maintaining roads and canals
to link rivers to far flung villages. The “state
was stronger than society.” The
government's right to collect taxes, take
materials and conscript humans for beasts
of burden was without limit.

Censuses were carried out village by

45

-

PRRERELLD
PRREEELED

village to estimate availability of labor and
taxable population bases; governments sent
forth great armies to construct huge state
projects such as tombs, pyramids, defen-
sive barriers and palaces of gargantuan pro-
portion and design. In Egypt alone 100,000
people were required to carry out the
projects of the Old Kingdom; a conscripted
labor force of 84,000 was raised to work for
80 days each year for 20 years to build the
Great Pyramid of Cheops.

China used a million men at each sea-
son to build the Great Wall; a second mil-
lion labored to build the Grand Canal - over
2,000,000 per month were put to labor in
the construction of the Sui Dynasty’s East-
ern capital and imperial palace during the
reign of Emperor Yang (A.D. 604-617).

The ancient empires shared another fea-
ture - each was a “hydrolic society.” They
developed in arid or semiarid plains and
valleys fed and more importantly periodi-
cally flooded by great rivers that originated
in high rocky snow covered mountains or
rain forests. By means of dams, canals,
flood control, and drainage projects, gov-
ermments delivered water and mineralized
silt to the peasants fields. Applied in steady

and unlimited amounts relatively high“

yields of highly mineralized grain per acre
were possible as long as the primary river
flooded annually! The larger the river, the
larger the food production potential of the
area through which it flowed (i.e.- Nile,
Yangtze, Ganges, Themes, Danube, Missis-
sippi, Missouri, Ohio, etc.). However, the
larger the river - the greater were the prob-
lems in harnessing its potential. The dynas-
tic governments and empires constructed
huge networks of ponds and canals,
ditches, dams, levees and drainage ditches
in attempts to regulate and control flow of
water and silt.

The scale of the hydrolic projects re-
quired literally changing the face of the
Earth - leveling mountains, modifying river
banks, digging and directing new river beds
to change the course of the river. The
herculean task of conscripting labor, over-
seeing construction, feeding and housing
the armies of humans required for such
tasks could only be carried out by the state
working to a single master plan.

The unique capacity of hydrolic states
to recover regardless of regular dynastic col-
lapse, civil war and invasions by hordes of
barbarians is a characteristic of the sym-
biosis between their political structures and
their ecological adaptation.

The enormous size and endless lists of
complex new rules and laws passed by the
emperor gave lords and high ranking state
officers and the lesser bureaucrats an envi-
ronment in which they could quench their
own greed at the expense of their constitu-
ents (kind of sounds like the American gov-
ernment doesn't it!!!). Even if the supreme
ruler was just and benificent the bureau-
cracy fattened themselves at the expense
of the general population.

Corruption grew geometrically with the
number of years the dynasty or empire
stayed in power. Public works projects be-
came neglected, dikes sprung leaks, canals
became choked with undistributed silt and
agricultural production declined. Incompe-
tence in maintenance, human error and
natural catastrophes added to the political
erosion - a reigning dynasty or empire could
no longer support the vast armies required
to protect their borders and maintain inter-
nal order.

Ripped by internal strife the empire be-
came vulnerable to the barbarian hordes
from outside the walls, to the expansionist
dreams of their, now stronger neighbors and

46

weeeRsee>
RED

their own disenchanted peasant masses -
the dynasty or empire then collapsed. Fam-
ine, poverty, plagues, mass burials or cre-
mation, rotting corpses, mass suicides, can-
nibalism, anarchy, hundreds of thousands
of refugees set out to find new prosperity
and safety, civil war, riots and wide spread
looting were common, roving gangs and
deserters from the armies prayed on the
populace as well as looted public and royal
tombs (Somalia, Rwanda, Haiti, Bosnia-
Serbia, Easter Island, etc.).

Regardless of who came to power and
ran the new state, if they wanted to enjoy
the benefits of winning the war and taking
over the territory, their first task would have
to be repairing the dikes, dredging the silt
and reed choked canals, reconstructing
crumbled levees and breathing new life into
the basic hydrolic form of agriculture. This
cycle was repeated over and over- water and
silt were so basic and so important to life
itself that drawings on the mace head of
the Scorpian King illustrates in 3100 B.C.
the ruler at a ground breaking ceremony for
a new irrigation canal!

The New World had its hydrolic societ-
ies too, including the pre-Columbian
mesoamerican cultures of the coasts and
highlands of Peru who built complex ter
race and aqueduct irrigation systems as well
as by the Teotihuacan and the Aztecs’ can-
nibal societies of the Valley of Mexico.
These hydrolic societies cultivated maize,
potatoes and blue-green algaes as carbo-
hydrate sources - their soils lacked the min-
erals required to raise livestock and main-
tain human health so they developed com-
plex ritualistic cannibal societies to justify
the wholesale consumption of human flesh
and bones as their main protein and min-
eral source.

The settling of the Americas by Europe-

ans introduced dry land farming that relied
on rain and snow as water sources for agri-
culture - land was free for the taking all one
had to do was clear the forests or plow the
prairies. Unfortunately, without the annual
flooding and supply of silt supplied in the
great flood plains of the hydrolic societies
and smaller river bottoms the land “played
out” in five to ten years forcing the small
farm family to pack up and move west to
new still “virgin” or untilled soils.

The first signs that the soil was “played
out” did not appear as obvious changes in
the crops, but rather in the humans and
livestock relying on the land as a food
source. The newborn infants, calves, lambs
and pigs were underweight, weak and died,
the women, cows, ewes and sows became
infertile, pneumonia and flu killed people
and animals of all ages during the winter,
adult humans and animals died of new
unheard of diseases many years before their
expected time for death. To escape these
terrible places of death and despair people
unceremoniously packed up and left.

Those who could not or would not leave
their exhausted homesteads finally ob-
served declines in production, followed by
outright crop failure, erosion and dust bowl
formation. This scenario occurred over and
over on small individual farms of America
finally culminating in a total ecological col-
lapse that produced the great dust bowls of
Oklahoma, Texas, Nebraska, Iowa and
Kansas in the 1930's.

The problem of the soil “playing out”
was not a mystery but an accepted part of
the process of life and death in dry land
farming plains communities. There were
numerous ways in which to slow the pro-
cess including the biblical method of let-
ting the land rest every seventh year, the
application of animal manure to replace

47

Essie

used up organic matter, green manure
(plant debris or ground cover crops grown
to specifically protect against wind erosion,
hold moisture and add nitrogen to the soil),
composting plant and animal wastes to add
to the humus of the soil and the applica-
tion of guano (large quantities of nitrogen
tich droppings from shore birds) and lastly
the commercial fertilizers. These procedures
and applications only slowed or delayed the
process of crop failure while initially keep-
ing tonnage and bushel production up.

While nearly all farmers understand the
necessity to maintain the optimal level of
organic material and humus in their fields
to sustain tonnage production, very few
realize the slow insidious leaching and
depletion of the life giving minerals (min-
ing) from their land - after all we pay them
for tons and bushels not for an analysis of
minimal levels of various minerals in each
carrot, potato, broccoli or bushel of wheat
or rice! This belief is summed up ina state-
ment by a professor of soils from Iowa State
College of Agriculture Henry Cantwell
Wallace (George Washington Carver's fa-
vorite teacher and editor of the Wallace’s
Farmer ), “Nations endure only as long as
their topsoil.” The statement should relay
the message that “ Nations endure only as
long as nutritional minerals are available
in their top soils!”

An interesting side note is that George
Washington Carver would take Wallace’s
grandson for walks in the woods and fields
to talk about plants — that boy later be-
came the Secretary of Agriculture and then
went on to become the Vice President of
the United States two years before Carvers
death.

George Washington Carver was born a
slave just before the outbreak of the Civil
War - Carver grew up on bottom land near

48

Diamond Grove, Missouri in the foothills
of the Ozark Mountains in southwestern
Missouri and knew the value of silt and
river muck. He realized that mono crop-
ping or growing a single crop over and over,
season after season sped up the loss of fer-
tility and thus production.

In the post Civil War South, that “ol”
debbil cotton” was the primary cash crop;
as a mono crop it quickly mined the soil of
mineral nutrition and production fell pre-
cipitously adding to the misery of the war
drained South. In an experimental plot,
Carver observed that the production of the
land could be increased many fold over
commercial fertilizers by folding into the
soil dropped leaves from the forests, rich
muck from the swamps (silt) and simple
barn yard manure.

Carver also learned that increasing the
nitrogen in the soil by rotating crops actu-
ally enhanced production in terms of tons
and bushels. By finding numerous uses for
the peanut (everything from lubricating oils
for machinery to peanut butter) Carver was
able to quickly encourage crop rotation as
a general farm practice and thus brought
back the agricultural industry of the Old
South for both food and cash crops.

Dealing with silt, muck and manure is
a messy smelly business at best so it was
not too difficult for the fertilizer industry to
woo the farmers and ranchers into using
convenient liquid or pelleted chemical fer-
tilizers containing N P K. The letters N P K
represent nitrogen, phosphorous and po-
tassium - primary nutrients required by
crops to give the farmer a maximum yield
per acre of land in terms of tons and bush-
els.

Percentages of the three nutrients, N P
K, in fertilizers will vary with the type of
crop but the basic fertilizer since the turn

LOS ANGELES TIMES

Global Food Shortage Looms, Experts Say

By DONNA K. H. WALTERS
TIMES STAFF WRITER

nless more attention—and

money—are focused on agri-
cultural research and conservation,
the tragic famine in Somalia will
seem “infinitesimat’’ compared
with the massive food shortage the
(world will face by the end of the
decade, leading agricultural re-
searchers warned Friday at a sym-
posium in Washington on food,
poverty and the environment.

Even as a United Nations-led
network of research centers begins
work with relief agencies on the
difficult process of restoring Soma-
lia's devastated agricultural sys-
tem, other scientists in the net-
work are focusing on farming
techniques and crops designed to
safeguard and enhance the world’s
vulnerable food supplies.

At the symposium, which drew
agriculture experts from around
the world, announcements of prog-
ress in farming techniques and
crop breeding were the hopeful
spots amid dire predictions that by
the year 2000, the annual shortfall
in food needed to feed the world's
hungry could climb to 90 million
tons—eight times the shortage that
exists in sub-Saharan Africa today.

“In eight years, sub-Saharan
Africa will have a shortfall of 50
million tons, and there’s no way
they can afford to import that

much food,” said Per Pinstrup-An-
dersen, director general of the
International Food Policy Re-
search Institute, which sponsored
the symposium.

Dramatic improvements in crop
yields will be needed in the next 20
years to stave off disastrous star-
vation, Pinstrup-Andersen said. A

sub-Saharan Africa will
have a shortfall of 50
million tons.’

PER PINSTRUP- ANDERSEN
Agricultural researcher

ee

40% increase in production per
acre is possible, he said, but not if
the worldwide network of agricul-
tural research centers continues to
be starved for funds.

Annual international assistance
to developing countries for agri-
cultural programs fell to $10 billion.
from $12 billion during the 1980s,
and individual governments’ sup-
port for their own research and
conservation programs has fallen
even more sharply.

Key advances in production of
rice, the staple food for 1.5 billion
people in developing countries,
were announced by Gustavo Nores,
director general of the Internation-

al Center for Tropical Agriculture
in Cali, Colombia.

Nores said the center has devel-
oped a “rice-pasture” farming
technique for use on savannas that
could ease encroachment into Am-
azon rain forests. The system uses
a new rice that can be grown on
grassland used for cattle grazing.

In addition, a team of scientists
from the Colombian center and
Purdue University has made what
could be a significant breakthrough
in conquering rice blast, a disease
that has long frustrated research-
ers, Nores said.

Such advances often rely on
stores of seeds and plant materials
in “seed banks” throughout the
world. Many of those stores are
increasingly endangered, the sym-
posium was told.

he situation is grave at the

Vavilov Institute in St. Peters-
burg, Russia, the grandfather of all
seed banks and once the most
important collection of plant mate-
rials in the world. Secd collections
throughout Eastern Europe are
also in dire straits, said Geoffrey
Hawtin, director general of the
International Board of Plant Ge-
netic Resources.

“These governments are so
strapped for cash, they're talking
about staff cuts of 20% to 70%,”
Hawtin said.

49

| veeeeeeem

[eceaecal

Rwandan exodus

By Reid G. Miller, AP
FLEEING BLOODBATH: Thousands of Rwandans cross the
border into Tanzania, seeking refuge from the carnage in their
homeland; tribal warfare has taken at least 100,000 lives. An
estimated 250,000 people have fled, and relief workers fear they

are just the first wave. (U.S. military help sought, 4A)

220,000 fleeing Rwandans fed

REUTERS

NGARA, Tanzania — Aid
agencies distributed food to
220,000 Rwandan refugees in
Tanzania yesterday and an aid
worker said as many as 700
corpses were floating down the
border river every 24 hours.

Officials said enough food was
handed out from the International
Committee of the Red Cross
(ICRC) for 220,000 refugees who
came into northwest Tanzania
within 24 hours from last Thurs-
day.

The United Nations estimates
the number of refugees who ar-
rived through the Rusomo bridge
border-crossing point at more
than 250,000, but says most
were in good health and were
members of Rwanda’s majority
Hutu tribe.

Bloated corpses have been
floating down the rain-swollen
Kagera River from the Rwandan
interior for more than a week.

Some refugees say the bodies
are those of members of Rwan-
da’s Tutsi minority killed by ex-
tremist Hutu militiamen.

International aid agencies are
building what is expected to be
the largest refugee camp in the
world, 11 miles west of the bor-
der, for the thousands who fled
after Rwandan troops abandoned
the border crossing and before
rebels captured it.

Also yesterday, an ICRC
spokesman said 18 people were
killed when at least two mortar
bombs exploded late Sunday near
the Saint Famille church complex
in the Rwandan capital of Kigali.

U.N. peacekeepers did not
know the source of the fire, which
came during one of the heaviest
days of shelling of the city since
civil war broke out.

In other developments:

@ The rebel Rwandan Patriotic
Front said it will not take part in
any U.N. efforts to resolve the

Rwanda crisis until the U.N. spe-
cial representative has left the
country. The statement said U.N.
special envoy Jacques-Roger
Booh-Booh of Cameroon has “be-
haved in a very partisan manner.”

The White House said it is
sending two envoys to countries
bordering Rwanda in an effort to
get talks started to end the fight-
ing. The United States also
pledged $15 million toward a
U.N. emergency relief fund.

w The U.S. ambassador to the
United Nations, Madeleine
Albright, said Washington will
call for an international arms em-
bargo against Rwanda, but she
ruled out sending any U.S. forces
to the area.

@ Kofi Annan, the U.N. under-
secretary-general in charge of
peacekeeping, told a U.S. Senate
subcommittee he doubted the Or-
ganization of African Unity was
capable of mounting a peacekeep-
ing operation in Rwanda.

50

(22 SUNOAY, JANUARY 16, 1994 I_THE GRAND RAPIOS PRESS.

‘The Associated Press

Slowed growth in world food
supplies provides real evidence
that the planet's biological limits
may have been reached, an envi-
rorimental group says.

‘Among the signs: a three-month
doubling of world rice prices, mil-
lions of acres of rangeland chewed
down to uselessness, spreading
water shortages and an $80,000
tuna

“AS a result of our population
size, consumption patterns, and
technology choices, we have sur-
passed the planet's carrying capac-
ity,” Worldwatch said ‘in its 11th
annual ‘State of the World” report
on global environmental and social
conditions.

The growing pressure on world
food resources points to hungry
times ahead as Third World popu-
lations continue to explode, said
the report, released Saturday.

For more than two decades, sci-
entists have been saying that the
world can produce enough food to
feed all its inhabitants, that hunger
problems can be solved by increas-
ing yields and improving distribu
tion,

But this new report says family
planners, not farmers or scientists,
hold the’ key to future food sup-
plies.

Lester Brown, Worldwatch pres-
ident, said in an interview that his
staff of economists and social sci-
entists has been noticing the trend
for a few years now, but the critical
picture only came into focus with
is year’s research and analysis.
Woridwatch, whose report is being
published in 27 languages, is a pri-
vate, non-profit research group.

Without radical scientific break-
throughs, large increases in crop
yields that have allowed produc-
tion to keep up with 40 years of
rising consumption will probably
not be possible, Brown said

“Human demands are approach-
ing the limits of oceanic fisheries to
supply fish, of rangelands to sup-

Planet at biological limit?
Troubling evidence cited

port livestock and, in many coun-
tries, of the hydrological cycle to
produce fresh water,” Brown said
in the report.

The study notes that from 1950
to 1984, world grain production
grew 260 percent, raising per-capi-
ta production by 40 percent. Over
the same period, the world’s water-
ways yielded so much fish that the
seafood catch per person doubled.

“But in recent years, these
trends in food output per person
have been reversed with unantici-
pated abruptness,” the report said

It points to several trends:

¢ Fish harvests from the world’s
oceans have leveled off at about
100 million tons a year, which may
not be exceeded. Brown noted that
seafood prices are rising rapidly,
and abluefin tuna can now bring as
much as $80,000, or more than
$100 a pound

Water bodies are increasingly
polluted and fresh water shortages
Are occurring in the United States,
Mexico, China, India and the Mid-
east.

© Grain production has stowed
dramatically in the last few years,
with per-capita output of rice, corn
and wheat falling 11 percent since
1984. Worldwide stocks of rice are
at 20-year lows, and the price on
the Chicago Board Trade has dou-
bled since Aug. 30.

© Fertilizer use has dropped 12
percent since 1989, evidence that
maximum yields may have been
reached for many crops.

‘© Cropland has increased only 2
percent overthe last decade world-
wide, with topsoil disappearing
and some areas such as China rap-
idly losing farmland to industrial-
ization.

# Overgrazing, deforestation and
agricultural mismanagement have
ruined 5 million acres since 1945,

While some of the limits may be
good news for agriculture and the
fishing industries, which can ex-
pect higher prices, they are bad
news for millions of people.

THE NEW

YORK TIMES

MONDAY, MARCH 7, 1995

SEATTLE, March 6 — For the
volunteers who count fish return:
ing from the sea to fresh water
this has been the loneliest year
ever The surging Pacific salmon
land stecthead are gone, what the
fish counters at the Puget Sound
ship locks see when they stare at
| the giass wall separating them
| from the water 1s nothing but a
reflection of their own faces

‘Across the country, in Glouces
ter and New Bedford, Mass., the
story 1s the same After 350 years,
the oldest American fishing area
1s largely barren of the great
| swarms of haddock, cod and
| tounder that sustained more than
| iogenerations of New Fnglanders

‘and became mullions of fish
sticks,

The Ailantic fishermen have
asked that the Government treat
them lke carthqueke disaster
victims Last week, they honked
;arns m Boston Harbor
to draw attention 10 their phght
Tu some, was a funeral dirge

Echoes of a Sad Song.

From Chesapeake Bay, where
oystermen are fading hike fog in
the afternoon sun, 10 the Gulf of
Mexico, where grouper and red
| snapper are mostly a memory

people who pull fish from the sea
for a living are singing the same
sad song

Government officials say most
of the major commercial fishing
areas in this country outside Alas

U.S. Fishing Fleet Trawling
| Coastal Water Without Fish |

By TIMOTHY EGAN

ka are an trouble, and worldwide,
13 of the 17 principal fishing zones
ae depleted or in steep dechne

As for salmon an the Pi
Northwest. and three main com:
mercial species in New England,
the decline 1s catastrophic —
threatening 10 wipe out not only
whole industries but also cultures.
andcommunities that are fused 10 |
the cycles of tide and sea cur

A Year Without Salmon |

For the first time, there may be
ro ocean salmon fishing on the |
West Coast this year. a situation
roughly akin to Georgia not pro
ducing any peaches

Fishing communities in Massa: |
chuseus are i sich bad shape
that Gov Willam F Weld last
week requested emergency finan
cial aid trom the Federal Govern:
ment Thousands of fishermen
are in “immediate danger’ of os- |
tng thew homes and boats. this
spring, Mr Weld said |

Bul aside from devotees of wild
fish, consumers may not notice @
shortage of fish at the supermar.
ket In recent years, farm fish |
taised in pens in Norway oF South
‘America have flooded the market,
driving down the price of fish

In some cases, the lowered
prices have ted fishermen to har
vest more ocean fish im compen
sation About 49 percent of the

Contmued on Page Al0, Column 1

THE NEW YORK TIMES NATIONAL MonDay, MARCH 7, 1994 _

Declining Fish Catches

The Magnuson Act, passed in
1976, regulates fishing in United
States waters. Commercial
catches since the act:

The primary commercial species,
‘or “groundfish” — mostly cod,
haddock and founder:

Chinook salmon on the West
Coast, not including Alaska.

5.00 million lish
3.75
2.50
“Hil
HUAI,
"76 ‘80 Ss *90'92

‘Source Natone! Marina Flaneres Sorece

200 thousand tons ol fish.

150

100,

° AANA
° li

‘76 '80 "BS = '90'92

51

of the century has been N P K. It only takes 5 to 10 years for agriculture to “mine” the minerals from the soil by cropping. Irrigation while providing water for increased production in terms of tons and bushels actually speeds up the leaching of nutritional minerals from the land and the rate of mineral “mining” by the rapidly growing crops. This has gone on for over 100 years and now we are “paying the piper” in spades in the form of increased rates of degenerative diseases.

Our Earth is anemic! In short this means
we can no longer get the 60 nutritional min-
erals we need from our food and if we are
to sustain ourselves and our children physi-
cally and mentally we must very con-
sciously supplement our daily intake of food

| eeesezeze ||

[eeReeeeS |

with the 60 nutritional minerals just as we
consciously make sure our Mercedes has
the finest motor oil in it!

It is projected that by the year 2100 there
will be more than 12 billion people on this
Earth - there is no way that our farm soils
can sustain the nutritional value of our soils,
our food or ourselves. Genetic engineering,
better varieties of wheat, rice and corn and
perhaps even better fertilizer will produce
more tons and bushels of crops that are
tastier and have longer shelf life
(“Frankenfoods”) - but they will not sustain
us, they will not prevent birth defects, they
will not nurture our babies and they will
not forestall learning deficits or antisocial
or criminal behavior.

52

Chapter 4

“A food craving is like love at first sight. It’s instantly
recognizable, but veiled in mystery. Whether you crave
a granola bar or a burger, substitutes will leave you
wanting; a bowl of granola is not a granola bar, and
a meatball is not a burger. Cravings demand the real
thing. Unlike hunger, cravings - if unindulged - will
persist on a full stomach. All I know was I wanted it,
lusted for it, I had to have it.”

-Joan Goldberg
American Health

PICA & CRIBBING (Cravings & Binges)

Obesity and overweight problems are
synonymous with Americans. Nibble,
nibble, nibble all the way home. “Pica” is a
seeking, a craving with licking and chew-
ing behavior that has its genesis in mineral
deficiencies - interestingly enough neither
vitamin deficiency, protein deficiency or
calorie deficiency initiates this “pica” be-
havior, nor will supplementing vitamins or
eating sugar, carbohydrate, fat or protein
quench it!!!

Since American soils are critically defi-
cient and depleted in minerals it is no sur-
prise that pica, cribbing and cravings domi-
nate the American scene. America is
minerally deficient - dieters, athletes, veg-
etarians, meat eaters, embryos, children,
teenagers, young adults and seniors.

The snack food and fast food industries
are aware of this relationship between pica,
cribbing, cravings, sugar binges and salt
hunger and they use it to their advantage
by liberally salting or sweetening their prod-
ucts. Unfortunately for us our bodies tem-

53

porarily translates sugar and salt consump-
tion as a fulfillment of the craving for nutri-
tional minerals (i.e.- if we lack iron, salt or
sugar will temporarily satisfy our pica be-
havior initiated by the iron deficiency).

Historically, the consumption of salt to
satisfy a pica behavior was of value because
salt was not processed and did often times
contain trace minerals and Rare Earths.
Today, salt consumption, although contrary
to popular belief, is not in and of itself harm-
ful; it does present the problem of allowing
our bodies to think we are getting minerals
(the equivalent of the “empty calorie diets”,
i.e.- processed food calories without vita-
mins).

Farmers and husbandryman use the salt
hunger of animals to ensure the consump-
tion of trace minerals by incorporating trace
minerals in salt blocks containing 85% salt
- anything less than 85% sodium chloride
in a salt block will be ignored by the ani-
mals even if they have major mineral defi-
ciencies!!

weseeeee>
PRRREERED

“Cribbing” is a name given to a particular form of pica in domestic animals. A good husbandryman knows when a horse (Fig. 4-1) or cow “cribs” (chews or gnaws on a wooden feed box, fence, hitching post or barn door), the animal really has a craving for minerals. Such mineral starved animals will at first eat large amounts of supplemental minerals until they are satisfied, then they will automatically reduce their level of consumption to a maintenance level.

“Salt appetite” is very striking in both
pregnant animals and humans. Bizarre
cravings are legendary in the pregnant hu-
man. From antiquity, the description of
cravings or “pica” in humans relates its
major incidence to pregnant women. The
Hawaiian King Kamehameha’s mother,
Queen Kekuiapoiwa had cravings for eye-
balls, although she specifically wanted
chiefs eyes, she was given the eyes of sharks
to eat.

We have seen a hundred pregnant sheep in Montana lined up along an embankment eating clay (this is a form of pica known as “geophagia” or earth eating geophagia is very common in minerally deficient pregnant humans).

Pica, or perverted appetite or irresistible
cravings with the eating of bizarre or un-
suitable nonfood substances (or fattening
non-foods) has been a curiosity for philoso-
phers, doctors and priests for thousands of
years. Pica as a symptom of mineral defi-
ciencies is universal in the world and has
been reported in animals and humans of
all age groups. In modein times the easy
availability of candy, sugared - high calorie
snacks, soft drinks and junk foods has led
to obesity when people feel the deep
cravings of pica.

A doctoral thesis on pica by Agustus
Fridericus Mergiletus (1701) begins with the

54

definition of pica: “ The malady pica is
called “kitta” in Greek. Its derivation comes
from the name of the common magpie
because the bird ( “pica” is the Latin name
for “magpie”) itself is believed to suffer from
some malady ... because it flits from tree to
tree constantly seeking food or because it
enjoys all sorts of foods.”

A catalogue of bizarre instances of pica
is found in Mergiletus’ thesis. In men, he
recorded one individual who ate leather,
wood, nestlings and live mice (sounds like
an initiation into a fraternity); a second
consumed woolen garments, leather, a live
cat, and some mice; a third ate cats’ tails
and decomposed human bodies with mag-
gots!!

In Mergiletus’ female subjects he re-
corded women who ate human flesh includ-
ing one particularly horrible lady -’she lured
children with sweets, killed them and pick-
led them for her daily fare (sounds like a
female version of Jeffrey Dahmer). The
murders were only discovered when the
woman's cat stole the pickled hand of a
child and carried it over to the neighbors
house.”

The most common description of pica
by Mergiletus were of women’s desire for
mud and mortar scrapped from walls (just
like modern children who eat caulking and
lead paint - we have often said that chil-
dren who eat lead paint (Fig. 4-2) are
screaming for minerals for their mineral
starved bodies - give them minerals and
they won't eat lead paint); girls who ate their
own hair; girls who ate cotton, thread from
their own clothes, raw grain and lizards.

Mergiletus also described pica in ani-
mals including cats that ate wood ash and
pregnant hunting dogs that ate unusual
objects.

Cooper (1957) in her classic report on

Fig. 4-2 Lead paint chips in stomach contents of a dead baboon
that chewed zoo cage bars.

55

eesssseca
ceeeeeteD

pica refers to several ancient and medieval
writers who emphasized the occurrence of
pica in pregnant women, i.e. - Aetios noted
pregnant women to crave various and odd
foods, some salty and some acid; some, he
said “crave for sand, oyster shells and wood
ashes.” Aetios recommended a diet includ-
ing “fruits, green vegetables, pigs feet, fresh
fish and old tawny fragrant wine.”

Boezo (1638) noted that pica occurred
most often in pregnant women. Boezo saw
pica as a physiological problem, and is the
first to mention iron preparations as a treat-
ment for pica - he suggested “one and one
half scruples of iron dross taken for many
days as wonderfully beneficial for men and
women.” Boezo also noted “the case of a
virgin who was accustomed to devour salt
in great quantities from which chronic be-
havior she developed diarrhea and wast-
ing (Addison's Disease ?).”

Christiani of Frankfurt (1691) reported
a woman who ate 1400 salt herrings dur-
ing her pregnancy. LeConte (1846) sug-
gested that animals eating earth do so be-
cause of “want of inorganic elements.”

In modern times, the substances fre-
quently reported as eaten as a result of pica
behavior in humans includes paper, metal-
lic gum wrappers, ice, dirt, coal, clay, chalk,
starch, baking powder, pebbles, wood, plas-
ter, paint, chimney soot, hair, human and
animal feces (kitty litter box!) and cloth.
Because of social constraints on our public
behavior most people under public scrutiny
who display pica eat sugar, snack food or
soft drinks when they crave minerals - many
smoke, drink alcohol or use street (or pre-
scription) drugs in an attempt to satisfy a
nagging underlying craving.

Ice eating (pagophagia) is also common,
especially for iron deficient children and
adults.

Worms have been reported as a cause
of pica - Ankylostomiasis, ascariasis,
oxyuriasis and others have been blamed.
Parasites of course can cause anemia and
malnutrition by direct blood sucking from
the host or by competing for food in the gut.
The resulting anemia is in fact perceived
by the body as an iron deficiency resulting
in pica.

Pica is more frequently seen in the poor
and the obese; however, David Livingston
observed that “both slaves and the gentry
developed pica” in Africa. In Africa pica, is
viewed by tribal peoples as a magical su-
perstitious behavior.

Henrock (1831) attributed pica to “pau-
city of good blood and lack of proper nutri-
tion.” Waller (1874) reported that David
Livingston observed many cases of clay and
earth eating (geophagia), a frequent form
of pica in pregnant women.

Orr and Gilka (1931) and de Castro
(1952) recognized that “edible Earths might
be rich in sodium, iron and calcium.”
Gelford (1945) reported that pica was com-
mon in Kenya amongst African tribes
(Kikuyu) living mainly on a vegetarian diet;
but absent in those people eating diets rich
in animal flesh, blood and bones (Massai).

Richter (1955) reported Kirkam and
Birch’s Analysis of 20 samples of edible clay
from Africa:

Per cent

Clay Minerals

Aluminum oxide ..
Sodium oxide .
Potassium oxide ...

Iron oxide ....

Manganese oxide
Calcium oxide..
Magnesium oxide
Phosphorous pentoxide ...

56

Dickens and Ford reported that 25% of
all children ate earth. Cooper (1957) re-
ported a 21% rate of pica in American chil-
dren referred to the Mother’s Advisory Ser-
vice in Baltimore.

Lanzkowsky (1959) reported that 12
children with pica had hemoglobin that
ranged from 3 g% to 10.9 9% with a mean
of 7.89% +/- 2.64. The institution of iron
(i.m. - iron dextran) “resulted in a cure for
pica in one to two weeks.” Again, if chil-
dren have sufficient nutritional minerals
they will not eat lead paint.

McDonald and Marshall (1964) reported on 25 children who ate sand. They divided the group in half; they gave one group iron and the other group saline (salt solution). After three to four months 11 of the 13 children given iron had lost their pica behavior compared with only 3 of the 12 given saline.

Reynolds et al (1968) reported that 38
people with anemia exhibited pagophagia
(ice eating) as the most common form of
pica; twenty two of 25 had their symptoms
of pica disappear after correcting the iron
depletion.

Woods and Weisinger (1970) repro-
duced pagophagia experimentally in rats by
withdrawing blood. The pagophagia in the
anemic rats was cured when the anemia
was cured. It is of interest to note that pica
or cribbing behaviors are not produced by
vitamin deficiencies!!!

Two thirds of the 153 pregnant women
studied by Taggart (1961) developed
cravings. The most common craving was
for fruit, pickles, blood pudding, licorice,
potato chips, cheese and kippers. A crav-
ing for sweets, vegetables, nuts and sweet
pickles came in second place.

Phosphate appetite was described by

LeVaillant (1796) as the anxious search by
cattle in phosphate deficient South African
pastures for discarded dog bones
(osteophagia); they also chewed on wood
(pica) and each others horns. Bone chew-
ing (osteophagia, a form of pica) has been
reported in many wild species of herbivores
including reindeer, caribou, red deer, cam-
els, giraffe, elephant and wildebeest. We
have seen elephant eating limestone road-
beds and large termite heaps as ready and
available mineral supplements. A search
for calcium rich edible clays and soils and
territorial disputes over limited supplies led
to wars in tribal Africa.

It was demonstrated that calcium defi-
cient weanling rats will consume large
amounts of a lead acetate solution (even
though they taste bad) when compared with
calcium fed controls. The Oriental diet is
extremely low in calcium leading them to
habitually and preferentially eat bones
(when Dr. Ma Lan and I were courting she
ate the bones and gave me the fillets) par-
tially leached of calcium with vinegar.

There is no evidence of a specific pica
behavior for a magnesium supplement
when laboratory animals are fed a magne-
sium deficient diet. Magnesium deficient
animals will crave and eat common salt.
Magnesium tastes bad enough that animals
will die of magnesium deficiency initiated
seizures rather than consume a pure mag-
nesium supplement. It has been suggested
that recovery from a magnesium deficiency
can be a very unpleasant process, enough
so that the bad taste of magnesium supple-
ments normally required for recovery ex-
ceeds the unpleasant features of the defi-
ciency!!

Anatural potassium deficiency is highly
unlikely as all grains, fruits and vegetables

57

PREREREED
PRRREREED

tend to be rich in potassium - a potassium deficiency can be common in those individuals taking diuretics for high blood pressure or weight loss.

Potassium deficient rats are hyper alert and lick everything including their metal cage, lab equipment, each other and urine puddles. It is of interest to note that even with a severe potassium deficiency laboratory rats have a strong craving for sodium chloride (salt)!!!.

Chromium and vanadium deficiencies are manifested by thirst for liquid (soft drinks being the usual first choice and water the last) and hunger for carbohydrates (i.e.- soft drinks, coffee and tea with added sugar, alcohol, pasta, desserts, bread, etc,). The “munchies”, cravings for alcohol and candy cravings (especially chocolate) are sure signs of a chromium and vanadium deficiency.

The preteen and teen age infatuation with snack foods, drugs, smoking and alcohol appear to be the result of pica - because they are so minerally deficient they are seeking something, anything, to put in their mouth that will satisfy an irresistible craving for minerals.

God help us, through massive Holly-
wood film, television, newspaper and maga-
zine advertising our culture guides our chil-
dren to snack food, drugs, alcohol and
smoking rather than mineral supplements
just as surely as the Pied Piper hypnotized
the rats to follow him with his pipe music!!!

58

Chapter 5

“DIVINE HUNGER”

“Late his liver with fava beans and a good Chianti”

-Dr. Hannibal Lechter
Silence of the Lambs

(Cannibalism, vampires & werewolves)

The anthropological debate over canni-
balism has raged over three theories of ori-
gin: 1) The satisfaction of certain psycho-
sexual needs; 2) utilitarian adaption - hu-
mans adapt to extreme famine by eating
other humans; 3) a cultural logic of the cycle
of life, death and reproduction (usually
endocannibilism or “mortuary” cannibal-
ism).

Statistically cannibalism can be tied to
hunger, but hunger for calories and protein
alone cannot be tied to cannibalism, so we
will add a fourth category of cannibalism;
4) the ultimate extension of pica (bizarre
cravings and behavior resulting from ex-
treme mineral deficiencies).

The 1973 movie Soylent Green starring
Charleton Heston as a police investigator,
portrayed a “benevolent” government in the
year 2022, that had to deal with mind bog-
gling over population - 40 million people
in New York City alone and a depleted food
supply. On Wednesdays the boring New
York soup lines gave out rations of Soylent
Green, said to be soy meal fortified with
algae from the sea. In actuality, people who
couldn’t handle the stress any more were
being “humanely” terminated and their

ae)

corpses butchered, processed and con-
verted into Soylent Green!!

Food riots resulted in people being
scooped up by huge front end loaders and
then to be terminated and ground up into
Soylent Green. Beef was only for the ultra
rich and the high government officials; eat-
ing and the search for nutritional minerals
became an obsession (pica) without end.

Cannibalism undoubtedly occurred be-
fore written history; sometimes opportunis-
tically for outright survival reasons; some-
times as an extension of extreme pica; and
sometimes as a ritualized method of recy-
cling protein, minerals and Rare Earths
necessary for life and reproduction in an
otherwise depleted and hostile ecosystem.

Shipwrecked sailors in the 1700's first
ate the bodies of their drowned comrades;
then when the original corpses were con-
sumed, they murdered and ate the weaker
members of their party (i.e.- wounded, chil-
dren, women, old people, etc.) for food. The
Vietnamese boat people survived weeks
and months at sea by eating their dead com-
rades and relatives.

In 1847 the Donner party survived a
terrible winter in the Sierra Nevada’s by

[ seaezs J}

eating members of their own expedition.
The Donner party legend is really a story of
James and Margaret Reed, a well-to-do
farmer from James Town, Illinois who built
a larger than average wagon to haul their
worldly goods and their children from IIli-
nois to California.

They started on the 2,000 mile trip in
April of 1846 armed with a copy of
Lanceford Hastings’ book, Emigrants Guide
Book and a lot of dreams. In July of 1846
the original train split, with one half going
the northern “Oregon Trail” route which was
longer but well known. The other half of
the original train hoping to save a month
by going the southern route through
Truckee Pass described in Hastings’ book.

In September of 1846, the Donner party
found out the southern trail was only a foot
path for well seasoned mountain men not
for heavily laden wagons, women and chil-
dren.

The wagons returned east for several
days travel to Truckee Flats in November
of 1846 where there was fresh water and
plenty of timber to build temporary cabins
to “hole up in and ride out the winter.”

One man, Charles Stanton, volunteered
to go ahead and return with supplies.
Shortly after Stanton left, James Reed was
attacked by a teamster in a disagreement
over snarled teams; Reed defended himself
and killed the teamster with his knife - he
was banned from the train as punishment,
so he went over the mountains to Califor-
nia to get help for the now snow bound
wagon train, leaving behind his wife and
children.

Stanton’s rescue party returned first with
what food they could carry on their backs
but were trapped by what amounted to a
22 foot accumulation of snow. People were
now boiling and eating buffalo skin blan-

kets, their dogs and shoes.

Several men and their Indian guides
Louise and Salvador set out west again to
get more help and food - this time they were
trapped themselves by deep snow drifts and
after their food ran out the desperate res-
cuers summarily shot and ate their Indian
guides - the cannibalism had started.

On Christmas day Mrs. Reed fed every-
thing she could find to her children, includ-
ing a few beans and an old cow skin as a
special holiday meal. Cannibalism was rife
in the rest of the expedition with the stron-
ger individuals carving up and eating the
dead - later there would be questions about
whether or not all of those that had been
eaten had died of natural causes.

Early in January 1847 about a dozen of
the stronger men and women headed west
in an attempt to cross over the mountains
but were trapped by the 22 foot snow. They
dug a “well” out of the snow and huddled
in it for three weeks eating their dead.

In February 1847 another rescue party
led by James Reed (he had been conscripted
and forced to fight in the Mexican Ameri-
can War) brought supplies to the “well”
survivors which included his wife, and then
he pushed on to Truckee Flats where his
children had been left with a trusted neigh-
bor. Out of the original 86 in the Donner
Party 47 survived - the Truckee Pass was
renamed Donner Pass in remembrance of
the six month ordeal.

During the winter of 1874 five prospec-
tors hired Alfred Packer (the Colorado Can-
nibal) to guide them through the Colorado
San Juan Mountains to dig for gold and sil-
ver. When Packer returned to his town of
Lake City, Colorado six weeks after a heavy
snow fall without the five prospectors the
authorities were suspicious (especially
since he was fatter than when he had left,

60

eeeeeee>
PREREEED

he was throwing around a lot of money and
he was more interested in drinking than
eating).

A traveling free lance artist named John
Randolph found the Packer expeditions
campsite and drew the grisly scene for
Harper's Weekly. Randolph had found the
mutilated bodies of Shannon Bell, Isreal
Swan, James Humphrey, George Noon, and
Frank Miller - all had been hacked to death
by axe blows to the head and their arms
and legs filleted!!!

Packer fled before he could be arrested,
but was finally captured nine years later.
Packer was convicted of murder and sen-
tenced to death, but on appeal was awarded
a new trial on a legal technicality. He was
found guilty in his second trial and sen-
tenced to 40 years of hard labor. In 1900 a
Denver Newspaper reporter raised doubts
about Packers guilt and he was paroled in
1901. Packer died quietly “of natural
causes” in 1907.

In October of 1972 a small charter plane
carrying a private Christian Brothers
schools rugby team from Uruguay to a
match in Chili crashed at 11,500 feet in the
Andes; the passenger list included players,
coaches and relatives - 45 in all. Twelve
were killed on impact, four died of their in-
juries within the next 24 hours - 29 lived
through the first 24 hours

Initially, for the first ten days, the daily
fare for the survivors was limited to one
square of chocolate, a teaspoon of jam, a
thimble full of toothpaste and a deodorant
capful of wine.

After ten days they learned from a bat-
tery transistor radio that the search for sur-
vivors had been abandoned. They voted to
eat the corpses of the dead in hopes of sur
viving until spring. The young cannibals ate
blood clots from the hearts and strips of raw

liver daily as a source of vitamins and min-
erals, body fat was eaten for calories and
muscle was eaten for protein.

Aweek after the group was reduced to
cannibalism an avalanche of snow smoth-
ered eight more of the hapless athletes - one
of the boys exclaimed, “after that, there was
more in the larder.”

Two of the stronger boys were fed extra
amounts of the grisly food to give them
strength for an attempt to go for help. After
a few false starts they actually made it to
Chile and brought back help.

The survivors were down to eating the
brains and the fingers of the dead when
rescued on December 22 of 1972 -the res-
cue was heralded as_ the “Christmas
Miracle.” The ordeal lasted for 72 days - 16
survived.

Unlike the specter of cannibalism for
survival, the issue of cannibalism as a cul-
tural mode of recycling meager supplies of
protein and essential vitamins and miner-
als is of importance when viewed as a
supplement recycling program - the ultimate
in conservation!

Cannibal cultures are usually found in
hot equatorial environments where essen-
tial mineral elements are leached from the
soil by high rainfalls and/or irrigation type
agriculture.

The habit of cannibalism, including the
consumption of ground up human bones
added to alcoholic drinks and other foods
appears to be a ritualized attempt to recycle
essential minerals - this form of cannibal-
ism is typified by the “mortuary” cannibal-
ism of the Papua New Guinea who cook
and eat their dead friends and relatives
rather than burying or cremating them.

“Mortuary” cannibalism, the consum-
ing of ones own dead as a replacement for
the burial ceremony, “passes on the scarce

61

HESS

elements of life” so they will not be lost to
the family. The Hua tribe of the New Guinea
highlands have survived on slash and burn
agriculture for over 350 years; the sweet
potato being the primary food crop.

The Hua have large pig herds which are
consumed during weddings and annual
ceremonies and then only the men are al-
lowed to eat the pork. Because of the gen-
eral lack of protein and minerals the tribes
population is small and kwashiorkor (swol-
len fluid filled bellies from protein and min-
eral deficiencies) is common. The Hua
translate the swollen bellies of Kwashiorkor
in men as “men being pregnant!!”

The Hua believe that the life force or
“Nu” or “Chi” is not a renewable resource
and must be recycled - balding, a sign of
loss of “Nu” is occurring in younger and
younger men and women with each suc-
ceeding generation as they become more
and more depleted of minerals. Hua women
even breast feed baby pigs for male con-
sumption during feasts and rituals, further
depleting their own personal mineral re-
serves. It is these beliefs and practices and
the never ending cravings for salt and min-
erals that explain the mortuary cannibal-
ism practiced by the Hua women.

When a man dies amongst the Hua,
men carry his body inside his mother's or
wife’s house and lay the corpse on the
ground. The female relatives crowd around
the corpse and have a ritualized wailing
display of grief. After four or five days the
male relatives remove the corpse and place
it on a high platform so the juices and min-
erals of the decomposing body will fertilize
the family garden; however, the women,
unable to control their grief (or pica) pull
the body off of the platform and butcher
the body, carrying portions of the corpse
inside men’s houses where ordinarily no

females are allowed - the women hide for
several days while they divide, consume
and digest the mans flesh. A year after the
mortuary cannibalism of a male relative the
bones are pulverized and spread in the gar-
den to nourish the soil.

Evidence for cannibalism dates back to
Pekin man, Neanderthal and Cro-magnon
man. Excavated skeletons revealed skulls
that had been ritualistically opened and the
brains scooped out for consumption. The
Greek historians Herodotus and Strabo re-
corded cannibalism by the Scythians,
Massogetae and the Issedones character-
ized by the killing and eating of their dis-
abled elders. Cannibalism was also reported
in Europe and Ireland in the Middle Ages:

“Fee Fi Fo Fum, I smell the blood
of an Englishman; be he live or be
he dead I'll grind his bones to make
my bread”

- The Giant
Jack and the Bean Stalk

Marco Polo reported Chinese and Ti-
betan cannibalism. Although isolated inci-
dents of survival, murder or political can-
nibalism have been reported in every cul-
ture of the world, the highest levels of orga-
nized and ritualized cannibalism almost
always occur in minerally depleted tropi-
cal areas of the globe.

Australian and African tribesman also
practice “mortuary” cannibalism. Indian
tribes of the northwestern and northeast-
ern parts of the Americas ate human flesh
as part of a sacrifice to their gods of fertility
and war. Ugandans held great cannibal
feasts to honor their battle dead and show
disdain for their dead enemies.

In parts of Africa, South America and

62

PREEEERED

COREE

cannibal Melanesia (the Fangs of Gaboon
who are legendary for filing off their teeth
to mimic the large canine teeth of large car-
nivores), the victors ate the corpses of an
enemy as a show of contempt - in many
cases limbs and genitals were hacked off
from the still living victims, roasted and
eaten before their eyes as an added torture.

Nineteenth century Fiji is famous for its
accounts of cannibalism by Christian mis-
sionaries. In 1838 the Rev. David Cargill of
the Methodist Society sent a letter to Lon-
don:

“When about to offer a human
sacrifice the victim is selected from
among the inhabitants of a distant
territory or is provided by negotia-
tion from a tribe which is not related
to the persons about to sacrifice. The
victim is kept for some time, and is
supplied with an abundance of food,
that he may become fat. When about
to become immolated, he is made to
sit on the ground with his feet under
his thighs and his hands placed be-
fore him. He is then bound so that
he cannot move a limb or a joint. In
this posture he is placed on stones
heated for the occasion (and some
of them are red hot), and then cov-
ered with leaves and earth to be
roasted alive. When cooled, he is
taken out of the oven and his face
and other parts are painted black,
that he may resemble a living man
ornamented for a feast or for war; he
is carried to the temple of the gods
and, being still restrained in a sitting
posture, is offered as a propitistory
sacrifice. These ceremonies being
concluded, the body is carried be-
yond the precincts of the conse-

crated ground, cut into quarters, and
distributed among the people; and
they who were the cruel sacrificers
of its life are also the beastly devour-
ers of its flesh...”

Fijian chiefs did not regard human vic-
tims to be “in the shape of food”, however,
since cannibalism was an intimate part of
their culture the practice was given royal
consent. Cannibalism became part of their
culture because of limited food supplies on
the islands.

The Orokaiva Polynesians state that
their justification for eating humans was to
“satisfy their deep craving (pica) for good
food”. All prisoners captured in intertribal
wars and raids were consumed; so regular
were these events that human corpses were
handled like carcasses of animals killed in
a hunt; bodies of adults were tied hand and
foot to shoulder poles and children were
slung over the warriors shoulder like a dead
turkey or rabbit. An account by a Cook Is-
land Polynesian missionary of a New
Caledonian war in 1879 is as follows:

“I followed and watched the
battle and saw women taking part
in it. They did so in order to carry
off the dead. When people were
killed, the men tossed the bodies.
back and the women fetched and
carried them. They chopped the
bodies up and divided them ....when
the battle was over, they all returned
home together, the women in front
and the men behind. The women-
folk carried the flesh on their backs;
the coconut-leaf baskets were full up
and the blood oozed over their
backs and trickled down their legs.
It was a horrible sight to behold.

63

When they reached their homes the
earth ovens were lit at each house
and they (cooked) and they ate the
slain. Great was their delight, for
they were eating well that day. This.
was the nature of the food. The fat
was yellow and the flesh was dark.
It was difficult to separate the flesh
from the fat. It was rather like the
flesh of sheep.

I looked particularly at our
households share; the flesh was
dark like sea cucumber, the fat was
yellow like beef fat, and it smelled
like cooked birds, like pigeon or
chicken. The share of the chief was
the right hand and the right foot.
Part of the chiefs portion was.
brought for me, as for the priest, but
I returned it. The people were un-
able to eat it all; the legs and the
arms only were consumed, the body
itself was left, that was the way of
cannibalism in New Caledonia.”

Changes in taste of human flesh (vari-
ety) were afforded by the crews of hapless
vessels sunken in storms or by those who
unwittingly stopped at the cannibal island
for food and water.

For the Aztec, human sacrifice and can-
nibalism was an essential part of their cul-
ture - it was a ritual slaughter in a state
sponsored program ( Soylent Green):

“A regular supply of victims for
the priests was necessary for ensur-
ing the beneficial motion of the sun
and the fertility of the crops and men.
The procedures of sacrifice were
elaborated constantly. Each had a
deep symbolism. Following the ritual
removal of the heart from the still liv-

ing victim by the High Priest (the
breast of the victim having been
opened with a knife of obsidean), the
heart was held up to the sun that
each might give strength to the other.
The body was thrown down a flight
of a 100 or more stone steps ( prob-
ably a method of tenderizing the
tough stringy slaves and warriors)
where it was cut up and eaten by the
warriors, their families and their
close associates.”

Toxcatl, the great Aztec feast, involved
sacrificing a carefully selected victim who
was groomed for the year before hand as
something between a king and a god. For
the three weeks of April preceding the cer-
emony he was attended to day and night
by four beautiful young maidens. They were
the embodiment of the goddess of flowers,
the goddess of young corn, the goddess of
our mother among - the - water and the
goddess of salt. “They were beautiful, ar-
dent and dedicated and he lived a life of
supreme voluptuousness. On the day, he
said farewell to the four goddesses on a hill-
top near the great lake. He walked on alone
to the temple where the priests awaited, and
as his shadow crossed the threshold the
priests seized him and the High Priest sac-
tificed him. Immediately, when his heart
ceased to palpitate his successor was an-
nounced and the ritual recommenced.”

To justify the scale and methodical can-
nibalism of the Aztec’s the perspective has
to be placed on mineral hunger (pica) since
calories from maize and fresh water lake
algae were plentiful. Cannibalism was an
extreme societal evolution for the Aztec
culture; under conditions of total environ-
mental collapse, very high population pres-
sure, the dependence on maize agriculture,

64

weeeeeeeD
PRRERRRED

almost total depletion of wild game, the in-
ability to maintain domestic animals
(minerally depleted soil in the Valley of
Mexico) led to endo and exo cannibalism.

Increased agricultural production in the
form of tons and bushels was possible and
in fact a constant project of the Aztec
nobels, but to satisfy the craving for miner-
als required meat and bone!!! Cannibalism
was the logical solution in the eyes of the
Aztec.

Michael Horner, an expert on the de-
mographics of central Mexico records that
during the Spanish conquest (1450's) one
per cent of the total Aztec population or
250,000 humans were killed and eaten an-
nually!!! Cortez’ noted that one of his men
leading a punitive expedition against the
Aztec came across “loads of maize and
roasted children which they (Aztec warriors)
had brought as provisions and which they
left behind them when they discovered the
Spanish coming”

The human flesh eaten after the sacri-
fice was not part of the ritual itself but
looked upon as “leftovers” of the gods and
was returned to the original captor as a re-
ward for having satisfied the deity. Such
rewards of human flesh were necessary
because the Aztec warriors were recruited
from the starving masses of commoners
who rarely ate meat of any kind - they ob-
tained their primary calorie source from
maize, beans and a “floating substance”
(algae).

Famine for the out of control Aztec
population was commonplace and the com-
moners faced severe annual food shortages.
An extreme famine in 1450 forced the Az-
tec nobles to empty the grain stores accu-
mulated over a decade to prevent rebellion
amongst the masses.

Aztecs kept prisoners in wooden cages

for extended periods of time to fatten prior
to being killed and eaten and to conserve a
perishable asset as they did not have re-
frigeration or other methods of preservation
of meat.

After capturing three of the enemy, the
basic warrior was promoted to “ master of
the youths”; they were also allowed to host
a cannibal fiesta for blood relatives - thus
they were rewarded in human flesh in an
economy totally without other forms of
meat.

The Aztec nobles were able to recruit
warriors from the general commoner popu-
lation by promising “meat rewards” to suc-
cessful individuals - the nobles were able
to pump up and create an “invincible war
machine” with the promise of meat - hu-
man meat!!! The underlying genesis of the
much acclaimed Aztec war machine was
the total ecological collapse of the Valley
of Mexico with the resultant depletion of
soi] minerals.

The Spanish were told, that at the dedi-
cation of the pyramid of Tenochtitlan four
queues of captives streamed out like spokes
for two miles each. These prisoners were
killed by “teams of priests” who worked 24
hours a day for four days - given two min-
utes per killing the historian Sherburne
Cook projected the number killed at that
“super Bowl” of sacrifices at 14,100. To
confirm such numbers one only has to go
to the writings of Bernal Diaz and Andres
de Tapia who recorded that in the plaza of
the Aztec city of Xocotlan “there were piles
of human skulls so regularly arranged that
one could count them, and I estimated them
at more than 100,000 of them.”

When Tapia entered the city of
Tenochtitlan and observed the great skull
tack in the center plaza he wrote:

65

f
——}

SS

“The poles were separated from
each other by a little less than a vara
(approximately a yard), and were
crowded with cross sticks from top
to bottom, and on each cross stick
there were five skulls impaled
through the temples: and the writer
and a certain Gonzalo de Umbria,
counted the cross sticks and multi-
plying by five heads per cross stick
from pole to pole, as I said, we found
that there were 136,000 heads.”

Descriptions of individual sacrifices by
the Aztecs are found in great detail in the
Spanish record. The walls, killing alters and
the floors on top of the pyramids were black
with encrusted blood from the daily parade
of victims - the temples stank of death and
dried blood and blood gorged bluebottle
flies were there buzzing in hordes.

The great number of captives and slaves
did not go willingly up the 114 steps to the
tops of the pyramids to be killed - most
fought, many fainted but all were eventu-
ally dragged up the steps by their hair. Af-
ter having their chest cut open and their
hearts literally torn from their breast, blood
was collected by the priest and given to the
captor, the body was then thrown down the
steps of the pyramid to a tiny walled square
below. Old men called Quaquacuiltin, laid
hold of the now lifeless and broken body
and carried it to their individual temple were
they dismembered it and divided the meat
in order to roast and eat them:

“and things being so, they (the
captives) were made to arrive at the
top (of the pyramid), before (the
sanctuary of) Utizilopochtli. There-
upon one at a time they stretched
them into the hands of six offering

priests; they stretched them out upon
their backs; they cut open their
breasts with a wide bladed flint knife.
And they named the hearts of the
captives “precious eagle-cactus
fruit”. They raised them in dedica-
tion to the sun, Xippilli,
Quauhtleuanitl. They offered to him;
they nourished him. And when the
heart had become an offering ...
these captives who had died they
called eagle men. Afterwards they
rolled them over; they bounced them
down. They came breaking to pieces
(a method of tenderization); they
came head over heels; they each
came head first, they came turning
over and over. Thus they reached the
terrace at the base of the pyramid
.. They took them to their calpulco,
where the taker of the captive had
made his undertaking, had said his
say, had made his vow. From there
they removed him in order to take
him to the house of the captor, in
order to eat him.”

Like most legends, the vampire and
werewolf legends have a basis in fact - imag-
ine mineral starved gentry with absolute
power over life and death of their subjects -
imagine a Jeffrey Dahmer as a 15th cen-
tury king with absolute power and you have
Dracula, the Prince of Darkness !!!!_ Ro-
mania was ruled by prince Dracula (1431);
Europe spanned from the Atlantic Ocean
to the Baltic and all of the nation states were
joined together by dynastic bonds of vas-
salage and feudal honor. Dracula was born
in Transylvania a place that was inhabited
by Daco Romans since AD 101 and AD
105. The Dacians were conquered by the
Romans as the eastern most frontier of the

66

seeceeeee

Roman Empire thus the name Romania.
The home of Dracula is located north of
the Carpathian Mountains and named
Trans-silva by early Roman travelers - trans-
lated from Latin it means - densely forested.

Because of the location of the Ottoman
Turks to the southeast and the Tartar’s
Golden Horde to the northeast Romania
was a political, cultural and religious
flashpoint. Turkish invaders burnt villages
and fields, killed large numbers of the Ro-
manian population and brought long
smouldering death after the wars in the form
of syphilis, tuberculosis, leprosy, and small
pox. Natural catastrophes added to the
miseries of the Transylvanians in the form
of floods, poor harvests, earthquakes and
clouds of locusts that flew into their fields
from the east. A deep belief in the forces of
evil and black magic, burning of witches
and other superstitions were common in
those times.

Young Vlad Dracul was born and grew
up as the prince of darkness in those ter-
rible times. Vlad’s great grandfather was
Mircea the Great, known widely in his own
time as a great negotiator and possessor of
excellent diplomatic talents. His seat of
power was Wallachia, the region bordering
Transylvania.

To avoid capitulating to the Turks,
Mircea the Great signed a treaty with
Sigismund of Luxembourg in 1395. After the
alliance was formed Mircea joined
Sigismund in a Christian Crusade against
the Ottoman Turks. Mirceas grandson Vlad
was sent as an apprentice to the court of
Sigismund where he was inducted into the
Order of the Dragon, which granted young
Vlad the grace of the Prince. Vlads duties
were to protect Catholicism, fight the Turks,
protect widows and children and protect the
German king.

In February 1431 Vlad was made a
knight of the Order of the Dragon. Required
of the new knight was the wearing of two
capes-one green-symbolic of the dragons
color to be worn over red garments to sym-
bolize the blood of martyrs, the second cape
was black (adopted by Bram Stoker’s
“Count Dracula”).

When prince Vlad returned to
Transylvania, he was called “Dracul” by the
nobles of Wallachia as they recognized his
newly acquired honor as a Draconist. The
name “Dracula” used by Bram Stoker was
the name given to Vlads son, as the suffix
“a” means “son of” in Romanian - Dracula
then was born, and his infamous crimes
made the name Dracula synonymous with
evil.

Vlad had the official title of Prince of
Wallachia, however, his older half-brother
Alexandru Aldea grabbed the throne. Young
Vlad Dracul was appointed military gover-
nor with the responsibility of guarding
Transylvania’s borders.

Vlad Dracul's base of power was in the
great fortress of Sighisoara. While stationed
there Vlad fathered three sons the second
of which was named Vlad Dracul, born in
December 1431 he became infamous as
Prince Dracula or Vlad The Impaler!!!

In 1434 Sigismund ordered young Vlad
to take over the court in Wallachia because
Alexandru had become “too chummy” with
the Turks. The Young Dracula was of the
age to apprentice knighthood and as such
was taught swimming, fencing, jousting,
archery, court etiquette, and horsemanship
befitting a knight. He learned political sci-
ence - very simple in his day - “better to be
feared than loved.”

Young Dracula had a “morbid” obses-
sion with the hangings and torture of crimi-
nals. He learned many methods of torture

67

ESS |

including rectal impalement as a young
military officer. After many adventures Vlad
Dracula by now aged 25 seized his throne
(1456) in Wallachia after his fathers death.

Dracula very quickly became known
throughout Europe as the living embodi-
ment of evil. One notable event occurred
when some Italian ambassadors came to
Dracula's court and as their custom de-
manded kept their skull caps on; when
Dracula asked what was the meaning, they
answered, “This is our custom. We are not
obliged to take our skull caps off under any
circumstances, even an audience with the
sultan or the Holy Roman Emperor.”
Dracula then responded by saying,” In all
fairness, I want to strengthen and recognize
your customs.” Then in a methodical man-
ner the Prince of Darkness had his atten-
dants nail the skullcaps on the heads of the
envoys!

Dracula punished who he considered to
be the parasites of society, one such event
is so well known it was translated into Ger-
man, Russian and Romanian:

“Having asked the old, the ill, the
lame, the poor, the blind, and the
vagabonds to a large dining hall in
Tirgoviste, Dracula ordered that a
feast be prepared for them. On the
appointed day, Tirgoviste groaned
under the heavy weight of the large
number of beggars who had come.

The prince’s servants passed out
a batch of clothes to each one, then
they led the beggars to a large man-
sion where tables had been set. The
beggars marveled at the prince’s gen-
erosity, and they spoke among them-
selves, “Truly it is a prince’s kind of
grace.” Then they started eating. And
what do you think they saw before

them: a meal such as one would find
on the prince’s own table, wines and
all the best things to eat which weigh
you down. The beggars had a feast
that became legendary. They ate and
drank greedily. Most of them became
dead drunk. As they became unable
to communicate with one another,
and became incoherent, they were
suddenly faced with fire and smoke
on all sides. The prince had ordered
his servants to set the house on fire.

They rushed to the doors to get
out, but the doors were locked. The
fire progressed. The blaze rose high
like inflamed dragons. Shouts,
shrieks, and moans arose from the
lips of all the poor enclosed there.
But why should a fire be moved by
the entreaties of men? They fell upon
each other. They embraced each
other. They sought help, but there
was no human ear left to listen to
them. They began to twist in the tor-
ments of the fire that was destroying
them. The fire stifled some, the em-
bers reduced others to ashes, the
flames grilled most of them. When
the fire naturally abated there was
no trace of any living soul.”

Individual cruelty was a hallmark of
Dracula's reign:

“If any wife had an affair outside
of marriage, Dracula ordered her
sexual organs cut (out). She was
then skinned alive and exposed in
her skinless flesh in the public
square, her skin hanging separately
from a pole or placed on a table in
the middle of the marketplace. The
same punishment was applied to

68

pose aoe:
RRR

maidens who did not keep their vir-
ginity, and also to unchaste widows.
For lessor offenses, Dracula was
known to have the nipple of a
women’s breast cut off. He also had
a red-hot iron stake shoved into a
women’s vagina, making the instru-
ment penetrate her entrails and
emerge from her mouth. He then had
the women tied to a stake naked and
left her exposed there until the flesh
fell from the body, and the bones
detached themselves from their
sockets.”

Prince Dracula, because of his total
power without bridle, was the “greatest”
psychopath history has ever recorded.
Along the road to his palace, Dracula had
installed a “forest” of hundreds of stakes
the diameter of broom sticks - some ends
were rounded and greased, some were
sharpened to a point. Each of these stakes
were used to impale an individual through
the rectum - sharpened stakes for ones he
wanted to die quickly and the rounded ones
for those destined for a slow miserable
death. These events were always timed to
coincide with the visit of a head of state
from another province or country “to make
a lasting impression” of Dracula’s power
and resolve to keep it (again Bram Stoker
used the impalement through the heart with
a wooden stake as the only method of dis-
patching a vampire).

The dead were “chopped up as meat,
their blood drunk from goblets and their
limbs, hearts and livers cooked in every
fashion for Dracula and his court.” The to-
tal number of his victims exceeded 100,000
which amounted to 20% of Wallachia’s to-
tal population!!! The fear of impalement
was so great during Dracula’s reign that the

69

rate of idleness, theft and more serious
crimes fell to zero!!!

Thus the legend of the “vampire” Count
Dracula was born out of the true recorded
history of a serial killer who drank the blood
and ate the flesh of his victims to satisfy
his bizarre cravings for minerals (pica) he
couldn't get any other way.

Gilles de Laval, Baron de Rais, Marshall
of France and the champion of the Maid of
Orleans was the wealthiest and most pow-
erful man in Europe. His personal body-
guard of 200 war hardened knights who had
fought along side of him in the army of Joan
of Arc in the defeat of the English - Gilles
lived at a lavish level that exceeded even
that of Charles VII the king of France.

In September 1440, 47 charges were
brought against Gilles during the French
Inquisition as a heretic. In fact after many
years of indulging in rich French pastries,
huge quantities of wine and other delica-
cies Gilles had developed pica and began
a life as a depraved pedophile, murderer,
serial killer and vampire!!!

First Gilles became an alchemist dab-
bling in the search for “the philosopher's
stone,” which he believed would transmute
lead and mercury into gold and find cures
for his bizarre cravings; he then began to
sacrifice children and maidens, delved into
sexual sadism, drank their blood and
prayed to “dark gods and demons.”

Gilles was brought before the Bishop of
Nantes and the Inquisitor General of France
- there were six court hearings and 110 wit-
nesses charging de Rais with the murders
of 800 children!!!

Charge number 15 against Gilles pretty
much summed it up:

“According to the lamentable
outcries, tears and wailings and de-

nunciations coming from many
people of both sexes, crying out and
complaining of the loss and death
of children, the aforesaid Gilles de
Rais has taken innocent boys and
girls, and inhumanely butchered,
killed, dismembered, burned and
otherwise tortured them, and the
said Gilles has immolated the bod-
ies of the said innocents to the dev-
ils, invoked and sacrificed to evil
spirits, and has foully committed the
sin of sodomy with young boys and
in other ways lusted against nature
after young girls... while the innocent
boys and girls were alive, or some-
times dead, or sometimes even dur-
ing their death throes.”

After being found guilty, Gilles was ex-
ecuted by garotte (slow strangulation by
means of a cord that was tightened around
the neck by twisting a stick).

The most infamous of all of the ancient
female vampires was the Countess Erzsebet
Bathory of Hungary. Her hapless teen age
female victims were recruited as servants
for the Castle Csejthe. After one of her in-
tended victims fled the castle and notified
the town officials of the castles horrors, the
castle was raided by the local constables
in the year 1610 and the countess tried and
found guilty of murdering and consuming
the blood of 650 teen-age virgins.

The countess bled her victims to death
through numerous punctures inflicted in
their necks - their blood was collected in
tubs for drinking and for bathing in. In ad-
dition to her ceaseless craving for blood to
drink she also believed the blood of virgins
would give her immortality. The punish-
ment meted out to the vampire countess
was that she be sealed in and walled up

never to hear a human voice or see another
human - she died of “natural causes” 30
years later in 1640.

North America had its share of ancient
vampires and werewolves too. “Cannibal
monsters” are the werewolves of the North
American Indian cultures:

1) The Windingo - from the Algonkian
Indians of the northeastern regions of North
America.

2) The Wechuge - from the deep forest
Athopaskan Beaver Indians of the north-
west of North America.

3) The Man Eater - from the Kwakiutt In-
dians from the northwest coast of North
America.

In the early 1600's the “Windingo psy-
chosis” or cannibalistic madness was re-
corded amongst the Algonkian Indians (the
northern neighbors of the Iroquois). The
earliest reports by Europeans were found
in 1635 in the personal logs of the Spanish
priests known as “Jesuit Relations.”
LeJeune’s Relation describes cannibalism
following a two year famine:

“In 1660-1661, several Cree
deputies of the Jesuits were de-
scribed as being seized with an un-
known ailment that combined lu-
nacy, hypochondria and frenzy,
which affects their imagination and
causes them a more than canine
hunger (werewolves). This makes
them so ravenous for human flesh
that they pounce upon women, chil-
dren and even upon men, like veri-
table werewolves and devours
them voraciously, without being able

70

weeeetee>
RRR

to appease or glut their appetite
(pica) - ever seeking fresh prey, and
as more greedily, the more they eat.
This ailment attacked our deputies
and (the Jesuits report) ...as death is
the only remedy among these simple
people for checking such acts of
murder, they were slain in order to
stay the course of their madness.”

Modern serial killers are the vampires
and werewolves of our time; usually easier
to catch than the ancient ones because of
high tech police methods they are none the
less formidable. Like the ancient vampires
and werewolves, their modern counterparts
have flagrant histories of nutritionally defi-
cient diets and awful eating habits which
of course lead to sociopathic behavior.
Modern serial killers are appearing almost
at the rate of one each week which can be
attributed to the now precipitous decline
and depletion of minerals in our soil and

thus our food supply.
Of interest are the common behavioral
threads that connect “vampires,”

“werewolves” and serial killers and which
are recognizable at an early age - ancient
and modern:

1) Ritualistic behavior (often written off as
“Satan worship”).

They “look sane” to the casual observer.
Explosive rage and temper over little
things.

Seeks help for bizarre cravings (pica),
bed wetting, nightmares and “emotional
problems.”

Confabulations (makes up stories when
they can’t remember the truth)

Suicide attempts.

History of assault (usually sexual

in nature).

2)
3)

4)

5)

6)
7)

8) History of smoking, alcohol and or drug
abuse (pica).
History of difficult pregnancy (fetal
alcohol syndrome or maternal nutri-
tional deficiencies during pregnancy).
History of extraordinary cruelty to
animals.
Fascination with fire and arson and
pain inflicted by fire.
Overt biochemical or nutritional
deficiencies (these are ones even an
M.D. will recognize, i.e.- loss of the
sense of smell and taste or zinc
deficiency).

9)

10)
11)

12)

The first of the modern vampires (serial
killers) was Jack the Ripper. For a mere three
months in 1888, from the end of August to
the beginning of November, Whitechapel
in the east of London was stalked and ter-
rorized by a serial killer. The five murder
victims were all prostitutes, each attacked
from behind, their throats slashed and in
four of the five killings the bodies were
mutilated, dissected and cannibalized.

There had been serial cannibals (Table
5-1) in the 17th and 18th centuries but
“Jack” was the first to toy with the police
through the news media. “Jack” was never
officially caught and identified, however,
several suspects were accused:

1) John Druitt Montague, a disbarred
lawyer who drowned himself exactly
when the Whitechapel murders ceased.

2) George Chapman (triple wife killer)-
Frederick Abberline, a chief investiga-
tor in the “Ripper” murder cases stated
on the arrest of Chapman,: “You've got
Jack the Ripper at last.”

3) HRH Prince Albert Victor, Duke of
Clarence (grandson of Queen Victoria).

71

Given the level of anticrime technology
at the time of the “Ripper” killings it is not
surprising that no one was brought to trial
or convicted. A certain James Maybrick,
however, left a diary that all but convicts
him posthumously as the real “Jack the Rip-
per.”

Maybrick was born on October 24,
1838, his grandfather was in fact the par-
ish clerk. At age 14 years James’ younger
brother Michael, a gifted musical composer,
joined the Carl Ross Opera Company and
played in the concert halls of Britain and
the United States. Michael wrote many
popular songs and became part of the “pop”
musical generation of the Victorian days -
of interest is one of his songs entitled “We
All Love Jack.” In 1848 another younger
brother of James died mysteriously (retro-
spectively probably “Jacks” first killing at
age 10).

In 1874 when Maybrick was 36 he
shuttled back and forth between Liverpool]
in Britain and Norfolk in the U.S. as a cot-
ton broker. In 1877 Maybrick caught ma-
laria, his initial prescription of quinine failed
and he was given arsenic and strychnine.
Maybrick complained of numbness in his
limbs and constantly rubbed the backs of
his hands, his arsenic consumption in-
creased (pica) even after his malaria disap-
peared.

Maybrick met the beautiful 18 year old
red head, Florence (Florie) Chandler while
on one of his trans Atlantic shuttles and at
age 41 he married this beautiful girl.

By 1882 Maybrick was consuming ar-
senic almost hourly, taking it in tea, grits
and broth. He would add seven or so drops
of a liquid arsenic solution to his food and
drink five or more times a day (equivalent
of 1/3 grains of arsenic a day!). It was fash-

ionable in those days to consume arsenic
and strychnine as an aphrodisiac.

A toxicologist of the day stated, “When
once they start the habit of arsenic eating
they remain slaves for life... Once they en-
ter on the downward path, there is no look-
ing back, as it is asserted by toxicologists
that if they are ever prevented (from) ob-
taining their daily dose they may say, with
truth, ‘the pains of Hell got hold of me’ and
they experience all the dreadful horrors of
slow arsenic poisoning.”

In 1887 Florie suspected James had a
mistress in Liverpool (thought to be one
Sarah Ann Robertson). While James was
away on one of his frequent business trips
Florie began having affairs with Alfred
Brierley, a fellow cotton broker of Maybrick.
Accidently Maybrick spotted Brierley and
Florie together on the fashionable shopping
street called Whitechapel St. in Liverpool.

After catching the lovers together his
references to Florie in his diary changed
from “his darling Bunny” to the “bitch” or
the “whore.” He refers to himself as “Sir Jim”
or “Sir Jack” (a common nick name during
Victorian times for John or James):

“I took refreshment at the Poste
House, it was there I finally decided
London it shall be. And why not, is
it not an ideal location? Indeed do!
not frequently visit the Capital and
indeed do I not have legitimate rea-
son for doing so. All who sell their
dirty wares shall pay, of that I have
no doubt. But shall I pay? I think
not. I am too clever for that...
The bitch and her whoring master
will rue the day I first saw them to-
gether.”

Maybrick committed his second killing

72

PRRREREED

RED

as a trial run for the “Ripper” murders. He
killed a prostitute in Manchester which he
recorded in his diary, “I said Whitechapel
it will be and Whitechapel it shall...
Whitechapel, Liverpool / Whitechapel, Lon-
don, Ha Ha. No one could possibly place
it together. And indeed for there is no rea-
son for anyone to do so. Tomorrow I travel
to Manchester. Will take some of my medi-
cine (arsenic) and think hard on the
matter....1 will force myself not to think of
the children..... Time is passing much too
slowly. I still have to work up the courage
to begin my campaign. I have thought long
and hard over the matter and still I cannot
come to a decision to when | should begin.
Opportunity is there, of that fact | am cer-
tain... my medicine (arsenic) is doing me
good, in fact 1 am sure I can take more than
any other person alive. My dear God my
mind is in a fog. (The next days log) The
whore is now with her maker and he is

Table 5-1

welcome to her. There was no pleasure as |
squeezed. I felt nothing. Do not know if I
have the courage to go back to my original
idea. Manchester was cold and damp very
much like this hell hole. Next time I will
throw acid over them.”

When Maybrick began the “Ripper
“killings there were 80,000 prostitutes in
London and 1200 in the Whitechapel area
alone:

Polly Nichols was last seen alive by her
friends at 2:30 a.m. criss crossing
Whitechapel Road looking for a client. It
was here she ran into Maybrick and by 3:40
a.m. Polly was dead.

Maybrick held Polly against a stable
corral gate by the jaw with his left hand and
summarily strangled her, as she dropped
lifeless to the ground he used his shiny new
butcher knife to cut her throat to the verte-
brae (he tried unsuccessfully to decapitate
her):

The Five Whitechapel “Jack the Ripper” Victims

Date
1888

Name of Victim Time

Location of Killing — Mutilations Discovered

Mary Ann “Polly” 3:45 AM

Nichols

Friday,
August 31
6:00 AM

Annie Chapman Saturday,

September 6
Elizabeth Stride

Sunday, 1:00 AM

September 30
1:45 AM

Catherine Eddowes Sunday,

September 30

10:45 AM

Mary Jane Kelly

Friday
November 9

Buck's Row Disembowelled

29 Hanbury St. Uterus Removed

Duffield's No Mutilation

Uterus and Left
Kidney missing
Flap cut on each cheek

Mitre Square

Miller's Court Gross Mutilation

Heart Missing

73

“T have shown all that I mean
business, the pleasure was far bet-
ter than I imagined. The whore was
only too willing to do her business. I
recall all and it thrills me. There was
no scream when I cut. I was more
than vexed when the head would not
come off. I believe I will need more
strength next time. I struck deep into
her. I regret I never had the cane, it
would have been a delight to have
rammed it hard into her. The bitch
opened like a ripe peach. I have de-
cided next time I will rip all out. My
medicine (arsenic) will give me
strength and the thought of the
whore and her whoring master will
spur me on no end.”

Annie Chapman, Maybricks second
“Ripper” victim connected with Maybrick
about 5:30 a.m. on September 8, 1888 - the
agreement for sex was actually struck in
front of a witness then they left together to
find a secluded spot in the small back yard
at 29 Hanbury St. where 17 sleeping work-
ers had not yet awakened.

Maybrick strangled Annie then at-
tempted to cut her head off with no suc-
cess; he then cut open her abdomen and
draped her intestines over her left shoul-
der, removed her uterus and part of her
abdominal wall. He entered into his diary
just before his second murder:

“The gentle man with gentle
thoughts will strike again soon: I
have never felt better, in fact, 1 am
taking more than ever (arsenic) and
I can feel the strength building up
within me. The head will come off
next time, also the whores hands.
Shall I leave them in various places

about Whitechapel? Hunt the head
and the hands instead of the
thimble. ha ha. Maybe I will take
some part away with me to see if it
does taste like fresh fried bacon.”

Maybricks third “Ripper” victim was
Elizabeth “Long Liz” Stride, who was last
seen alive with a “well dressed client” at
12:30 a.m. on September 30, 1888 by con-
stable Wm. Smith. Sometime between
12:30 a.m. and and 1:00 a.m. Maybrick
drug “Long Liz” into the enclosed courtyard
at Duffield’s yard by her neck scarf,
strangled her then he cut her lifeless throat
and neck in a futile attempt to cut her head
off. The abrupt appearence of a costume
jewelry salesman into the courtyard pre-
vented Maybrick from further mutilating
“Long Liz's” body - the mans horse “shyed
at the sight of the heap (“Long Liz’s” body)”
in the court yard causing him to poke at it
with his buggy whip while Maybrick stood
paralyzed with fear just a few feet away in
the shadows:

“To my astonishment I cannot
believe I have not been caught. My
heart felt as if it had left my body.
Within my fright I imagined my heart
bounding along the street with I in
desperation following it. I would
have dearly loved to have cut the
head of the damned horse off and
stuffed it as far as it would go down
the whore’s throat. I had no time to
rip the bitch wide, I curse my bad
luck. I believe the thrill of being
caught thrilled me more than cutting
the whore herself. As I write I find it
impossible to believe he did not see
me, in my estimation I was less than
a few feet from him. The fool pan-

74

PRERELELD

PRREREED

icked, it is what saved me. My satis-
faction was far from complete, damn
the bastard, I cursed him and cursed
him, but I was clever, they could not
out do me. No one ever will.”

Maybrick walked fast away from the
murder scene of “Long Liz” and ran into
Catherine Eddowes at about 1:35 a.m. in
Mitre Square - still on the 30th of Septem-
ber 1888. Maybrick pushed her to the
ground and strangled her then he attempted
to cut her head off without success - frus-
trated he slashed and mutilated her face,
cut off her eyelids, lower jaw and upper
lips!!! Parts of Eddowes nose and ears were
sliced off. Maybrick carved an inverted V
under each eye (no one noted that together
they formed the M for Maybrick). Maybrick
next devoted his attention to his victims
abdomen which he cut open, removed her
intestines which he piled by her side and
then he removed her uterus and left kidney
and took them with him. His diary entry
reads:

“One whore no good, decided Sir
Jim strike another. I showed no fright
and indeed no light, damn it the tin
box was empty... Sweet sugar and tea
could have paid me small fee. But
instead | did flee and by the way
showed my glee by eating cold kid-
ney (Catherine Eddowes left kid-
ney!!!) for supper.”

On October 1, 1888 the London Daily
News published what was to become the
most “infamous” letter in the history of all
crime - for without the letter ( dated Sep-
tember 25, 1888 ) which was written in red
ink, the Whitechapel “Ripper” murders
would just have been listed with other mur-

ders of prostitutes in a dusty police un-
solved file:

“Dear Boss,

I keep on hearing the police have
caught me but they won’t fix me just
yet. I have laughed when they look
so clever and talked about being on
the right track. That joke about
Leather Apron gave me real fits. ] am
down on whores and I shant quit rip-
ping them till I do get buckled. Grand
work the last job was. I gave the lady
no time to squeal. How can they
catch me now. I love my work and
want to start again. You will soon
hear of me with my funny little
games. I saved some of the proper
red stuff in a ginger beer bottle over
the last job to write with but it went
thick like glue and I can’t use it. Red
ink is fit enough I hope ha ha. The
next job I do I shall clip the ladies
ears off and send to the police offic-
ers just for jolly wouldn’t you. Keep
this letter back til I do a bit more
work, then give it out straight. My
knife’s so nice and sharp I want to
get to work right away if I get a
chance.

Good luck.
Yours truly
Jack the Ripper

Don’t mind the trade name.
Wasn't good enough to post this be-
fore I got all the red ink off my hands,
curse it No luck yet. They say I’m a
doctor now. ha ha.”

Maybrick turned 50 years old on Octo-
ber 24, 1888 and wrote in his diary:

75

“I was forced to stop myself from
indulging in my pleasure ( killing
prostitutes) by taking the largest dose
(arsenic) I have ever done. The pain
that night has burnt into my mind. I
vaguely recall putting a handkerchief
in my mouth to stop my cries. I be-
lieve I vomited several times. The
pain was intolerable, as I think I
shudder. No more.

I am convinced God placed me
here to kill all whores, for he must
have done so, am I still not here.
Nothing will stop me now. The more
I take ((arsenic) the more stronger I
become. Michael (Maybrick’s
brother) was under the impression
that once I finished my business I
was to return to Liverpool that very
day. And indeed I did one day later.
ha ha...”

Maybrick’s last “Ripper” victim was a
dead ringer for his wife Florie. Mary Jane
Kelly was 25 years old, had red hair like
Florie and was different from the other pros-
titute victims in that she was slim and pretty.

Kelly was last known to be alive in the
early morning hours of November 9,1888
because she disturbed her neighbors by
singing a victorian ballad ( Only A Violet I
Plucked From My Mothers Grave) in a loud
voice.

A witness saw Kelly take a client
(Maybrick) to her 12 foot square room ina
Miller’s Court after 2:00 a.m. At 4:00 Kelly's
neighbors heard a women scream “murder”
but they did nothing as such screams were
common in their rough neighborhood.
Kelly’s client was heard leaving her room at
5:45 a.m.

At 10:45 a.m. Kelly’s landlord called to

collect the rent. When she didn’t answer
his knock he looked in her window and saw
her horribly mutilated body.

The coroners report of the murder scene
decribed poor Kelly's body:

“The whole surface of the abdo-
men and thighs was removed and
the abdominal cavity emptied of its
viscera. The breasts were cut off, the
arms mutilated by several jagged
wounds and the face hacked beyond
recognition of the features. The tis-
sues of the neck were severed all
round to the bone.

The viscera were found in vari-
ous parts viz; the uterus and kidneys
with one breast under the head, the
other breast by the right foot, the
liver between the feet, the intestines
by the right side and the spleen by
the left side of the body. The flaps
removed from the abdomen and
thighs were on a table”

A supplementary report from the
coroner's autopsy read: “The pericardium
was opened and the heart absent.” This fact
was never made public but was clearly
noted in Maybricks diary.

Maybrick’s diary account of the murder
and mutilation included:

“T left nothing of the bitch, noth-
ing. I placed it all over the room, time
was on my hands, like the other
whore I cut off the bitches nose all
of it this time. I left nothing of her
face to remember her by... | thought
it was a joke when I cut her breasts
off, kissed them for awhile. The taste
of blood was sweet (pica), the plea-
sure was overwhelming, will have to

76

Settee

do it again. It thrilled me so. Left
them on the table with some other
stuff. Thought they belonged there.
They wanted a slaughterman so |
stripped what I could, laughed while
I was doing so. Like the other bitches
she ripped like a ripe peach.”

Maybrick became seriously ill in April
26, 1889 and his doctor was summoned
because of headaches (hypoglycemia or
diabetes resulting from chromium and va-
nadium deficiencies), numbness ( B,, defi-
ciency) of his legs and leg cramps (calcium
deficiency) so bad “they were like iron
bars.” Maybrick told his doctor he was tak-
ing arsenic and strychnine to “abate his
cravings.” His doctor recommended,”meat
once a day and beef tea thickened with Du
Barry’s Revalenta which was a Victorian
“cure all” for “indigestion, flatulency,
dyspepsia, phlegm,constipation, all ner-
vous, bilious and liver complaints, dysen-
tery, diarrhea, acidity, palpitation, heart-
burn, hemorrhoids, headaches, debility,
despondency, cramps, spasms, nausea,
sinking fits, coughs, asthma and bronchi-
tis, consumption and also children’s com-
plaints."

Now Maybrick was buying arsenic at
the bulk in 300 grain quantities. His pica
and unabated cravings for minerals had fi-
nally gotten so bad, that in an effort to
quench them he overdosed himself and
died in his own bed after an agonizing week
of subacute arsenic poisoning at 4:00 a.m.
on May 11, 1889.

The ironic part of the “Ripper” case is
“Jack's” wife was wrongly convicted of his
murder as it was said she wanted his insur-
ance money!!! Even though the legal sys-
tem was unaware that she was the wife of
“Jack the Ripper,” Flories seven day murder

trial was the court case of the century; she
was supposed to have soaked fly paper in
vinegar to extract arsenic with which to kill
her husband - the sensational trial created
“Maybrickmania” in the London tabloids.
The jury took just 35 minutes to deliberate
and find her guilty, the magistrate con-
demned her to death by hanging.

The scaffold was in fact being con-
structed just outside of Florie Maybrick’s
cell when she was given an 11th hour re-
prieve - the Home Secretary, Henry
Mathews commuted her sentence to life
in penal servitude - had unsuccessfully
tried to capture and try “Jack the Ripper”
(Florie’s husband) a year earlier!!!

Since the “Jack the Ripper” killings it
seems there appears a new serial killer
(Table 5-2) each week ( the soils are de-
pleted of minerals so the rate of pica and
depraved attempts to quench the cravings
with human blood and flesh increase at a
geometric rate!!).

FBI files contain no less than 5,000 un-
solved serial killer victims a year in the
United States alone!! Most of these cases
are simply written off as victims of “Satanic
Cults” because their blood, hearts, livers
and other organs are missing (consumed
in vampire and cannibalistic rites)!!! If we
do not get minerals into these mineral
starved generations they will consume us
in a primal effort to obtain minerals them-
selves - counselors, gun laws, more jails or
more police on the streets will not save us
as an army of people obsessed with
cravings that they don't understand and
they believe can only be quenched with
human blood and flesh would rise up, riot
and create a bloody anarchy (i.e.- Soma-
lia, Rwanda, etc.)!!!!

The serial killer most likely to be voted
a modern day "werewolf" would be Andrei
Chikatilo, the Russian known as the "Red

77

seca

Ripper." To make a long 12 year horror story
short he circulated through three killing
fields in and around Rostov for 12 years -
all of his victims were young girls and boys
or young women.

Chikatilo methodically stalked his 52
victims and killed them with one of his
many knives - he took parts of them includ-
ing nipples, uterus and genitals, but ex-
pressed a particular fondness for " the
chewy pink uterus (pica)" which gave him
considerable satisfaction as he chewed
them raw.

Andrei Chikatilo, first a teacher in a boys
school (he was forced to resign when he
was caught sexually abusing the boys), then
a parts buyer for a state run factory anda
raw materials locator, was found guilty of
52 mutilation murders and cannibalism and
sentenced to death which was carried out
by a Russian firing squad in 1994 after
Russian President Yeltson denied a plea for
clemency to Chikatilo.

Edward Geins is of particular interest
as he was the real life inspiration for the
"Buffalo Bill" serial killer in the 1991 movie,
Silence of the Lambs. Geins farmed a
"played out" subsistence farm in Plainfield,
Wisconsin. He started his werewolf prac-
tices by robbing bodies from graves to study
human female anatomy!!!

Geins skinned the corpses and either
wore the skin himself like a shawl until it
putrefied or he dried it as lamp shades; in
some instances he dried the skins over the
dress maker's dummy as was portrayed in
silence of the lambs.

In 1954 Geins killed for the first time.
The last killing of Geins was in 1957 when
suspicious police raided his farm they found
the headless and butchered body of Bernice
Worden hanging by its feet from the barn
rafters. A search of the house revealed parts
of humans everywhere and a refrigerator

full of human flesh and organs cut up into
meal sized portions.

Geins' primary food source was grown
on his played out farm - his minerally de-
pleted food supply resulted in severe min-
eral deficiencies in him which probably pro-
duced his bizarre cravings (pica) for human
flesh.

Waneta Hoyt is accused of killing each
of her five infant children by smothering
them with a pillow over a six year period -
they were initially diagnosed as SIDS vic-
tims (Sudden Infant Death Syndrome), but
a good pathologist proved all five were suf-
focated with a pillow.

Hoyt has diabetes (chromium and va-
nadium deficiency) and in her written con-
fession she stated," I knew something was
wrong with me. I feel I'm a good person,
but something was wrong with me."

Something was wrong with Hoyt just as
it is with literally millions of other Ameri-
cans - her behavior and judgment were
changed from that of a "good Christian farm
wife" to that of a sociopath serial killer as a
result of mineral deficiencies.

In ancient times "vampires" were dis-
patched with wooden stakes through the
heart; "werewolves" were destroyed with
silver bullets or silver spear heads - will jails,
more police, social workers, Prosac and
psychiatrists be effective against these leg-
endary monsters today? We think not. If
we do not remineralize our younger gen-

"Evil is unspectacular and always
human, and shares our bed and eats
at our own table."

- Herman Melville

78

Tuesday/March 8/1994/Star Tribune

Discovery of body in Britain leads
to 6 others; police continue search

Associated Press

Gloucester, England

No one remembers seeing Heather
West since the summer of 1987,
when she was 16 years old.

Police didn’t start looking for her in
earnest until last month. They found.
her body on Feb. 26, buried in the
back yard of her home.

Since then they have found six more
bodies on the property — two others
buried in the yard and four under the
basement — and they still are look-
ing.

It looms as Britain’s worst case of
serial murder in more than a decade.
Police said the search may spread to
other parts of Gloucestershire, and
they don’t know how many victims
they may find.

“We've no idea,” police spokeswom-
an Hillary Allison said Monday.
“We're just going to continue digging
and searching until we find anything
else.”

Heather's father, Frederick West, 52,
was charged last week with killing her.
and two other women — one of them
a pregnant lodger, 18-year-old Shirley
Ann Robinson, and the other an un-
identified woman in her 20s. Three
other victims also were women, but
the sex of the seventh, unearthed
yesterday in the basement, has not

been determined.

Police have not said how the victims
died.

Gloucester Chief Inspector Colin
Handy said there had been rumors
and local gossip for years about the
shabby, end-of-row house at 25
Cromwell St.

No one investigated until a local con-
stable decided to take a harder look,
Handy said. He refused to give de-
tails and would not identify the offi-
cer.

Police used a radar device developed
to detect buried land mines in the
search. “It told us to dig in three
places [outside]. We found three bod-
ies,” Handy said.

The search moved to the basement
during the weekend, and the four
other bodies were found.

Handy said once police have finished
searching the three-story Victorian
house, including demolishing an ad-
dition built by West, they will search
other sites around Gloucester, 85
miles northwest of London.

National circulation newspaper the
Daily Telegraph said police have
opened missing persons files dating
back to the 1960s in their hunt for
possible victims.

Police also are looking for West's
first wife, Catherine, and their daugh-
ter, Charmaine. Another daughter,
Anna, has been located.

Catherine West’s relatives said they
have not seen her nor Charmaine for
years, police said.

The Wests split up some time before

1972, when West married his second
wife, Rosemary.

LOS ANGELES TIMES

——_—__——-

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1994

RUSSIA

Killer Executed
in Deaths of 52

Russia has executed serial killer
Andrei Chikatilo, convicted of 52
murders in three former Soviet
republics during a 12-year ram-
page, the Interfax news agency
said in Moscow. Chikatilo, known
as the “Rostov Ripper,” was shot in
the southern region of Rostov-on-
Don after President Boris N. Yelt-
sin rejected an appeal for clemen-
cy, the agency said. The former
teacher was found guilty of raping.
and murdering 21 boys, 14 girls and
17 older women in Russia, Ukraine
and Uzbekistan starting in 1978. He
was arrested in 1990.

79

THE SAN DIEGO UNION-TRIBUNE

Wednesday, April 20, 1994

Italian farmer denies killing 8 couples

ASSOCIATED PRESS:

FLORENCE, Italy — A 68-year-
old farmer wept and proclaimed his
innocence at the start of his trial
yesterday on charges of murdering
eight young couples.

The trial began 26 years after

S. African held
in serial killings

REUTERS

CAPE TOWN — A scar-faced
male bodybuilder appears in court
today as the prime suspect in a hunt
for South Africa's worst serial killer
— the “Station Strangler.”

The 29-year-old teacher with a
history of mental illness faces a
charge of killing the latest of 22
victims strangled in an eight-year
rampage that horrified Cape Town.

The suspect, identified by a deep
scar on his right cheek, was ar-
rested last week in a huge hunt for
“the Station Strangler” who lured
21 boys and a man away from rail-
way platforms, raped and strangled
them, and dumped the bodies in his
own personal graveyard.

The man worked as a primary
school teacher in the mixed-race
community of Mitchells Plain, home
of some of the Strangler’s young
victims, boys between 9 and 15.

A psychological profile compiled
to aid police shows a remarkable
resemblance to the suspect.

The profile described the Stran-
gler as intelligent, a neat dresser
and working in a job such as a
policeman, priest or teacher. It also
said he was likely to be a single,
bilingual mixed-race man.

the first victims were fatally shot by
an assailant dubbed the “Monster of
Florence.” The killings continued in
and around the city until 1985.

The 16 victims, who included a
German couple and two French
tourists, all were shot with the

Monday, April 18, 1994

same .22-caliber Beretta pistol in
or near their cars,

“Why don’t they believe me?”
Pietro Pacciani asked reporters.
“They want to try someone who is
not involved. I’m a scapegoat.”

Wearing an old blue raincoat, he
wept throughout the hearing. The
lawyers and judge discussed techni-
cal matters and the trial was ad-
journed unti] tomorrow.

Pacciani, who lived in a small
town near Florence, was formally
placed under investigation in 1991.

“At least we've finally arrived at
a trial,” said Renzo Rontini, father
of Pia Rontini, slain in 1984.

THE SAN DIEGO UNION-TRIBUNE

MONDAY, MARCH 14, 1994

Drifter Jailed in N. Carolina
Is Charged in 10 Murders

CHARLOTTE, N.C.—A man police say stran-
gled neighbors and women he worked with during
a killing spree that lasted nearly two years was
charged Sunday with 10 counts of murder.

Henry Louis Wallace, 28, was arrested Feb. 4
after a theft at a shopping mall but was released.
He was arrested again Saturday, and police said
four of the 10 murders were reported between his
release and Saturday's arrest.

Police said Wallace was a drifter who settled in
Charlotte three years ago. He had no permanent
address and worked in various restaurants, Deputy
Police Chief L.R. Snider said.

Most of the victims lived in the same section of
east Charlotte as Wallace.

Police didn’t offer details as to how they
identified Wallace as a suspect.

—Associated Press

Ed

Star Tribune

Wednesday
March 9/1994

Before dying from AIDS, suspect
admits 21 slayings in Illinois, Indiana

Associated Press

Naperville, Ill.

A suspected serial killer who died of
complications from AIDS on death
row confessed to killing 21 young
men he lured with drugs, alcohol and
money, his attorney said Tuesday.

The disclosure provided some an-
swers to a decade of questiuns about
Larry Eyler, who died Sunday. Au-
thorities had considered him the
prime suspect in the murders in Illi-
nois and Indiana in the early 1980s.
He was convicted in only two kill-
ings.

“The reason I'm here is so that the
families know, he did confess to the
murders of your sons,” attorney
Kathleen Zellner said at a news con-
ference attended by families of
Eyler’s alleged victims. “He told me
that, and [ lope that can bring you

some peace of mind.” Zellner, who
had handled Eyler’s appeals, said that
he described the killings to her over
the past three years, and that she
persuaded him to let her release his
confession after his death.

She released a list of 21 killings to
which she said Eyler had confessed,
along with the places and dates where
the victims were found between 1982
and 1984. Zellner’s list gave no
names for seven of the victims; 11
were found in Indiana, nine in Illi-
nois and one body has never been
found, she said. She also released a
handwritten 1990 letter from Eyler to.
former Illinois Gov. James Thomp-
son offering to confess to the killings.
Zellner said the letter was never
mailed.

Zellner said an accomplice helped
Eyler commit four of the killings. She
did not name the alleged accomplice

but said she knew the person's identi-
ty and urged others who may have
been targeted as victims or helped in
moving evidence to come forward.
Eyler lured his victims with offers of
liquor, drugs and money, Zellner
said, then drove them to remote ar-
eas where they were handcuffed,
gagged and blindfolded and had their
feet bound. Not all of Eyler’s victims
were gay, Zellner said, and Eyler nev-
er had sex during the abductions.

Law enforcement authorities said
Zellner’s disclosure wasn’t surprising,
because Eyler had long been the
prime suspect in many of the killings.

“The victims’ families got more out
of this than law enforcement did,”
said Andy Knott, spokesman for the
Cook County state's attorney’s office
in Chicago. Knott also said the con-
fession alone doesn't prove that Eyler
was the serial killer.

81

Chicago Tribune, Wednesday, March 9, 1994

Confessions cf alleged serial killer

On Tuesday, Larry Eyier's attomey
detailed his confessions of 21
murders; he allegedly committed
17 alone and four with an
accomplice. Eyler died Sunday at
Pontiac Correctional Center, where
he was on Death Row for the
1984 murder of 15-year-old
Daniel 8ridges of Uptown.

Eyler's alleged victims

Locations and dates of
murders; in chronological order.

E4 Steven Crockett, age 19*
Kankakee

Oct. 23, 1982

£3 John R. Johnson, age 25
Lake County, Ind.

Dec. 25, 1982

E} John L. Roach, age 24
Putnam County, Ind.

Dec. 28, 1982

() Steven Agan, age 23*
Newport, Ind.

Dec. 28, 1982

B Edgar Underkofter, age 27
Danville, Il.

March 4, 1983

( Gustavo Herrara, age 28
Lake County, ill,

April 8, 1983

ed Ervin Dwayne Gibson, age 16
Lake County, III.

April 15, 1983

E] Jimmy T. Roberts, age 18
Cook County
May 9, 1983

E] Daniet Scott McNleve, age 21
Indlanapolis/Belleville, Ind.
May 9, 1983

EQ] Unidentified male
Ford County, Itt.
July 2, 1983

EE§ Ralph Calise, age 28
Lake County, Ill.
Aug. 31, 1983

EE unidentified mate
Rensselaer, Ind.
Oct. 15, 1983

EE] Michael Bauer, age 22
Newton County, Ind.
Oct. 19, 1983

E&J John Bartlett, age 19
Newton County, Ind.
Oct. 19, 1983

EE] Unidentified male
Newton County, Ind.
Oct. 19, 1983

EQ unidentified maie*
Newton County, Ind.
Oct. 19, 1983

EXd unidentified mate
Effingham, lll.
Dec. 5, 1983

EE] David M. Block, age 22
Lake County, lil.
May 7, 1984

EE) unidentified mate*
Eyler’s Chicago apartment
June 1984

E20] Richard Wayne, age 21
Indianapolis/Belleville, Ind.
Dec. 7, 1984

E24 Unidentified male
Indianapolis/Belleville, Ind.
Dec. 7, 1984

*Victims allegedly murdered by
Eyler and an accomplice.

Source: Kathleen Zeliner, Larry Eyler’s attomey Chicago Tnbune

82

Table 5-2 . Notorious serial killers (Vampires, Werewolves and cannibals)

Date Cannibalism/ Location No.
Mutilation of Victims

Angel Makers 1914-29 Unknown Budapest, Hungary 300
Vampire Rapist 1968 Yes Calgary, Canada 4
Moors Murders 1965 No Manchester, England 5
Joseph Briggen 1902 Yes Sacramento, California 13
Jerry Brudos 1968 Yes Portland, Oregon 7
Theodore “Ted” Bundy 1972 Yes WA,Ut, CO 19 -50
Butcher of Kingsbury Run 1935 -1939 Yes OH, PA 12
Vampire of Sacramento 1978 Yes Sacramento, California 6
Red Ripper 1978-90 Yes USSR 52
Carroll E. Cole 1971-79 Yes CA, NV,TX, WY, OK 35
Norman J. Collins 1967 - 69 Yes Collins, Michigan 7
Adolfo Constanza 1987 Yes Metamoros 15
Juan V. Corona 1971 Yes Yuba Co., California 25
Jeffrey L. Dahmer 1991-92 Yes WI, IL 17
Karl Denke 1924 Yes Poland, Germany 30
Boston Strangler 1962-64 Yes Boston 13
Herman Drenth 1920 - 31 Yes West Virginia 55
Metal Fang 1980-89 Yes Kazakhstan, USSR 7
Albert Fish 1917-28 Yes Washington, D.C. 12

John W. Gacy 1978 - 80 Illinois

Edward Gein 1954-57 Yes Plainfield, WI 2-25

Berlin Butcher 1917 - 21 Berlin

1919-24

Butcher of Hanover Hanover

Teet Haerm,M.D. 1984 - 86 Yes Stockholm, Copenhagen 8
Jack the Ripper 1888
Randy Kraft 1972-83 Yes MI, OR, OH, WA, NY 67

London

83

Table 5-2 . Notorious serial killers (Vampires, Werewolves and cannibals (Continuation)

Date Cannibalism/ Location No.
Mutilation of Victims

Vampire of Dusseldorf 1929-30 Yes Dusseldorf

Henri Landru 1917-19 Yes Gambais, France
Monster of the Andes 1970-80 Yes Ecuador, Peru, Columbia
Henry Lee 1960-83 Yes U.S.A.

Lucas Sydney 1961-62 Yes Sydney, Australia
Gennadiy Mikasevich 1971-85 Unknown — Soloniki, Russia
Monster of Florence 1968-86 Yes Florence, Italy

Alfred Packer 1874 Yes Colorado

Elifasi Msomi 1953-55 Yes Natal, So. Africa
Hermann Mudgett,MD 1891-95 Yes Chicago

Dennis Nilsen 1978-83 Yea London

Marcel Petiot, M.D. 1928 - 44 Yea Villeneuve, France
Jesse Pomeroy 1874-76 Yes Boston

Lucian Staniak 1964-67 Yes Poland

Holocaust Man 1973-79 Arsonist England

Yorkshire Ripper 1976-81 Yes Yorkshire

Green River Killer 1982-84 Yes Washington

Frank Potts 1994 Yes NY, PA, Al, KY, GA, FL
Henry L. Wallace 1994 Unknown North Carolina

Danny Rolling 1989 Yes Gainsville, FL

Joel Rifkin 1993 Yes Long Island, NY
Waneta Hoyt 1965 - 71 No Newark, NY

Station Strangler 1986 - 1994 Yes Cape Town, South Africa
Larry Eyler 1984-94 Yes Indiana

1-70/1-35 Killer 1991 - 94 Unknown MO, IN, TX

84

—
=

Chapter 6

“THE BAD SEEDS”:

“ He had in his hand a heavy cane, with which he
was trifling; but he answered never a word , and
seemed to listen with an ill-contained impatience.
And then all of a sudden he broke out in a great
flame of anger, stamping with his foot, brandishing
the cane, and carrying on (as the maid described it)
like a mad man. The old gentleman took a step
back, with the air of one very much surprised and a
trifle hurt; and at that Mr. Hyde broke out of all
bounds and clubbed him to the earth. And the

next moment, with ape - like fury, he was trampling
his victim under foot, and hailing down a storm of
blows, under which the bones were audibly shat-
tered and the body jumped upon the roadway.”

- Robert Louis Stevenson
The strange case of Dr. Jekyll
and Mr. Hyde, 1886

The Jekyll and Hyde Syndrome

The “Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde” Syndrome
is very descriptive of children, teens or
adults who at one moment turn from being
“little angels” and the “salts of the earth”
to little monsters, sociopathic rebellious
teens ( many of whom in their rage assault
or kill friends, siblings and parents) and
abusive adults who hurt or kill their spouse
or children. The sad part is most of these
people, often times labeled “bad seeds,”
don’t need counselors or psychiatrists - they
need nutritional advice - especially advice
about mineral requirements and no sugar
diets (the See Food Diet). Unfortunately
many of the individuals will wind up in jail
or hurt or even kill someone before anyone
pays attention - American jails are full of
such wasted mineral deficient souls. What
kind of society are we that approves of

metamphetamines, tranquilizers and up-
pers but not mineral supplements? The “Mr.
Hyde” side of a child may be cute or frus-
trating depending upon your mood, how-
ever the “Mr. Hyde “ side of a teenager or
adult of any age with a hammer in their
hand is pretty scary.

Each year 1,000 to 1,500 American chil-
dren under the age of 18 are arrested for
murder or manslaughter following their ex-
plosive rages. Most are apparently sense-
less acts unrelated to drugs or gang warfare,
the violence and the killing far outweighing
the stated cause of the attack, ie. “I shot
my mother and father because they made
me do my homework instead of letting me
go to the mall with my friends!” The
Menendez brothers (35 years old) who mur-
dered their parents in cold blood for alleged

85

(Hae |
City’s killing

pace: 1 murder
every 10 hours

By John W. Fountain
‘TRIBUNE STAFF WRITER

Murder in Chicago continues
at a record pace, with 291 people
killed so far this year, a rate of.
one homicide every 10 hours,
police records showed Thurs-
day.

The nearly 300 homicides also
represent a more than 20 per-
cent increase over the 241 people
killed during the same period
last year and reflects a surge in
gang violence, police and ana-
lysts said.

Last year, 247 people were
killed from January through the
end of April.

“It's getting worse, clearly, and
the gang-related aspect is going
up,” said Dr. Carl Bell, a psychi-
atrist and the president of the
Community Mental Health
Council.

Bell, who has studied urban
violence for about 20 years, said
most homicides historically
have resulted from “interper-
sonal altercations” where
victims are family or friends of
the offenders. Surges in gang-re-
lated homicides have contribut-
ed in previous years to the mur-
der tolls, but historically have
been outpaced by other types of
homicide, experts said.

Of the 220 people murdered by
the end of March, only 30 have
been classified as gang-related,
police said. The 291st person, 60-
year-old Paul Mike, was shot
during an attempted robbery
Wednesday night near his home
in the 2000 block of West 80th
Street, police said.

Still, the recent escalation of
shootings among street gangs
has left victims caught in the
crossfire and contributed to the
rising fear of residents. It is an
escalating drug war among sev-
eral gangs feuding internally
over control of territories that
has led to an increase in
shootings, police and observers

Deadliest start

to a Chicago year
Through 5 a.m. Thursday, 291
People had been slain in
Chicago, setting a record for
the most murderous first four
months of the year. Fifty more
people have been killed than
at the same time last year.

| Murder victiens |

Number of people Killed in
Chicago; January through Apri
ce

“
*Through 5 a.m. April 28

‘8 9 92

Violent deaths in 1994°

Seventy-one percent of victims
were shot to death. Total: 294.

‘Source: Chicago Police Department,

Chicago Tibune/David Jahntz

agreed.

Jamone Ross, 10, became a
casualty of that war Sunday
when he was shot while sitting
on his bicycle in his South Side
neighborhood. Another 10-year-
old, Rodney Collins, was shot
March when caught in the
crossfire while riding his bi-

See MURDER, PAGE 20

86

abuses going back to when they were kids
are perfect examples of such sociopathic
individuals.

Twenty five per cent of Americans are
under the age of 18 and approximately 11
percent of all people arrested for murder
and manslaughter are under 18 -16,326
murders were reported in 1988, of those
1,765 were commited by juveniles. Eighty
five percent of all juvenile killers are 15, 16
or 17 years old; less than one percent are
under 15 years old. In 1988, 0.6 % or three
of the 1,765 killings were commited by chil-
dren under nine years of age.

Arrest figures or even court records do
not reflect the true numbers of “bad seeds”
who perpetrate assaults, commit murder or
manslaughter as most states look at chil-
dren under seven as “incapable of criminal
conduct”; however, a glimpse of reality of
the minerally deficient child can be seen in
the 1957 movie “The Bad Seed.” Patti
McCormick played Rhoda (the “Bad Seed”),
a well-to-do student in a private school, yet
a classic sociopathic little girl (she was very
fond of candy, chocolate and ice cream),
who at age 10 first killed her aging baby
sitter by pushing her down the icy steps to
speed up her promise - she had promised
Rhoda a glass globe with a little house and
snow inside when she died.

Rhodas second killing was a little boy
in her class who won a first prize medal in
an English composition contest - Rhoda
coveted the medal and when he refused to
turn his hard won medal over to her she
beat him with her metal shoe cleats and
then she drowned the little boy at a school
picnic. Lastly, Rhoda killed the gardener by
setting his straw bed on fire when he sus-
pected her of killing the little boy and teased
her about it.

Rhoda was plotting to kill her aging aunt

to get the parakeet she was promised when
her aunt died; her mother figured out her
sociopathic behavior and gave little Rhoda
sleeping pills (exchanged for her daily vita-
mins) to put an end to her murderous ways,
but Rhoda survived. In the end Rhoda was
killed by lightning as she fished in the pond
to get the little boy's composition medal
thrown there by her mother.

A 1993 remake of the Bad Seed starring
McCaully Culkin who plays Henry is called
“One Good Son”; this movie has all of the
known updated behaviors of sociopathic
kids who create mayhem and kill. Henry,
the oldest of three children from an upper
middle class family, kills his infant brother
by drowning him in the bath tub because
he wants his yellow bath duck back that
had been handed down to the infant; Henry
kills dogs, causes a huge highway pile up
by throwing a dummy onto a highway, at-
tempts to murder his younger sister by sling-
ing her out onto the thin ice of a partially
frozen skating pond; and lastly tries to kill
his mother by pushing her over a cliff after
she finds out that Henry killed his baby
brother and suggested he need psychiatric
help.

Henry is foiled in the attempt on his
mother's life by a cousin who recognizes
Henry for what he is and in the end given
the choice of saving her own sociopathic
son Henry or her nephew from dropping
off of the cliff she chose to let her socio-
pathic son die.

Henry's mother let him die in the movie
because she had no hope he could be
helped and knew he would be placed in a
facility for the criminally insane or jail - what
a waste. In reality all Rhoda or Henry
needed was a sugar free diet and regular
supplementation with the 90 required nu-
trients each day including chromium, va-

87

nadium and lithium!!!

Between 1973 and 1979 a British teen
ager (started his serial arson murders at age
13) set residence fires with the express pur-
pose of killing - he was to become known
as “Holocaust Man.” His 25 victims in-
cluded two infants, an elderly woman of 82,
a 72 year old recluse and several epilep-
tics; in one fire alone he burned to death
11 old men in a nursing home.

“Holocaust Man” was in fact Peter
Dinsdale (alias, Bruce Lee), an epileptic
who was born with an atrophic (withered)
right arm - his mother was a prostitute who
no doubt drank alcohol and did drugs dur-
ing her pregnancy. Of his relationship with
his mother he said,” Ever since I can re-
member it has been, do this,do that, where
are you going? Go to bed, I’ve got a man
friend coming: I don’t want him to know
I’ve got a kid, especially a crippled one. Do
this. Do that. I just got sick.”

David Brewer, 34, was a pigeon breeder
who “clipped” Bruce Lee’s ear when he was
caught disturbing Brewer's pigeon loft. In
taking revenge Lee twisted the head off of
each and every pigeon in the loft!!

Lee then found Brewer asleep in a
drunken stuper; he poured paraffin over
him and set him on fire - Brewer remained
in a coma for seven days before he died.

In his confession Lee finished his state-
ment by saying,” I’m only happy when I
see houses burning and people roasting.
The screams make me feel very powerful.”

American children under the age of 18
account for 17% of all reported arrests and
33.3 % of arrests for serious crimes (i.e.-
burglery, larceny, theft, motor vehicle theft
and arson); and 16 to 17 % of the arrests
for all major violent crimes combined (i.e.-
murder, rape, robbery and aggravated as-

sault).

Children under the age of 15 years ac-
count for about 5 % of all reported arrests,
13 to 14 % of arrests for serious property
crimes and 5 % of arrests for all major vio-
lent crimes combined; children under 10
regularly account for 1 % of the annual ar-
rests for major crimes and about 0.5 % of
all arrests.

Like age, gender is related to rates of
participation in homicide. Juvenile murders
and manslaughter like all crime are more
likely to be commited by males. Female
juveniles are statistically unlikely to kill,
however, some of the most dreadful teen-
age killers are girls!!!

Putting together the appearence of the
male hormone testosterone during puberty
between 14 and 18, mineral deficiencies
(especially copper, chromium, vanadium
and lithium ) and high sugar intakes (i.e.-
apple juice, grape juice, sugar drinks, co-
las, ice cream, candy, boxed cereals, past-
ties of all kinds, etc.), it is not surprising
that our jails are full and death row is popu-
lated by hundreds of teens waiting to be
executed for murder!!! Testosterone surges,
high sugar intake and mineral deficiencies
are as explosive a mixture as matches, ni-
troglycerine and gun powder combined!!!

Race and ethnic background are con-
sistently important variables in child com-
mitted homicide. Black children are over
represented among juveniles arrested for
murder and manslaughter - 18 % of all
Americans under the age of 18 are black,
yet in 1988 over 57 % of all teen killers were
black!!! Hispanics comprise only 8 % of the
American population yet 25 % of all homi-
cides are committed by Hispanics under the
age of 18!!! Add to the testosterone surge,
high sugar intake and mineral deficiencies

88

One man, more than 100 fires:
Seattle area’s wave of terror

By Lori Sharn
and Deeann Glamser
USA TODAY

EVERETT, Wash. — Meet
Paul Keller: 28-year-old for-
mer advertising salesman,
church choir member — and
one of the most prolific arson-
ists ever to strike the USA.

For six months in 1992 and
1993, he terrorized the Seattle
area, setting more than 100
fires that cost at least three
lives and an astounding $35
million in damage.

Keller's one-man crime
wave is just a small part of the
persistent and frightening ar-
Son problem plaguing the USA

Churches in Florida; Amish
barns in Pennsylvania; govern-
ment buildings in Montana —
all are recent targets of serial
arsonists.

And while no one knows
what percentage of fires are
set by serial arsonists, there
may be 250 serial arsonists at
large in the USA, says Dave
Icove, formerly with the FBI's
National Center for the Analy-
sis of Violent Crime.

Some of them may be like
Paul Keller — confused and
contradictory, a mass arsonist
who says he doesn’t know why
he set the fires and sometimes
forgot about them until turning
on the evening news.

Still, like many arsonists, he
sometimes stayed (0 watch his
handiwork

“Mainly what I noticed was
how incredibly fast they took
off,” Keller said in a jailhouse
interview. “They burned so
fast. It blew me away

“Tt wasn't exciting — it upset
my stomach.”

Investigators say Keller was
uniquely armed to spread cha-
0s and fear, with an incredible
knowledge of both local geog-
raphy and firefighting

Keller — twice rejected as a
volunteer firefighter and possi-
bly angry about it — knew ev-
ery station in the area and
avoided police suspicion in
part because of his neat ap-
pearance and costly wardrobe.

*They don't make serial ar-

By Jim Leo, Everett Herald via AP

IN EVERETT, WASH.: A fire in 1992 at North Cascades Building
Materials was attributed to serial arsonist Paul Keller.

sonists like Keller,” says Alco-
hol, Tobacco and Firearms
agent Dane Whetsel. “Here isa
man who has spent his whole
life preparing for this event.”

Keller, who admits his
crimes — including a retire-
ment home fire that killed
three women — says he never
meant to hurt anyone. “I am
not a bad guy,” he say
After midnight,
a cry of ‘Cail 91

The arson wave began Aug.
6, 1992. Keller said he had
been drinking for several
hours when he drove intoa cul-
de-sac where three houses
were under construction.

Using a pocket lighter, he lit
the tar paper. The houses
burned to the ground.

Three days later, two
churches were set ablaze in
‘one night. By September, the
arsonist was torching homes
while people slept inside.

On many nights, he manipu-
lated firefighters, setting one
fire, waiting until the trucks
left — then lighting another
near the now-empty station.

Firefighters went on a mas-
sive public education sweep
They knocked on doors and
handed out fliers. Residents
moved firewood away from
houses, got rid of debris, even
locked up plastic lawn chairs.

The Metcalf family in subur-
ban Lynnwood was concerned
about the arsons, bul not wor-

ried. The family went to sleep
on an October night with the
garage door locked in place,
Dut open about a foot for their
miniature poodle, Taffy

Rod Metcalf, 40, a contrac-
tor, awoke shortly after mid-
night. Heavy smoke was pour-
ing from the garage.

“Call 911," Rod yelled to his
wife, Terry. He ran screaming
down the hall, knocking on
doors to awaken his seven chil-
dren, ages 4 to 17.

It was the first of 7 fires that
night, all within Snohomish
County Fire District No. 1

As attacks intensify,
Clues begin to surface

Two months later, Frankie
and Bill Geddes were getting
ready for bed when they heard
a “whoosh” sound. The Ged-
des, both 77, lived above the
boat storage warehouse at
their Marysville, Wash., mari-
na. Bill Geddes dashed down-
stairs and saw a ball of flame
rolling across the boats.

“We just got out with our
lives,” says Geddes. “Five
more minutes and we'd have
been cremated.”

As Keller became more bra-
zen, a special task force began
noticing some clues’

> The fires mostly were set
waist- or chest-high — as op-
posed to near or on the ground
— and never during foul
weather. Apparently, the ar-
sonist didn't like to get dirty.

iy Robert Sorbo. AP
KELLER: Doesn't know why he set fires, some-
times forgot about them until seeing TV news

> One witness was adamant
about seeing a black Ford Tau-
tus leaving a fire. Later, anoth-
er witness saw a light blue or
silver American car with tem-
porary plates

“It... led us to think he was
probably a traveling sales-
man,” says Lt. Randall Litch-
field of the Seattle Fire Depart-
ment. “Both were plain-Jane
fleet-type cars.”

> Keller also was leaving re-
cords that later would tie him
to fire scenes. He purchased
gas with a credit card about 90
miles east of Seattle, where
four fires were set, and used
his cellular phone constantly

“IUleft a footprint wherever
he would go,” Litchfield says.

The task force was getting
close, but didn't know it yet.

89

| seeeeeeee ||
[seeseeesey

THURSDAY, MARCH 24, 1994 - USA TODAY

Arson

The USA has one of the worst fire fatality
rates in the industrialized world, and among
the leading causes is arson — a killer blamed
for more than 600 deaths a year. Under-

reported and hard to so!

Ive, arson soon may

be the nation’s leading cause of fire deaths, a
crime against people, not just property.

By Lori Sharn
USA TODAY

Earlier this week, police
claim Julius Kuntu got mad at
his landlord and torched the
Chicago apartment building
where he used to live.

Seven people died, including
four children; Kuntu has been
charged with murder.

Far from being an isolated
example of revenge, experts
say the Chicago blaze is part of
their growing concern over ar-
son, which is on track to be-
come the USA's top fire killer.

Not only does arson cause
about $2 billion a year in dam-
age, but if current trends con-
tinue, it will surpass careless
smoking to become the leading
cause of fire deaths by the end
of the decade, says fire protec-
tion consultant Phil Schaen-
man of TriData Corp. Right
now arson is linked to about
19 of fire deaths — the sec-
ond leading cause.

Some experts also believe
arson is being used with in-
creasing frequency by gangs
and others as a tool of fear, re-
taliation and murder.

Three weeks ago in St. Paul,
Minn., an arsonist killed five
children, Police are investigat-
ing whether their older broth-
cr, a murder witness, was the
target of a gang menber.

In Prince Georges County,
Md, last year, teen-agers threw
a gasoline-filled beer bottle
into the apartment of a shoot-
ing witness. She escaped, but
the fire killed a |-year-old girl

“If you burn down an apart-
ment building, everyone knows
you're to be feared,” says Jim
Estep, Prince Georges County
fire chief.

A study of arsons in Los An-
geles, Chicago, Philadelphia,
Kansas City, Mo., and New Ha-
ven, Conn., shows this profile:
21% are drug-related, with re-

Arson costs

Losses to arson in residential
and all structural cases:

All structural
arson

Residential

arson

91
‘Source: U.S. Fire Administration
(1991 totals are the most current
available)

By Elys A McLean, USA TODAY

venge as the motive 14% of the
time, and gang members were
involved 12% of the time.

A quarter of drug-related ar-
sons were at occupied dwell-
ings, implying “intent to mur-
der,” the study says.

“We did not anticipate any-
where near that number,” says
James Brown, explosives divi-
sion chief of the Bureau of Al-
cohol, Tobacco and Firearms.
“We've got a lot of problems
out there related to narcotics.”

In big cities and urban areas,
incendiary or suspicious blazes
are the leading cause of fire
deaths — responsible for a
third of fatalities. Nationwide,
the number of fire deaths
linked to causes other than ar-
son is falling, but deaths linked
to incendiary or suspicious
fires is holding fairly steady.

The FBI says [5% of arson
cases are cleared by arrest or
other means. But the National
Fire Protection Association es-
timates only about 2% of “set
fires” lead to convictions.

Experts believe many arson
fires are never identified as

90

USA TODAY « THURSDAY, MARCH 24, 1994+ 9A

Portrait of a serial arsonist

Interviews with 83 convicted serial arsonists show they set an average of 31.5 fires
each, starting at an average age of 15. Also, 94% are male, 82% white and 66%
single and their average education level is 10th grade. Other findings from the
interviews, completed in 1992:

Prior arrests Most lived near ‘atson scene
61% say they walked to the arson scene.
beet) 87% Distance of crime from arsonists’ home:
Multiple 63% 20.3% 29.7% 20.3%
felonies 0-5 blocks 11/2 mile 1-2 miles
Aeon 24%
Institutional history
Juvenile 54%
detention 6.8%
Mental health 46% Home or 16.3%
institution 2 miles,
ESS a 6.6% Varied distances or more
Most cite revenge as motive ...and those arsonists say
5% 41% they were retaliating against:
Conceal a crime Revenge 6% A group 59% Society
5% L
Profit 15% 20%
7% 12% 30% Aperson An institution
Vandalism — Mixed! —_ Excitement
Source: National Center for Analysis of Violent
1 = Includes psychological problems Crime, arson and bombing unit

By Nick Galifianakis, USA TODAY

91

Ce

los Angeles Gimes

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1994

LOS ANGELES TIMES

Boy, 14, Sentenced to 9 Years in Prison for Killing Child

From Times Wire Services

BATH, N.Y.—Heeding a heart-
broken father’s plea, a judge sen-
tenced a 14-year-old boy Monday
to nine years to life in prison—the
maximum possible—for luring a
4-year-old boy into the woods and
crushing his skull with a rock.

The killer, Eric Smith, cast his
eyes downward but showed no
emotion.

Eric, 13 at the time of the
slaying, was tried on the murder
charge as an adult. He had con-
fessed in 1993 to leading Derrick
Robie on a supposed shortcut to a
day camp they attended in the
western New York village of Sa-
vona. In an overgrown lot, Eric
choked the boy and bashed his

head with a 26-pound rock. He
then sodomized the body with a
stick.

“When Derrick came into this
world I cried and when Derrick left
this world I cried,” Dale Robie, his
voice trembling, said in asking the
court for the maximum sentence. “I
have felt the whole realm of loving
and losing.”

“I pray that this person will
never have the opportunity to take
the life of another child,” Robie
told the court.

The defense had argued unsuc-
cessfully that Eric suffers from
“jntermittent explosive disorder,”
characterized by uncontrollable
violent impulses.

His lawyer, Kevin Bradley,
Monday described his young client

as “a sick boy in need of treat-
ment.” Eric will serve at least the
first part of his sentence at a
lockup for juveniles; he could be
transferred to prison at 18.

Eric could be free by age 22 and
“back among us at some point in
his 20s,” prosecutor John Tunney
said.

Residents of the rural communi-
ty at first believed that a stranger
was responsible for the murder
unt a relative of Eric Smith found
inconsistencies in his recollection
of events and brought him to the
attention of investigators.

Under state law, a child as young
as 13 can be tried as an adult for
murder but faces a more lenient
sentence. An adult convicted of.
murder can get 25 years to life.

92

FAMILY SLAYINGS: High
school honor student Clay Shrout,
17, shot his parents and two sisters,
calmly went to trigonometry class,
briefly brandished a weapon and
announced, “I've had a really bad
day, I just killed my family,” au-
thorities in Union, Ky., said. He’s
charged with murder, kidnapping,
menacing and disorderly conduct.
Police identified the victims as
Walter Harvey Shrout, 43; his wife, AP
Becky Shrout, 44, and daughters SHROUT: ‘I've hada
Kristen Shrout, 14; and Lauren, 12. bad day.’

THE WASHINGTON Post

Fripay, May 27, 1994

Kentucky Honor Student Held
In Slaying of His Family

UNION, Ky.—A high school honors student killed
his parents and two sisters yesterday morning, calm-
ly went to trigonometry class, showed the teacher
and classmates his gun and surrendered, saying, “I've
had a bad day,” authorities said.

Clay Shrout, 17, described by one neighbor as
“really weird” and always dressed in black, was being
held in the Kenton County Jail, charged with four
counts of murder.

Police identified the victims as Walter Harvey
Shrout, 43; his wife, Becky Shrout, age unknown;
and daughters Kristen, 14; and Lauren, 12.

Police arrested Shrout at Ryle High School in this
rural, affluent suburb of Cincinnati after he surren-
dered to Assistant Principal Stephen Sorrell.

93

NEWSPAPER

10 Frantic Days
Oct. 25: ‘He’s got my
kids.’ Susan Smith says
| carjacker took Michael,
| 3, and Alex, 14 months.
Oct. 26: The FBI joins in
nationwide search.

NO. 1 IN THE USA... FIRST IN DAILY READERS

Sight and Sound Studio

BUY YOUR
HOME AWAY
FROM HOME

YOU DON'T HAVE TO BE
A MILLIONAIRE TO
AFFORD A 2ND PLACE, 18

| ‘FRANKENSTEIN’
A xx’ GOTHIC
BODICE-RIPPER

>» MOVIE REVIEWS, 4D

8
BEAVER CREEK, COLO.:
Time-share paradise, 18

Halloween: Yellow rib-
bons appear in town.

Noy, 2: ‘Whoever has
my children please,
please bring them back.’
Police search her home.
Nov. 3: People gasp at
news of murder charges.

Police: Mom killed kids

| Missing car, two bodies pulled from lake

By Gary Fields
and Robert Davis
USA TODAY

94

| Bae

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1994

Police Say Baby
Slain by Mother,
Thrown to Dogs

By LISA O'NEILL
SPECIAL TO THE TIMES.

A 19-year-old woman was arrested in
Pomona on suspicion of killing her new-
born son and throwing his body into the
back yard of a neighbor's home where pit
bulls were kept, police said Wednesday

Araceli Banda Garcia, who has two other
children, was being held without bail at
Sybil Brand Institute on suspicion of mur-
der after her arrest Tuesday night, said Lt.
Ron Frazier of the Pomona Police Depart-
ment.

“We believe that the suspect intention-
ally murdered the infant and have evidence
to support a homicide charge,” Frazier said.

The mutilated body of the baby boy,
whose arm was missing and whose testicles
had been severed, was found Friday after-
noon in the yard of a house in the 500 block
of Orange Grove Avenue.

Police initially believed that one or both
of the pit bulls mauled the nine-pound

Please see BABY, B8

MOTHER ARRESTED: Ara-
celi Banda Garcia, the mother
of a newborn baby apparently
discarded in a Pomona yard,
was arrested and booked for
investigation of murder, police
said. Police now do not believe
that the pit bulls killed the
baby. B1

95

the peer group pressures not to “lose face”
or to “be macho” you have an explosive
mixture equal to matches, nitroglycerine,
gun powder and jet fuel!!!! You just know
what is going to happen.

Economic background is supposed to
have a great deal to do with the crime rate,
the poorer the family the more likely the
children will get into trouble - on the sur-
face this is correct, but it is the high starch,
high sugar diets and the low mineral (i.e.-
copper, chromium, vanadium and lithium)
food intake of the poor that are the true
bottom line causes. As the medical profes-
sion still doesn’t believe in a disease as real
and simple as low blood sugar, it is easy to
see why social workers, medical doctors
and psychiatrists have missed this one by
a country mile!!!!

Jennifer Capriati (tennis) and Tonya
Harding (figure skating) are two examples
of people with money and bright futures
who “fell apart” during the peak of their
careers because of mineral deficiencies.
Tonya Harding, a true sociopath was pic-
tured many times on the news eating junk
food and drinking 32 ounce colas. Capriati
turned to drugs to satisfy her pica cravings.
Capriati had been the darling of the tennis
world at age 13; at 16 she became surly and
non-communicative, she suffered
tendonitis and bone spurs; at 17 she was a
drug abusing runaway!!

The common denominator of both of
these well to-do child athletes is mineral
deficiencies (i,e.-copper, calcium, chro-
mium, vanadium and lithium) - remember,
we lose all minerals when we sweat and if
we don’t replace them we develop
deficiencies.Then there are those who
would blame being a “Bad Seed” on genet-
ics.

|

A recent editorial in Time magazine by
Dennis Overbye sums up this issue:

“Some of us it seems were born
to be bad. Scientists say they are on
the verge of pinning down genetic
and biochemical abnormalities that
predispose their bearers to violence.
An article in the journal science last
summer carried the headline EVI-
DENCE FOUND FOR A POSSIBLE
“AGGRESSION” GENE. Waiting in
the wings are child-testing programs,
drug manufacturers, insurance com-
panies, civil rights advocates, de-
fense attorneys and anxious citizens
for whom the violent criminal has
replaced the beady eyed communist
as the bogeyman. Crime thus joins
homosexuality, smoking, divorce,
schizophrenia, alcoholism, shyness,
political liberalism, intelligence, re-
ligiosity, cancer and blue eyes among
the many aspects of human life for
which it is claimed that biology (ge-
netics) is destiny. Physicist have
been pilloried for years for this kind
of reductionism, but in biology it
makes everybody happy: the scien-
tists and pharmaceutical companies
expand their domain; politicians
have “progress” to point to; the
smokers, divorcees and serial killers
get to blame their problem on biol-
ogy (genetics), and we get the satis-
faction of knowing they are sick - not
like us at all.”

A great study was done by Dr. Gerhard Schrauzer, professor and head of the department of chemistry at the University of California, San Diego relating the violent crime and hard drug use rate of Texas counties to the lithium level in the counties drinking water:

“Using data for 27 Texas counties from 1978-1987, it is shown that the incidence rates of suicide, homicide, and rape are significantly higher in counties whose drinking water supplies contain little or no lithium than in counties with water lithium levels ranging from 70 - 170 ug/L; the differences remain statistically significant ( p<0.01) after corrections for population density. The corresponding associations with the incidence rates of robbery, burglary, and theft were statistically significant with p< 0.05. These results suggest that lithium has moderating effects on suicidal and violent criminal behavior at levels that may be encountered in municipal water supplies. Comparisons of drinking water lithium levels in the respective Texas counties, with the incidence of arrests for possession of opium, cocaine and their derivatives (morphine, heroin, and codeine) from 1981 to 1986 also produced statistically significant inverse associations..”

We would like to see lithium placed in our community drinking water to help control crime instead of fluoride which has produced cancer in laboratory animals!!!

To be sure, some few juvenile killers are
literally “born to be bad,” true hopeless
psychotics because their mothers con-
sumed drugs or alcohol (Table 6-1) during
pregnancy and/or were deficient in one or

more of the essential nutrients; however,
most are not, and although most “Bad
Seeds” wind up with one psychological di-
agnostic label or another most have mild
behavior and/or learning disabilities
brought on by the fetal drug or alcohol syn-
drome or preconception, natal or postnatal
mineral deficiencies aggravated by high
sugar diets (it is also known that certain
food allergies, especially dairy can initiate
explosive sociopathic behavior).

Even though most juveniles who in an
explosive “Mr. Hyde” rage create mayhem
or kill are not permanently or seriously dis-
turbed, it is no surprise that most if not all
demonstrate some obviously deviant be-
havior for some time prior to their assault
or killing - most frequently antisocial be-
havior, drug abuse, fire setting, cruelty to
animals, truancy, running away from home,
bed wetting and pants wetting (long after
toilet training), night terrors (night mares)
and problems with getting along with age
peers. For more than 30 years, clinicians
and researchers of “child killers” have been
intrigued with the correlation between
enuresis (bed wetting) and juvenile killers.
In 1961 an article entitled, “Enuresis in
Murderous Aggressive Children and Ado-
lescents”, thus Dr. Joseph Michaels set the
theoretical stage for the professional inter-
est in the relationship.

Persistently enuretic individuals, Dr.
Michaels suggested, “Can not hold their
tensions, are impatient, and are impelled
to act. They feel the urgency of the moment
psychologically, as at an earlier date they
could not hold their urine.”

Our good friend Dr. Lendon Smith, the
famous pediatrician and nutrition expert
puts it another way:” Blood sugar is the fuel
by which the brain derives it's energy;

97

| Feeeeeés

Table 6-1
Physical defects associated with fetal alcohol syndrome

bnormality

Growth and performance
Prenatal growth deficiency
Postnatal growth deficiency
Microcephaly
Developmental delay or mental deficiency’
Fine motor dysfunction
Cranivfacial:
Shurt palpebral fissures
Midfacial hypoplasia
Epicanthic folds
Limb:
Abnormal palmar creases
Jvint anomalies (mostly minor)
Other
Cardiac defect (mostly septal defects)
External genital anomalies (minur)
as (mostly small, raised
strawherry angi
Ear anomalies (minor) wal

Duta taken from 41 pationts, including 11 whrse cases were previously report
1).or more blow the narmal fur aise; equivalent ty below the 2.5 percentile

G0 AWEAD,...
MAKE MY GRADES!

98

be
eRe

ee -

whether awake or asleep the brain functions
at a social level when it has plenty of fuel -
when the blood sugar drops below the criti-
cal level, as in hypoglycemia, the brain
ceases to function at a social level and will
react violently to confrontative situations
(night mares) and will not honor calls from
the bladder (bed wetting).The spinal cord
says to the brain,” hey our bladders full,
get up and go to the toilet!” - when the brain
has sufficient levels of fuel it responds by
saying, "hold on lets get up and go to the
bathroom’; if the blood sugar is low during
sleep (hypoglycemia) the brain will ignore
the spinal cords request to deal with a full
bladder, the spinal cord says,”To hell with
this” and allows the bladder to contract and
urinate in bed or in the pants during wak-
ing hours (The Exorcist).

While you are awake the brain low in fuel is very irritable, explosively reactive and can be very vicious because there are no longer any civilized social restraints which translates into Dr. Jekyll and Mr.Hyde explosive behavior, violence and today more frequently homicide.”Our combined experience tells us that Dr. Smith is on the right track. It is a sad fact that Science Diet dog food has 40 minerals in it, Purina rat pellets have 28 minerals and not one human infant formula has more than 12 minerals (chromium, vanadium and lithium are totally absent) - a dog's life may not be so bad.

Major-General Sir Robert McCarrison
was the personal physician to British King
George V. He was sent on a four year mis-
sion to the Gilgit Agency of Hunza in what
is now eastern Pakistan - to learn the rea-
sons for the legendary health and longev-
ity of the Hunza people. Part of his efforts
included feeding experiments of more than

1,200 laboratory rats:

“Rats that ate the diets of
Pathans and Sikhs increased their
body weight much faster and were
much healthier than those ingesting
the daily fares of neighboring
peoples such as the Kanarese or the
Bengalis. Even more extraordinary,
when his rats were fed the same diet
as that of the Hunzas, a diet limited
to locally produced grain, vegetables,
fruits, and unpasteurized goats milk
and butter, the rodents appeared to
McCarrison to be the healthiest ever
raised in his laboratory. They grew
rapidly, never seemed to be ill, mated
with endless enthusiasm, and had
healthy birth defect-free offspring.

Autopsies showed nothing what-
soever wrong with their organs.
Throughout their life times these rats
were gentle affectionate, and play-
ful. Other rats contracted precisely
the disease of the people whose di-
ets they were fed, and even seemed
to adopt certain of the human’s nas-
tier behavioral characteristics.

Illnesses revealed at autopsy in
rats fed the British diet filled a whole
page for each rat. All parts of the rats’
bodies - skin, hair, blood, ovaries,
and womb - and all their systems -
respiratory, urinary, digestive, ner-
vous, and cardiovascular - were af-
flicted. Many of the rats, snarling and
vicious (“Bad Seeds”), had to be kept
apart if they were not to tear each
other to bits!!!!”

We must point out that the highly min-
eralized Hunza have no jails or criminals

99

or drug related problems of any kind. Dis-
putes are usually over water rights or on
rare Occasion over a woman. Differences
are settled quickly by the tribal elders and
the worst punishment ever meted out is that
of banishment from the Hunza Valley -
what a difference minerals make!!!

Each of us can test ourselves or test
loved ones (Fig. 6-1) who have problems:
Have them draw their favorite animal be-
fore breakfast; then serve them a high sugar
breakfast (i.e.- Apple juice, grape juice,
boxed high sugar cereal, Pop Tart, muffin
with honey, etc.); have them repeat their
drawing at 30, 60, 90 and 120 minutes and
see what happens - if the drawings are es-
sentially similar there probably is little re-
lationship between the diet and the indi-
viduals behavior and manners (or lack of
them); however, if the character of the draw-
ings changes significantly then you know
exactly what to do.

Another useful tool for identifying a
“Bad Seed”) is coloring books - go back and
look at the consistency of neatness and
staying within the lines (Fig. 6-2), if it var-
ies widely you have identified the problem.
We recently went to a fast food restaurant
in Grand Rapids, Michigan where the man-
agement was displaying colored drawings
by children to raise money for some char-
ity -about 25 % of the drawings were
scribbled, wild and sinisterly colored with
very dark colors - they were the renderings
of obviously sugared out kids who were
minerally deficient !!!

A serious look at the “Bad Seeds”, mass
murderers and serial killers reveals that as
a group, they show startling evidence of
their problems (Fig. 6-3) as early as six or
seven years of age (very often becoming ar-
sonists, animal killers or even perpetrate

their first human murder at this time).

Perhaps the most recent horror story
was the two 10-year-olds (Robert Thomp-
son and Jon Venables) who kidnapped and
murdered two year old James Bulger. They
were video taped in a Liverpool shopping
mall bold as you please by an unmanned
security camera dragging their victim
screaming and kicking past no less than 32
witnesses on a 2.5-mile forced march to a
railway yard in their own neighborhood
where they finally bashed in his skull with
bricks, stones and a 20 pound metal rod
and then killed the child just to see some-
one die. After 18 days of court proceedings
in the industrial town of Preston, England
Crown Court Judge described the conduct
of the two "Bad Seeds" as "cunning and very
wicked." To Sgt. Phil Roberts of the
Liverpool police, "it was a case of a couple
of bad seeds, of inherent evil."

A three year old killed her 18 month old
cousin in an apparent “vengeance killing”
by drowning him in a bucket of mop water.
The courts argue whether or not a child of
three can in fact be charged with murder
(remember Rhoda from the bad seed).

Parental child abuse and spousal abuse
cases are rampant in America; the num-
bers and viciousness of the neglect and
physical attacks are escalating wildly. Shel-
ters for battered children and spouses are
springing up everywhere. Serial killers, cult
murders, mutilation and torture are com-
mon place headlines to the point that very
little stuns us any more.

The president of the United States and
our congressmen condemn the television
and the film industry for explicit and sug-
gestive violence that they feel is the root
cause of our “Bad Seeds.” Their view of
cause and effect is watch violence and copy

100

Fig. 6-1

A. Six year olds drawing of a giraffe before high sugar breakfast.

B. Same six year olds drawing of a giraffe one and a half hours after a high sugar breakfast.

Simple method for diagnosing ADD and ADHD associated with high sugar low Cr, V and Li diets.

101

Six weeks after starting low sugar diet and supplementation with Cr, Vand iii,

102

Fig. 6-3

“Geographic” tongue indicates deficiency of B vitamins and Zn.

“Allergic shiners” indicate food allergies (including sugar problems) and deficiencies of Cr, V and Li.

“Allergic shiners” and depression are common early signs of teenage troubles and the “Bad Seed” syndrome.

103

bg

Toddler’s murder perplexes Britons

By William E. Schmidt
The New York Times

PRESTON, England — A day after a jury
found two 11-year-old boys guilty of the ab-
duction and murder of a Liverpool toddler,
the police, politicians and psychiatrists
across Britain were pondering questions the
trial didn't answer: How is it that two other-
wise normal children could commit such a
barbaric crime?

At the end of 18 days of hearings in this
industrial town 25 miles northeast of Liver-
pool, even Crown Court Judge Michael More-
land wondered aloud at what went so terribly
wrong, describing the conduct of Robert
Thompson and Jon Venables — both 10 years
old at the time of the slaying in February —
as “cunning and very wicked.” He even sug-
gested that violent videos may have been in-
fluential.

For Britain, the sheer horror of the crime,
reinforced by grainy photographs from store
security cameras that chillingly captured the
boys’ abduction of 2-year-old James Bulger,
has continued to tug at the nation’s con-
science, stirring a mixture of revulsion, hor-
ror and fury, ;nd raising larger questions

Nation left wondering
cause of boys’ cruelty

SPECIAL
REPORT

about society's failure to protect and nurture
its children

Last February, people were haunted by the
thought that what happened to young James
could happen to their own children; now they
look at the two killers and wonder if they
could be their children, too. In a way, this
search to understand is part of a healing pro-
cess, what The Independent, a British news-
paper, yesterday called “a remedy for our
collective trauma.”

What makes the Bulger case so remark-
able, most agree, is the fact the crime was
not a single act of impulsive behavior but a
sustained ordeal that took place over a peri-
od of nearly three hours, from the time the
two boys lured little James from his moth-
er’s side at a Liverpool shopping mall, bul-

lied him on a 2.5-mile forced march across
town to their own neighborhood, and finally
bashed in his skull with bricks, stones and a
20-pound metal rod along a lonely stretch of
railroad track

The jury agreed with prosecutors that the
two boys were capable of knowing right from
wrong. But so far, there seems to be little
agreement on why the boys committed the
crime

To Sgt. Phil Roberts of the Liverpool po-
lice, it was a case of a couple of bad seeds, of
inherent evil.

“I believe human nature spurts out
freaks,” he said. “These two were freaks who
just found each other.” One of them, Robert,
was worse than the other, he said, but togeth-
er a deadly combination.

Others see the crime as a symptom of a
culture that enshrines violence. Already
members of Parliament are picking up on
Moreland’s offhand remark about films on
videotape — unsupported by any evidence in-
troduced during the trial — and are propos-
ing an official inquiry into the effects of vio-

Please see MURDER on 8A

104

Cana 3-Year-Old
Murder? Is a Court

The Place to Decide?

Girl, Now 12, Says She Killed
Her Cousin; Police, Trying
To Help, Charge a Felony

*

By Wenpy Bounps.
Staff Reporter of THE WALL STREET JOURNAL

CINCINNATI — Last Friday afternoon,
a 12-year-old girl entered the police station
here and confessed to drowning her infant
cousin in a bucket nearly a decade ago — a
death previously ruled accidental. The
cops were confounded.

Locking up the girl seemed ludicrous.
She was cooperative and hardly menacing,
with her foster mother and a social worker
by her side. Police took the child's state-
ment and then let her go, dropping her off
in a squad car. Says Sgt. Bob Disbennett:
“There's no way you can prosecute some-
one who was a three-year-old when they
committed a crime.”

Hamilton County prosecutors saw it
differently. When they heard of the case,
they began looking for a way to get her
whatever help the state might provide a
child with a troubled past. Their solution
was to have the police arrest her. Charge:
murder, first-degree felony.

And so the next day, the little girl with
the initials J.M. quietly returned to the
police station where she turned herself in
again for a crime she says she committed
but kept secret for more than nine years.

Rights and Responsibilities

This time J.M. was given the mght to
remain silent. Then she was given a ride to
the Juvenile Detention Center, where she
spent the night in custody, alone. J.M. was
sent home on Sunday and returned to the
detention center on Monday morning for a
hearing: she had no lawyer until that
morning. Sgt. Disbennett says the sixth-
grader “didn't ask for one.”

People involved in the case are wonder-
ing whether a three-year-old could have a
motive for murder, even an unconscious
one, and whether she could really remem-
ber such an act. They are wondering why a
foster parent would take a case like this to
the police, and why a legal system seeking
a compassionate response could end up
reading alittle girl her rights and bouncing
her from the station house to a detention
center to a court hearing.

“At the time the kid was charged, we
just wanted a vehicle to get her into the
system so she could get help,” says state
prosecutor Steve Martin. “This was some-
thing the system was not prepared to deal
with. There seemed to be no other way
when it was a Friday, and the courts had
closed and this child just confessed to mur-
der.

“We're not trying to lock her up,’ Mr.
Martin says, “but if she’s been carrying
this around eight or nine years, we need to
make sure she gets help.'”

“It's ridiculous,” says Terry Weber,
the girl's court-appointed attorney. “This
should be over by now.””

The case is in limbo at the moment; a
hearing has been postponed until March 10
so that J.M. can undergo court-ordered
psychiatric evaluation. Today the defense
will move to dismiss the charge.

“This is a significant trauma to her,”
says Mr. Weber, who first met his unsmil-
ing, hesitant client on Monday as she
dodged television crews. “It doesn't mat-
ter whether or not she did it — I don’t think
we'll ever know. It should have ended on
Monday.”"

The case actually revolves around two
deaths in the same dysfunctional family,
and how they may be linked in the clouded
memory of a girl, sexually molested and in
and out of foster care and therapy for most
of her life.

Born in 1981, J.M. never knew her

Please Turn to Page A6, Column 1

105

violence (monkey see - monkey do) by sus-
ceptible young minds— nothing is further
from the truth!!!

Our jails and mental hospitals are filled
with “Bad Seeds,” these sociopathic souls
are people, who in their mineral deficient
states have no human feelings of compas-
sion or respect of life - no conscience!!!!
Sociopaths who gain the most notoriety are
the mass murderers, serial killers and can-
nibals who technically differ from
psychotics who do antisocial acts at the bid-
ding of a third party, usually voices - God,
Satan, neighbors dog, etc. ( i.e.- “Son of
Sam”) - by contrast sociopaths appear nor-
mal to the casual observer except for the
lack of emotional attachments to other hu-
mans.

Another interesting observation is that
the cultures that are note worthy for good
physical health and longevity are also note
worthy for not having jails and prisons over-
flowing with hoards of sociopaths and
psychotics. Is it because they meditate, do
yoga, or because they are vegetarians? The
truth is so simple it eludes clever first world
societies who have given up their individual
control and responsibility for their health
to the medical and scientific community
who have promised to save them with high
technology.

The increase in the numbers and vio-
lent behavior of American sociopaths and
psychotics shows a direct connection with
the rapidly declining mineral content of our
soils and foods. Exhaustion of our
minerally “played out” land and the result-
ant mineral deficient high sugar foods are
unable to support us mentally or physically
are now producing hordes of “Bad Seeds.”

The most recent example of a total soci-
ety destroyed by “Bad Seeds” unearthed by

archaeologists is that of Easter Island, long
famous for the armies of mysterious stone
figures facing out to sea as if looking or
pleading for visitors to come save them or
to ward off unwanted attackers. It appears.
that this Island society of 10,000 people
self destructed after it totally deforested the
island and through neglect allowed a pre-
cipitous erosion of the top soil and farm
land down to bed rock. As the trees disap-
peared people reverted to the use of hu-
man and animal dung for fuel instead of
using the manure to rehabilitate the soil.

Easter Island was first inhabited in 500
A.D. and was in total environmental col-
lapse by 1500 A.D. Evidence of all out war-
fare appears on Easter Island about 1200
A.D. with anarchy and marauding bands
of mineral starved teenagers (“Bad Seeds”).
Cannibalism between warring clans (street
gangs) delivered the final blow to the Eas-
ter Island culture.

Throughout history it took 1,000 to
2,000 years to deplete the land in various
countries to the point of total cultural col-
lapse. In the United States intensive farm-
ing and the drive to feed the world has ac-
celerated the depletion process which un-
der our system of agriculture has taken only
250 years!!!

Early warnings of this mineral depletion
of our soil and subsequent affect on our
children are all around us, i.e.- they called
him the “Iron Man”, standing five foot ten
inches and weighing in at a beefy 240
pounds, Craig Price pleaded guilty to mass
murder. He told a Rhode Island judge that
he broke into two suburban homes during
the summer of 1987 and murdered four
neighbors ( two adult women and two little
girls ages eight and ten. The victims were
beaten and stabbed- one woman was

106

stabbed 58 times when Craig was in a Mr.
Hyde rage).

After hearing Craig Price’s plea, the
judge sentenced him to the stiffest sentence
allowed under Rhode Island law - five years
and 17 days!!

Craig Price, already on probation for
assault and burglary, committed one of the
murders when he was 13 and the other
three murders just weeks later when he was
14! Craig was just 17 days shy of his 16th
birthday when he confessed to all four
murders, he was to do his time in the Rhode
Island Training School and again be a free
“man” on October 1994. After Craig was
sentenced, he told a gang of his high school
“brothers” ,”"when I get out of here I’m go-
ing to smoke a bomber!! As the van pulled
away to the training school Craig waved a
victory sign and yelled, “Later Dudes.”

Not one of his friends or neighbors could
or would have predicted that Craig Chan-
dler Price would be a serial killer. Before
his arrest, Price was a popular high school
football star, nicknamed “Ironman” be-
cause of his size - five foot ten inches tall
and 240 pounds. “He was the boy next
door,” says Warwick, Rhode Island mayor
Lincoln Chaffe. “On one level, he’s a very
normal guy. In his private life, he’s stalk-
ing, planning, killing,” says police Captain
Kevin Collins.

Price in fact had hid his violent side -
he still does. Price has refused therapy,
knowing it could get him confined to a men-
tal hospital for life.

On October 11,1994 Price will walk out
of the training school and go free on his
21st birthday. “He’s a serial killer who was
temporarily stopped by his incarceration,”
says Captain Collins, who witnessed Price’s
grisly confession. “He just loves to kill.

There’s no doubt that he’s going to kill
again.” To understand just how dangerous
Price is, when it was announced that he
was going to be released his parents packed
up and left town.

“There's no way to protect society on his
release,” says Collins, “people ask me what
they should do if he moves to their neigh-
borhood. | tell them to move!”

“The juvenile justice system was devel-
oped decades ago for a different type of
criminal - when delinquency meant steal-
ing hubcaps,” says Claire Johnson, at the
Institute for Law and Justice.

“Something just snapped inside, or
maybe he just had a mean streak.” That is
how the local police chief of a small Texas
town saw 16 year old Timothy Dwaine
Brown. Timothy, who had been expelled
from high school for threatening another
student with a switch blade knife, beat his
11 year old brother to death with a base-
ball bat and then shot and killed his grand-
mother and stepfather with his deer rifle.

Timothy's parents had refused to let him
see or call his girl friend - when his younger
brother caught him on the phone with the
girl and tattled, Timothy became enraged
and became a “Mr. Hyde.”

Each year, 1,000 to 1,500 American kids
under the age of 18 kill friends or relatives.
A few of the killings are out of greed, lust or
revenge, but the overwhelming majority are
murders involving impulsive rage and an
exaggerated response to perceived provo-
cation by the victim or still in many cases
totally senseless.

Americans under the age of 18 make up
25 % of the total population and they are
responsible for 11 % of the killings - about
half of the adult rate. Although kids who
kill are not mentally retarded, “a dispropor-

107

THE

LOSTON GLOBE

Violent crime up,
China reports

EIJING - Violent crime is on

the rise in China, and Chinese
are feeling increasingly unsafe, the
nation’s top prosecutor told the leg-
islature yesterday. The annual re-
port by Procurator General Zhang
Siqing and a companion report by
*hina’s top judge, Ren Jianxing,
provided few details. The reports
said 574,176 people were charged
With criminal offenses last year,
451,920 of whom were tried and sen-
tenced. Neither report gave percent-

age Increases or comparative figures
for the previous year. They were

fiv reviews and did not provide
2 figures. China never has di-
vulged many details about crime, but
an official newspaper report in De-
cember quoted Ren as telling a
meeting of judicial officials that vio~
lent crime was up 17.5 pereent in the
first 10 months of 1993. (AP)

ve

USA TODAY : MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1994
aoe

MUTILATION TRIAL: Lawyers for two teen-agers
charged in the sexual mutilation-murder of three 8-year-old
boys near West Memphis, Ark., last May say the conviction
Friday of a co-defendant could make it difficult to pick an
impartial jury. Charles Jason Baldwin, 16, of Marion, and
Damien Wayne Echols, 19, of West Memphis go on trial
Feb. 22 in Jonesboro. Jessie Misskelley Jr., 18, was sen-
tenced Friday to life in prison after a jury in Corning con-
victed him of murder in the three slayings.

Teen-Ager Is Guilty
In Slaying of 3 Boys
Inan Arkansas City

CORNING, Ark., Feb. 4 (AP) — A
teen-ager was convicted today in the
slayings of three 8-year-old boys from
West Memphis, Ark. He was spared the
death penalty by a jury that rejected
the most serious charge, capital mur-
der.

The teen-ager, Jessie Lloyd Misskel-
ley Jr., 18, was found guiity of first-
degree murder in the death of a boy
whom he had admitted chasing down.
He was convicted of second-degree
murder in the deaths of the other two
boys.

Late this afternoon, Judge David
Burnett of Circuit Court sentenced Mr.
Misskelley to life and 40-year sen-
tences to run consecutively, virtually
insuring that he will spend all his life in
prison. The first-degree murder con-
viction carried a maximum penalty of
life in prison. The second-degree mur-
ders carried a maximum penalty of 20
years each.

Two other defendants are to be tried
later.

The victims, Steve Branch, Chris
Byers and Michael Moore, all second-
graders, disappeared from their West
Memphis neighborhood on May 5.
Their bodies, nude, battered and hog-
tied, were found the next day.

Mr. Misskelley told the police in two
tape-recorded interviews that he had
watched as his two friends beat the
boys, raped two of them and castrated
one. The prosecution said the slayings
might have been part of a Satanic
ritual.

The case was tried in Clay County
Circuit Court in this Northeast Arkan-
sas town about 100 miles from West
Memphis after Mr. Misskelley’s court-
appointed lawyer requested a change
of venue.

The two other defendants are Da-
mien Echols, 19, and Charles Jason
Baldwin, 16.

108

».F. losing
yattle on
uvenile

rimes

Friday, February 11, 1994

N FRANCISCO EXAMINER

S.F. JUVENILE CRI

The civil grand jury's report on the
state of the juvenile justice system
in San Francisco offered a chilling
‘snapshot of crime committed by
children. Among the findings:

> OF 48,000 youths under 18 in
The City, 3,600 — or 7.5 percent
— were cited or arrested during
the 12 months ending July 1993.

> HALF OF ALL crimes commit-
ted in San Francisco and one in
five murders are committed by
someone under 18. Although the
homicide rate dropped 50 percent
between 1991 end 1993, it wes
three times greater in 1991 than it
was in 1988.

» ARRESTS FOR gun possession
tose 47 percent between 1992
and 1993; robberies increased 137
percent from 1988 to 1993.

> NEARLY HALF of all juvenile
crimes are violent,

> HALF OF the serious crimes
committed by juveniles occur on
Muni,

> THREE OUT OF FOUR young
ottenders are habitually truant
from school.

> THE MAJORITY of crimes
against the elderly are committed
by juveniles.

Civil grand jury
says The City
should focus on

core of serious
repeat offenders
By Larry D. Hatfield

(OF THE EXAMINER STAFF

Though half of all San Francis-
co crimes are committed by people
under 18, The City is failing to
adequately fight increasing juve-
nile crime because too many agen-
cies are involved with competing,
poorly coordinated and often con-
tradictory programs, the civil
grand jury said Thursday.

Throwing still more money and
manpower at the problems is not
the answer, the grand jury said ina
17-page report.

Instead, a better-coordinated
system should focus on the hard
core of serious repeat offenders —
fewer than 300 juveniles who com-
mit as much as 80 percent of seri-
ous juvenile crimes — and develop
early detection and intervention
programs for high-risk youths and
their families.

Noting that The City already
spends $43 million on its juvenile
justice efforts without stemming
the tide of youth crimes, the grand
jury said, “The central problem is
that a divisive and fractionated de-
livery system ... is preventing our
most troubled families and their
children from receiving the health,
education, social and police ser-
vices they desperately need.

“Moving from an institutional-
ized system such as reform schools
to a more community-based sys-
tem such as group homes has had
little impact on rehabilitation or
prevention,” the grand jury report
continued. “A lack of coordination
in the services offered has generally

[See GRAND JURY, A-14)

109

LOS ANGELES TIMES

FRIDAY, MARCH 4, 1994

SAN FERNANDO VALLEY

No Drugs Found in Body of
Youth After Fatal Rampage

Troubled teen-ager Christopher Golly
was not under the influence of drugs or
alcohol when he shot his father to death
and then ambushed Los Angeles police
with a military-style rifle, killing rookie
Officer Christy Lynne Hamilton, the
county’s top medical examiner said
Thursday.

Golly killed his father, called police to
his Northridge home by calling 911 to
report the slaying, and then opened fire
on them before ultimately killing himself
early Feb. 22.

After Golly’s suicide, there was wide-
spread speculation among friends and
classmates that the youth’s rampage was
the result of his use of methampheta-
mine, a drug that can cause users to
become violent and temperamental.

But Los Angeles County’s chief medi-
cal examiner-coroner, Dr. Lakshmanan
Sathyavagiswaran, said blood tests indi-
cated that the 17-year-old had no alco-
hol or drugs of any kind in his system—
not even residual levels—on the day of
the shootings.

TUESDAY, resruary 1, 1994

‘Teen-ag

ers’

drug use Is on
the upswing

By Mike Snider
USA TODAY

After more than a decade of
decline, drug use among teen-
agers now appears to be on the
rise, a new study shows.

The latest survey of students
in the eighth, 10th and 12th
grades suggests that more are
experimenting with marijuana,
stimulants and LSD. Cigarette
smoking also is increasing
among all grades.

Overall, fewer students dis-
approve of drugs or consider
them risky. More students also
say they know how to get drugs
if they want them.

To keep tabs on use of drugs
among the USA’s youth, Uni-
versity of Michigan research-
ers have surveyed students
each year since 1975 for the
National Institute on Drug
Abuse. Last year, about 40,000
students in more than 400
schools were surveyed.

Their most recent responses
should be heeded as “an early
warning signal that this prob-
lem is not behind us,” says re-
searcher Lloyd Johnston.

Other survey findings:

> Drugs. About one-third of
12th-graders have used an illic-
it drug sometime in their lives.

> Alcohol. Drinking rates
remained stable. Among 12th-
graders, 63% have been drunk
at least once and 29% have had
five or more drinks in a row in
the past month.

» Cigarettes, Half-a-pack-
daily smokers range from 4%
in eighth grade to 11% in 12th

Inhalants are
A .
a growing risk

Some of the most popular
drugs among teen-agers —
inhalants — may be found
in the supermarket.

The number who sniff
glues, solvents, gases, fin-
gernail polish and aerosols
may be headed toward an
all-time high.

Only once since 1975,
when a national high school
drug-use survey began, has
inhalant use been higher. In
1986, 20% of 12th-graders
said they'd used an inhalant
at some time. Last year,
199% of eighth-graders had.

Adults may overlook in-
halants and kids “don’t real-
ize how dangerous” these
products are, says Mathea
Falco, president of Drug
Strategies, a Washington,
D.C.based group monitor-
ing anti-drug efforts. “They
can be instantly lethal,” she
says, adding that a Mary-
land teen died last fall after
she inhaled propane gas
from an outdoor grill.

grade.

Drug czar Lee P. Brown
says Clinton administration of-
ficials and advisers will soon
discuss law enforcement, pre-
ventive and treatment pro-
grams to prevent “a new cycle
of drug use and dependency.”

1 TT TE TTS

110

Illicit Drug Use Rises
Among U.S. Teenagers
Survey Shows Reversal of Trend

By Pierre Thomas
Washington Post Staff Writer

Illicit drug use among American teenagers has in-
creased in the last two years, reversing a trend of gen-
erally declining use that began in the late 1970s and the
early 1980s, according to a long-term study by the Uni-
versity of Michigan’s Institute for Social Research.

More teenagers are using marijuana, LSD, inhalants
and stimulants, the survey of 51,000 students found.
The report, conducted for the National Institute on
Drug Abuse, also revealed a rise in cigarette use, but
found that cocaine use, both in powder and crack form,
held steady at low levels and alcohol use generally de-
clined.

“These are disturbing findings,” said Lloyd Johnston,
a researcher on the survey, but he noted that the num-
bers still are below the levels of the 1970s. “It's an ear-
ly warning to all sectors of society that the improve-
ments of the last decade can’t be taken for granted.
Each generation of American youth is naive about drugs
and has to learn the same hard lessons.”

Some specialists say that surveys about drugs, par-
ticularly those involving young people, may be skewed
because of the reluctance of some participants to tell
the truth about illegal activity and the desire among
others to brag. However, the University of Michigan

Child abuse deaths on the rise

Experts say that 42% of the children who die suffered at
the hands of repeat offenders:
1,299

Estimated

813

“LL |
85 86 «87 «88 «89-90 91 "92 93
‘Source: National Committee for Prevention of Child Abuse annual 50-stale survey

Mustration and graphic by Sam Ward, USA TODAY

Lifestyles
fuel crisis in
health care

By Nanci Hellmich
USA TODAY

Many of us could do our part
to help solve the national
health-care crisis if we led
healthier lives.

Astudy released Monday by
the American Medical Associa-
tion shows at least $1 out of ev-
ery $4 Americans spend on
health care each year goes to
treat conditions that result
from alcohol abuse, drug use,
smoking, street and domestic
violence and other potentially
changeable behaviors.

Of the nation’s $546 billion
health-care bill in 1988, more
than $171 billion went toward
treatment for these types of
problems, says Dr. Daniel
Johnson Jr., an AMA officer.

“Every person can make a
difference ... by adapting a
healthier lifestyle — getting
proper exercise and nutrition,
not using tobacco, not abusing
alcohol and fastening our seat
belts,” he says.

The insurance system dis-
courages patients from making
cost-cutting decisions and insu-
lates them from the true price
of health care, he says.

Other costly factors: Not us-
ing smoke detectors, failure to
get checkups that could uncov-
er treatable conditions, engag-
ing in dangerous recreational
activities and having unpro-
tected sex.

111

tionate number” have learning difficulties
and have large numbers of behavioral and
academic problems before they kill.

In a study by Dr. Dorothy Lewis on 14
kids on death row for murder only one was
listed as mentally retarded and two had
normal IQ _, 10 had reading levels at their
age for grade level and three never learned
how to read until they were on death row.
In addition, many other studies on juve-
nile killers show no neurological
disfunction; many had alcoholic parents
(fetal alcohol syndrome) or were them-
selves alcoholics (pica). A great deal of
learned literature has been devoted to the
“triad of enuresis, fire setting and cruelty
to animals’ - a collection of behaviors re-
corded in children who will later become
violent teens and adults.

In one study of 72 kids who killed, Dr.
Dewey Cornell discovered that 23 killed
strangers, 34 killed aquaintences or friends
and 15 killed family members. Kids kill in
very inhumane ways with ropes, clubs,
knives, cleavers, bare hands, bricks and 33
per 100 killings by kids are perpetrated with
guns.

Guns used in juvenile killings are used
in lower percentages in the younger age
groups and increase in percentage with in-
creasing age of the killer. Also, according
to the FBI files the rate of murder by juve-
niles while involved in other crimes is re-
lated to age (hormones are again involved
here).

Robbery, theft by force or the threat of
force is the theft crime most likely to result
in a killing and again the rate is directly re-
lated to age. When the thief was 12 to 13
fewer than two robberies out of a 1,000 re-
sulted in a homicide; at age 14 the rate is
2.8 killings per 1,000 robberies; at age 15

the rate was 4 killings per 1,000 robberies;
by 16 to 17 the rate was 6 killings per 1000
robberies; and by 19 the rate of murder was
14 killings per 1,000 robberies!!!

At 3:30 a.m. on june 25, 1988, the day
he was to deliver his class valedictorian
speech at his high school graduation in
Niagra Falls, N.Y. 17 year old William
Shrubsall beat his mother to death with a
baseball bat. First in his high school class
all four years out of 250 students, William
had been accepted to one of Americas top
universities with a full scholarship.

On the night of February 18, 1988, 16
year old David Brown invited a friend to go
with him in the family van from Minnesota
to Florida; when she asked what his par-
ents would think, he told her,” They won't
be around to oppose it.” That very night
David used an axe to kill his mother, fa-
ther, brother and sister!!!

Wesley Underwood, a 15 year old Texas
boy, shot his mother three times in the back
after they argued about whether or not he
had hidden her knitting needles. Wesley
was drinking wiskey and sniffing gasoline
(pica) just before the murder.

A 15 year old Colorado boy and his 14
year old friend were charged with robbing,
beating and stabbing to death the 15 year
olds mother. The boy publically got along
with his mother but was known to be an
explosively aggressive bully. A friend of the
boys said the killing was motivated by
“boredom, all we want is somewhere to go.”

A 15 year old girl from the suburbs of
New York stabbed her mother to death af-
ter the mother made a comment about the
girls poor grades.

Ginger Turnmire was 15 years old when
she shot and killed her mother and father
on April 26, 1986 - they were returning from

112

eeeeeeeee |

weReeeD

se

we

a church picnic in rural Tennesse. After the
murders, Ginger drove to the local mall
where she bragged to her friends about what
she had done.

At Ginger’s pre trial hearing she chewed
gum and winked at her friends. Prior to the
killings Ginger was being treated for severe
behavioral problems, had previously at-
tempted suicide, was suspended from
school for disruptive behavior and was ad-
dicted to drugs.

John Justice was 17 years old, a high
school honor student in a suburban Buf-
falo school - on September 16, 1985 he
killed his mother, brother and father by
stabbing - he then killed his neighbor when
he tried to commit suicide by ramming their
car with his (after cutting his own wrists with
a razor blade). When the police arrived to
deal with the car accident, John told the
police, “check #308 Mang, I killed them
all.” The killings were precipitated by the
parents refusal to agree to pay for his col-
lege tuition!

On New Years Day 1987, in Washing-
ton State, 16 year old Sean Stevenson shot
and killed both his parents and then raped
and killed his 18 year old sister. The mur-
ders followed an argument over whether
Sean could go to a party.

On September 8, 1984 in a suburb of
Rochester, New York, 15 year old Patrick
DeGelleke set his adoptive parent's home
on fire. His mother died in the fire and his
father died 11 days later from injuries of
the fire. For several years before the kill-
ings Patrick had been in counseling for
“emotional problems.” At school he could
not concentrate and day dreamt and stared
into space a lot; generally quiet at home he
would sometimes “erupt into violent uncon-
trollable temper tantrums.” Patrick had a

history of skipping school and petty theft,
when his parents petitioned the court to in-
stitutionalize him he went into a rage and
set the fire.

On April 2, 1984, 14 year old Michael
Smalley kidnapped a five year old girl in
Ohio and slashed her throat. The girl's body
was found in the attic of the families rented
home. Michael was convicted of kidnaping
and murder and sentenced to one year in
the facility operated by the Department of
Youth Services. Three and a half years lat-
ter Michael, now aged 17 years shot and
killed his 15 year old sister on September
20, 1987. He was found guilty and sen-
tenced to life in prison.

In 1987 Nicholas Elliott's mother en-
rolled him in a private Christian academy
so that he would “overcome his shyness
and learning problems.” Nicholas, one of
22 black students in a school population
of 500 white students was picked on and
racially taunted by the white students.

On December 16, 1988, 16 year old
Nicholas arrived at school with a semi-
automatic handgun and 200 rounds of am-
munition. He entered his class room in Vir-
ginia Beach, Virginia and started shooting,
killing one teacher and seriously wound-
ing another. Nicholas was an “isolated pres-
sure cooker who exploded in (a Mr. Hyde)
rage when tormented.”

In April of 1985, nine year old Britt
Kellum argued with his 11 year old brother
before killing him with a 16 gauge shot-
gun. Britt's mother was found guilty of ne-
glect, and custody of Britt and his two sur-
viving brothers was awarded to their father.
After four years of psychotherapy, Britt was
charged with shooting his six year old
brother to death. Britt who couldn’t be tried
as an adult was ordered “locked up pend-

113

eee

ing further proceedings.” If he was charged
with murder his maximum sentence would
be until he was 21 years old.

On March 6, 1989, Jessica Carr, a seven
year old first grader from Pennsylvania was
shot and killed while riding on the back of
a snowmobile. The killing shot (dead cen-
ter through the upper spine) was fired by a
nine year old boy who said he was
just,”playing hunter” with his dads .35 cali-
ber hunting rifle fitted with a scope. The
boy, an honor student and cub scout went
to his parents bedroom, found the key to
the gun cabinet and removed and loaded
the rifle. After killing the girl with the shot
through the back, he removed the empty
cartridge from the rifle's chamber and hid
it, then he replaced the gun in the cabinet,
locked the cabinet and replaced the key in
its hiding place.

The boy claimed he accidently fired the
gun, but because the girl was hit “dead cen-
ter” law enforcement forensic experts testi-
fied the shooting was a deliberate act in
retaliation to the girls bragging that she was
better than the boy at Nintendo!!! A ballis-
tics expert also testified that that particular
rifle could not be fired accidently unless
struck by a stout blow directly to the ham-
mer causing it to strike the firing pin.

Because of the overwhelming evidence
and citing the boys stability, academic
achievement, and the deliberate act of the
murder the judge ordered the boy to stand
trial as an adult - he will be the youngest
person in America to be tried for murder in
the 20th century.

Dr. Kay Tooley in her paper, The Small
Assassins: Clinical Notes on a Subgroup of
Murderous Children,” she describes two six
year olds who repeatedly try to kill their sib-
lings. “Mary” set fire to her younger brother

and tried to pour liquid bleach down the
throat of her baby half-sister; “Jay” set fire
to his sisters dress and later tried to drown
her by holding her face under water at a
swimming pool - classic “Bad Seeds.” Mayo
Clinics Dr. William Easson reported an
eight year old who like Dr. Tooley’s “small
assassins” made numerous attempts at
“murderous assaults” on a younger brother
- he first choked him with his hands until
the younger brother was “blue in the face;”
next he tried to strangle the same brother
with a belt; finally he was caught trying to
drown his brother in a bath tub!!!

Doctors Theodore Pettiman and
Leonard Davidman described nine “homi-
cidal school age (6 - 11) children, seven of
whom either had killed or tried to kill one
or more of their siblings. Seven of these
children had been under treatment for de-
pression and three were classed as “border-
line psychotics.”

When these “Bad Seeds” grow up to be
adults in addition to joining a high risk
crime pattern group including assault and
murder some of these kids will become
quiet serial killers or explode and become
mass murderers!!

Adult mass murderers have identical
sociopathic backgrounds and histories of
“explosive rages” - they have histories of
fire setting, cruelty to animals and other
children, bed-wetting, pants-wetting and
nightmares. All of the early warning signs
of the mass murderer are classic symptoms
of chromium and vanadium deficiency
(hypoglycemia), copper deficiency or a
lithium deficiency aggravated by a high
sugar diet.

Almost all mass murderers have a his-
tory of depression (hypoglycemia - chro-
mium and vanadium deficiency and/ or a

114

copper or lithium deficiency), spouse abuse,
child abuse (lithium deficiency) and pica
behavior of some kind ( smoking, alcohol,
drugs, addictions to candy, chocolate and
soft drinks, etc).

“Mass” murderer is a descriptive term
for a single killer who kills many victims in
a short period of time. In 1977, Fred Cowan,
a Nazi sympathizer took pistols and rifles
to his work place where he killed four Jew-
ish and black employees and a black pass-
erby before killing himself. In December of
1989 a man wearing a camouflage uniform
entered a classroom in Montreal and killed
14 women and wounded 12 before killing
himself.

With “Spree Murderers”, multiple kill-
ings take place over hours or days. In Au-
gust 1987, Michael Ryan, carrying a
Kalashnikov automatic rifle stalked the
normally quiet English town of Hungerford
leaving 17 dead (including his mother) and
14 wounded before killing himself.

The Killeen, Texas Luby’s Cafeteria on
U.S. Highway 190 was very busy during the
week day lunch hour, especially on
Wednesday October 16, 1991 - a long line
of hungry customers filed through the serv-
ing line and many others were already
seated and chatting and eating their meals.
“A pleasant murmur of voices, punctuated
by the clatter of silverware, enveloped the
dining room.” This particular cafeteria was
normally frequented by senior citizens, but
that days patrons included a mix of busi-
nessmen and professionals of all age
groups, secretaries, service trade workers,
store clerks, military personnel and school
administrators and teachers.

At 12:40 p.m. a 1987 blue Ford Ranger
lurched into the parking lot, turned around
at the front of the building and screamed

towards the large plate glass window to the
right of the front door. To witnesses in the
parking lot the driver appeared to have been
“stricken ill” or looked as if “the truck was
out of control.”

Shattering the plate glass, the pickup
jumped through the front of the building
and rammed into several tables and their
occupants before coming to a stop. Those
who could were running away from the
wreckage. Some were pinned under the
truck and shattered tables. The driver, wear-
ing sun glasses and waving a hand gun
jumped from the truck shouting “this is
what Belton did to me!”

The truck's driver aimed his pistol at a
patron trying to pull himself out of the
wreckage and killed him; he then turned
and randomly yet with cool composure be-
gan to shoot the stunned diners. He at-
tempted to kill every man, woman and
child.

A public works employee called the po-
lice after pulling into the Luby’s parking lot
for lunch. The small town of Killeen in cen-
tral Texas is known to millions of Ameri-
cans because of its location near Fort Hood,
the U.S. Army’s largest military land instal-
lation.

To those hiding behind overturned
tables, the killer's shouts were those of a
“mad man” - he walked forward and killed
“at leisure” pausing only to reload a new
clip. One of his first victims was Olgica Tay-
lor, who was having lunch with her daugh-
ter and four year-old granddaughter. The
killer shot Mrs. Taylor twice and then aimed
at the daughter - hesitating he said, “ you
get that baby and get out of here! Run and
hide outside and tell everybody Bell County
was bad!” His shots killed one for one and
were just about three seconds apart.

115

Among those killed were an Army Lt.
Colonial, a veterinarian and most of the
county school administrators - from the vic-
tims body count the killer was obviously
concentrating on killing women. Forty six
people were shot, 23 killed (15 women and
8 men).

Within one minute of the first call the
Killeen police arrived; as they entered the
debris cluttered cafeteria they spotted the
gunman - the killer shot at the police offic-
ers who then fired back. In trading shots
four police bullets struck the killer- the
mortally wounded mass murderer put his
own gun to his head and killed himself.

The killer was identified as 35 year old
George Hennard of Belton, Texas - a small
town only 15 miles from Killeen. He had
been permanently banned from his mer-
chant marine status after being caught with
drugs aboard ship. Hennard’s neighbors de-
scribed him as “sullen, rude and frequently
terrifying.” Hennard’s shipmates called him
a “loner who found trouble wherever he
turned, a man who constantly paced back
and forth and a man with a volatile temper
that could be ignited over nothing.”

The Hennard mass killing was almost a
repeat of the August 1966 Austin, Texas
mass killing by Charles Whittman from the
230 foot high bell tower on the Texas Uni-
versity Campus - he fired down on people
on the ground for several hours before he
was Killed by police. The toll in Austin, only
50 miles south of Killeen, had been 16 dead
and 32 wounded (this is an example of a
county with a lithium deficient water sup-
ply!).

On July 18, 1984 James Oliver Huberty,
41 years old, killed 21 people and wounded
4 ata McDonald's restaurant in San Ysidro,
California using automatic rifles and pis-

tols - he killed men, women and children
as they arrived by car and bikes for Big
Macs and fries. He was finally killed by a
shot through the heart by a police sharp-
shooter.

As a child Huberty had to wear leg
braces to correct severe leg deformities (cal-
cium and magnesium deficiencies).
Huberty, according to his wife would go into
violent rages over the least provocation and
was on police blotters as having been
abussive to his wife and kids.

One year before the McDonald's killings
Huberty was laid off, lost his house and car
to the bank. Money pressures had built up
to the “melt down” levels just before the
rampage. It is not a great surprise that
Huberty had been in McDonald's earlier
that day for a large Coke (no chromium, no
vanadium, no lithium, no copper, too much
sugar - no wonder!!!!!!).

Chou Muy Aing, a 17 year old Cambo-
dian refugee, got off of the Portland, Oregon
school bus on December 14,1987 and
picked up her two young cousins (seven
and six) from their baby sitter at 3:40 p.m.
and headed for home. After a short walk
they arrived home at 4:00 p.m., the Aing
children plugged in the Christmas tree lights
and turned on the T.V. Then the attacker
appeared from behind the couch and bur-
ied a meat clever in each of the three
childrens heads and then stabbed each
numerous times with a large butcher knife
obtained from the kitchen.

The horribly hacked bodies were discov-
ered by an aunt - when police arrived at
the Aing home their bodies were still warm.

Detectives found out that the Aing
children's 17 year old cousin Narin Aing
was staying at an American friend's house
because of family disagreements. Narin

——

worked part time to pay room and board,
Narin was a very good student. As the de-
tectives questioned him he began to relate
details of the crime scene that only the killer
could know - he was in his uncle's house
eating rice without permission when his
victims surprised him - he confessed to the
murders.

On October 18,1988 Narin was found
on the floor of his cell dying of a suicidal
overdose of drugs. Narin's favorite past time
prior to the killings was to stop after school
and drink colas with his friends; he was
being treated for depression (chromium,
vanadium, copper and lithium supplements
and a sugar free diet would have prevented
Aings problems).

Our nations 750,000 postal workers live
on coffee and doughnuts, most smoke and
very few supplement with vitamins or min-
erals so its no surprise that they are a col-
lection of “time bombs” waiting to go off.

On November 14, 1991 in the 1,000
employee Royal Oak Post Office (a suburb
of Detroit) a mass killing took place. At 8:50
a.m. a man pulled a sawed off shotgun out
from under his coat and started firing. He
shot three employees on the loading dock,
as he walked inside he shot three more leav-
ing four dead and six wounded, then after
emptying his rifle he shot himself dead. The
shooter was identified as 31 year old Tho-
mas Mcllvane. Fellow workers described
Mcllvane as a “crazy walking time bomb” -
as a marine he had driven a tank over the
car belonging to another marine who had
argued with him.

On October 10, 1991 a fired postal em-
ployee shot and killed his former postal
supervisor and her boyfriend in Wayne,
New Jersey - he then went to the Ridgewood
Post Office and killed two mail handlers

after a 4 and one half hour stand off, he
surrendered.

On August 10, 1989 postal worker John
Merlin Taylor of Escondido, California shot
his wife dead in their home - he then drove
to his postal branch in Orange Glenn where
he killed two fellow workers, injured a third
then killed himself.

On December 14, 1988 a postal worker
in New Orleans wounded three postal work-
ers and held his girlfriend hostage for more
than 13 hours before surrendering.

The bloodiest massacre in postal history
was recorded in August 20, 1986 in
Edmond, Oklahoma when Patrick Henry
Sherill, a part time postal worker killed 14
fellow workers before killing himself.

Although work pressure and the de-
mands of the postal system have been given
as the reason for these violent outbursts the
truth is their eating habits (or lack of them)
and failure to supplement with vitamins and
minerals almost promise violent tempers
and murderous outbursts. What they really
need are sugar-free diets and supplements
with chromium, vanadium, copper and
lithium.

Probably the most notorious postal
worker turned killer was David Berkowitz
(“Son of Sam”) classed as a psychotic killer
because of his claims that “voices” from a
third party (in Berkowitz’s case his -
neighbor's dog!) instructed him to kill. His
killing began in 1976 on July 29 he shot
and killed Donna Lauria and wounded her
friend with a .44 magnum he carried in a
brown paper bag as they sat in a car talk-
ing.
On October 23,1976 Carl Denaro and
Rosemary Keenan were wounded in their
car as they “necked” outside a bar in
Queens, N.Y.; on November 27, 1976

117

FLORIDA TODAY, Friday, May 7, 1993

| sexeeeeso

2 die in post office shootings

New York Times

LOS ANGELES — Two people
were killed and four others
wounded in separate shootings
Thursday at post offices in Califor-
nia and Michigan. Disgruntled
postal employees were blamed in
both cases.

In Dana Point, Calif, 50 miles
southeast of downtown Los Ang-
eles, a postal worker who had
been dismissed several months
ago walked into a small post
office and opened fire, killing a
letter carrier, wounding a clerk
and sending customers fleeing
into the street, officials said,

The gunman was being sought
by the police after fleeing in a
blue pickup truck with a kayak on
the roof.

Shortly afterward, a woman
thought to be the gunman's moth-
er was found dead in a house in
nearby Corona del Mar. Just a few
hours earlier in Dearborn, Mich.,
a postal worker who had been
passed over for a job promotion
shot three people, killing one, in a
post office garage. He later was
found dead of an apparently self-
inflicted gunshot wound.

The shootings revived ques-
tions about security at post offices
and about employment conditions
in the Postal Service. There have
been a series of shootings in post
offices in recent years involving
postal workers.

The worst of these came Aug
20, 1986, in Edmond, Okla., where
a part-time letter carrier killed 14
people before taking his own lite

In Washington on Thursday,
the postmaster general, Marvin
Runyon, issued a statement say-

aT 4 |

FBI SWAT team members prepare to move into
the Dearborn, Mich., post office Thursday to

ing the Postal Service would offer
counseling to employees at both
post offices.

There is enough concern with-
in the Postal Service about shoot-
ings that the service has set up a
task force to address the issue,
said Roy Betts, spokesman for the
Postal Service.

In the California shooting,
authorities identified the gunman
as Mark Richard Hilbun, 39, a
postal employee who was dismiss-
ed several months ago,

In the Dearborn shooting, the
police identified the gunman as
Larry Jason, 45.

~

AP

search for the gunman who fired several shots,
killing one person and wounding two others

Te Stoang CANADA

100 miles MICH. ~|

FLORIDA TOOAY—AP

118

Fd

Donna De Massi and Joanne Lomino were
shot and wounded while sitting on steps
outside a house in Queens. All were killed
or wounded with the same .44 caliber Bull-
dog causing Berkowitz to be initially called
the “.44 killer.”

On January 30, 1977 John Diel and
Christine Freund were shot in their car in
Queens - Christine was killed.

March 8,1977 17 year old Virginia
Vaskerickian was shot and killed and on
April 14. Valentina Suriani and Alexander
Esau were shot and killed in their car in
the Bronx.

Letters from the “.44” killer started ar-
riving - the first found in a victims car ad-
dressed to the New York police depeartment
stated:

“Dear Captain Joseph Barelli,

I am deeply hurt by your calling me a
woman-hater, I am not. But I am a mon-
ster.”

A letter adressed to columnist Jimmy
Breslin of The New York Daily News:

“Dear Mr. Breslin,

Not knowing what the future holds
I shall say farewell and I will see you
at the next job? Or should I say you
will see my handiwork at the next
job? Remember Ms. Lauria. In their
blood and from the gutter, “Sam's
Creation .44.”

Now the Daily News called Berkowitz
the “Son of Sam.” Not since “Jack the Rip-
per” had a series of killings in a large city
had such an affect of mass hysteria as did
Berkowitz’s handiwork. On June 26,1977
Salvatore Lupo and Judith Plarido were

wounded while they sat in their car.

On July 31, 1977 Stacy Moskowitz was
shot to death and Robert Violante was
blinded by a shot to the head as they sat
talking.

Berkowitz’s mistake came when he
parked in front of a fire hydrant on the night
of his last killing and the car was ticketed.
A witness saw him throw away the ticket.
When police found Berkowitz’s car it had a
loaded .44 Bulldog on the front seat! When
the police caught Berkowitz they asked him
who he was and he replied, “I am Sam.”

Berkowitz was a 24 year old postal
worker and a part-time auxillary policeman.
He was diagnosed as paranoid as a child
(too much Kool Aid and apple juice and
not enough minerals). He began to hear
voices in 1974 - “The Voices” were telling
him to kill. The walls of his apartment were
covered with scribbled messages - “Kill for
My Master.”

The genesis of the term, “Sam's Cre-
ation” came from Berkowitz’s neighbor Sam
Carrs black Laborador dog that barked all
night and kept Berkowitz awake. Berkowitz
wrote letters to Carr to no avail and on April
1977 he shot the dog. Berkowitz also wrote
anonymous letters to police complaining
about people bothering him (just like Andrei
Chickatilo the “Red Ripper” did just before
he started his killings!!)

Berkowitz was sentenced to 365 years
in Attica State Prison.

The most infamous of the modern day
“Bad Seeds” has to be Jefferey Dahmer. In
his first year of elementary school he be-
gan torturing small animals- a baby brother
was born (his mother suffered deep depres-
sion during her second pregnancy and had
depression and anxiety problems during her
first trimester with Jeffrey). Dahmer's

119

Ed

mother also took prescription medication
for her anxiety and depression at the time
when his brain was developing; it is well
documented that the drugs can cause simi-
lar brain impairment as fetal alcohol syn-
drome!!!

At age six, Dahmer felt neglected be-
cause of the appearance of his baby brother
and developed a hatred for him according
to notes on his first report card!!

Dahmer began to collect large and col-
orful insects such as beetles, butterflies and
dragonflies then graduated to mammalian
road kills during his elementary school
years. In a toolshed he named “The Hut”
Dahmer kept hundreds of jars of dismem-
bered and pickled parts of the road kills-
after awhile he began experiments on dis-
solving their bodies with acid.

When Dahmer reached the age of 14
neighbor's dogs began to disappear - he had
graduated from weird anatomist to killer!
Dogs showed up decapitated and their
headless bodies nailed to a tree, the heads
impaled on sticks like a totem -”he loved
skulls” said a former schoolmate.

In high school Dahmer became addicted
to alcohol (pica). John Backderf, a high
school classmate of Dahmers stated,” I was
always a little wary of him. I was never quite
sure what he was going to do. He had this
kind of creepy strength about him - an ele-
ment of danger to him.”

Dahmer would actually take cans of
beer to school in his army field jacket and
drink them between classes - he was a full
blown alcoholic by the time he was 13
(pica). At age 18 in his senior year, Dahmer
was tracing human bodies on the floor of
the school with chalk.

Dahmer would do outrageous imitations
of debilitated people which his classmates

called “doing a Dahmer.” Dahmer's favor-
ite was his faked epileptic siezures - his in-
formal cheering section once paid him $30
to “do a Dahmer” in an exclusive mall.

Dahmer's parents split up and divorced
at the time of his high school graduation
leaving him alone in a house with an empty
refrigerator. Now age 18 Dahmer set out
“trolling” in his car on Cleveland-Massillon
Road in Bath, Ohio - he was looking for
“anything.” Here is where he came across
a 19 year old hitchhiker named Steven
Hicks. Dahmer stopped and gave Hicks a
ride and then invited him home for a few
drinks. It was June 25, 1978.

After a few beers and homosexual sex,
Hicks decided to leave, Dahmer exploded
into a “Mr. Hyde” rage and beat him to
death with a barbell.

Dahmer dismembered Hick’s body and
placed the pieces in plastic garbage bags;
he then placed the bagged body into the
car trunk and drove off to dispose of the
body.

Dahmer was pulled over by the police
for driving like a drunk but passed the so-
briety test so he was allowed to drive off
without the car being closely examined!!!
He was so frightened that he turned around
and went home with the body and placed
it in the crawl space of the house - after a
few hot June days the flesh began to de-
compose and smell; this was temporarily
solved by burying the flesh filled bags in a
shallow grave in his back yard.

After a few weeks Dahmer decided to
dig Hick’s remains up and cut all of the
muscle from the skeleton - he placed the
filleted flesh in jars of acid and dissolved
the meat into sludge which he flushed down
a back yard drain; he then used a sledge-
hammer to pound the bones of the limbs,

120

tnside Edibon
DAHMER: Serving 999 years
for murders of 17 young men

‘Compulsions’ encourage Dahmer dementia

By Debbie Howlett
USA TODAY

Milwaukee serial killer Jef-
frey Dahmer tells Inside Edi-
tion, in a wide-ranging inter-
view, that sometimes “I still do
have those old compulsions.”

Dahmer, serving 999 years
in a Wisconsin prison for the
grisly murders of I7 young
men, says he killed not out of
anger or hate, “but because I
wanted to keep them with me.
.-. At the time, it was almost

addictive; it was almost a surge
of energy I would feel.”

The tabloid TV show’s first
of three segments airs tonight.

Dahmer was arrested in
July 1991 when a man in hand-
cuffs led police to the apart-
ment where Dahmer kept
body parts in a vat of acid. In
the interview he says:

> After the first murders, “I
was branching out, that’s when
the cannibalism started, eating
the heart and the heart muscle.
It was a way of making me feel

that they were part of me. At
first, it was just curiosity.”

> “I tried to keep the person
alive by inducing a zombielike
state by injecting first a diluted
acid solution into the brain or
hot water. It never did com-
pletely work.”

>A compulsive obsession
with doing what I was doing’
overpowered any feelings of
repulsion. ...I was dead-set on
going with this compulsion. It
was the only thing that gave me
satisfaction in life.”

121

spine and skull into small pieces which he
threw off of a bluff into a dense woods to
be eaten by calcium seeking rodents and
birds!!!

Over the next 13 years, Dahmer went
to Ohio State University briefly but left to
join the army as he spent more time drink-
ing than studying. In the military, Dahmer
washed out of the military police academy
and went to Fort Sam Houston, Texas to
become a medic!!! The army paid for
Dahmer to learn about drugs, pain killers,
sedatives, drugs that paralyze the nervous
system, and invasive medical procedures
including the fine points of human
anatomy.

After two years and two months,
Dahmer was discharged from the army as
a hopeless alcoholic. He spent six months
in Miami, then moved to Milwaukee to
live with his grandmother. He got a job
drawing blood for the blood bank, it was
now 1982.

Between 1985 and 1991 when he was
captured, Dahmer killed 16 more young
men and boys by drugging them, strangling
them, having oral sex with the the dead
bodies then dismembering them. He kept

the skulls after cooking the meat off of them,
he painted them and placed them around
the apartment as trophies. The major por-
tions of the bodies he converted to sludge
in acid baths and flushed them down the
drain. Dahmer began to eat the heart
muscle and then the limb muscle "just to
see what it was like," but after awhile he
became addicted to human flesh (pica).

Decomposing flesh smelled so bad in
Dahmer's apartment that neighbors com-
plained to the police, however, Dahmer was
able to convince them that he knew noth-
ing of the cause.

Dahmer was finally caught when one
of his intended victims escaped naked and
in handcuffs and brought the police back
to the apartment.

“A compulsive obsession with
what I was doing overpowered any
feelings of repulsion... I was dead set
on going with this compulsion. It was
the only thing that gave me satisfac-
tion in life.”

- Jeffrey Dahmer
Inside Edition

122

Chapter 7

GENETIC POTENTIAL:

Pasteur brought about a revolution in
medicine by associating bacteria or “germs”
with disease - his work carried through to
the late 1930’s when penicillin was discov-
ered. During that nearly two hundred year
period it was thought that most disease in-
cluding cancer and mental disease was
caused by bacterial germs - the “discovery
of the century.” Everything in medicine
was geared towards this bacterial theory;
culture techniques, vaccines, antibiotic af-
ter antibiotic appeared to save us from
bacterial disease.

After World War II viruses became im-
portant; techniques in identification and
propagation (cell cultures) were developed
and every effort was made to attribute ev-
ery disease from cancer to mental disease
to viral cause. The electron microscope,
monkeys for vaccine production were the
tools of the day - “virus technology was the
discovery of the century.”

The development of genetic mapping
techniques has become the “discovery of
the century”- today everyone knows that
genetic defects cause everything from body

“The difference between the child prodigy (i.e.-
music, art, math, physics, athletics, etc.) and the
high school dropout is not genetics or income level
of the parents, but rather the nutritional (and
especially the mineral intake) compentancy of the
child during pre and postnatal development”

- Joel D, Wallach, BS, DVM, ND
RARE EARTHS: Forbidden Cures, 1994

The Outer Limits.

odor to cancer and mental disease. Sound
familiar?

Unfortunately the appearence of every
new scientific tool brings with it the great
scientific con - grant getting. With fever
pitch support from the scammed public,
how can congress refuse us the informa-
tion and tools for better health?

The truth is “genetic defects” are no
more the root cause of all disease than is it
a fact that all rivers run up stream. The ter-
rible parallel between the medical fever over
bacteria, viruses and genetic engineering is
that preceding the “discovery of the cen-
tury” was the development of a laboratory
technique, i.e.- bacterial culturing, light
microscope; viral culturing, cell cultures,
electron microscope; genetic mapping, am-
niocentesis, test tube babies ( actually vet-
erinarians had been freezing semen and
fertilizing and implanting eggs, “test tube
babies” for 50 years before medical doctors
ever dreamt of it) and the ultimate - “ge-
netic engineering.”

In both the “viral answer” and the “ge-
netic answer” huge sums of money were

123

sag ———- —_______

drawn out of government coffers and pri-
vate pharmaceutical firms for research and
development, patents, stock options, and
public offerings on the stock exchange flow
freely - unfortunately none of these “an-
swers” have yet won the war on cancer or
any “genetic” disease.

The human does have a genetic poten-
tial for physical and emotional perfection
and an upper genetic limit for height and
longevity as does a flamingo, an angel fish,
a cat, a dog and an elephant. The human
genetic potential includes a disease free life
with a programmed potential for longevity
of 120 to 140 years. Attaining your genetic
potential (the upper limits of what we can
have out of life) for physical and emotional
perfection and optimal longevity begins
before the beginning!!

PRECONCEPTION:

Contrary to popular belief, our biologi-
cal responsabilities as parents begin before
conception! Preconception nurturing of
your body (male and female, however, the
major responsibility is weighed toward the
woman, as embryonic success is dependent
100 % on the females nutrition) is essen-
tial to success and is a must if you are sexu-
ally active for a variety of reasons.

First of all, the beginning of a new life
in animals and man is referred to as an
embryo (Fig. 7-1) until complete
developement occurs (90 days in the hu-
man), at which time the embryo becomes
a fetus. The progression from a fertilized egg
to embryo to fetus occurs in the first trimes-
ter (first one third of pregnancy) in all mam-
malian species with the exception of the
marsupials. In marsupials, the baby is
“born” as an embryo and finishes develop-

ment in the mothers “pouch.”

During the 90 days of embryonic devel-
opment in man, all body tissues, organs and
systems are formed, connected and jump
started, leaving only the increase in size
from a mouse-like human at 90 days of ges-
tational age to the 6 to 10 pound human
fetus at term (birth).

The complexity of the events leading to
the neural streak on the embryonic disc
becoming parallel neural ridges, which
quickly rise from the disc and meet form-
ing the neural tube which is destined to
become the brain and spinal cord ( includ-
ing the 12 cranial nerves,i.e.-retina of the
eye, the auditory nerves, glossal nerves of
the tongue and the great vagus nerves that
originate in the brain and innervate the or-
gans of the chest and abdominal cavity);
the segmental development of the muscu-
lar system and peripheral nerves; the won-
der of the formation of the four chambered
heart that is intimately integrated with the
entire vascular system made up of miles of
arteries, veins and capillaries; the ventral
enfolding of the embryonic disc that be-
comes the thoracic and abdominal cavities
complete with heart, lungs, liver, pancreas,
stomach, gut, genito-urinary tract for repro-
duction and controlling wastes from the
blood; and the endocrine system that pro-
vides the push/pull controls over the bod-
ies development, physiological cycles,
sexual and metabolic control and mainte-
nance; and lastly the DNA, RNA and tens
of thousands of subcellular enzyme cycles,
pathways and systems that control emo-
tions, sexual drive (and preferences), eye
color, height potential and life itself are
some of the “miracles” of life that ignite
during this period.

The nutritional requirements of the egg,

124

B

Fig. 7-1 Greatest risk for developmental defects in the human embryo
is in the first trimester of pregnancy.

125

[REE

BIRTH DEFECT INCIDENCE
Cleft lip and/or cleft palate 2242
Clubfoot 1482
Polydactyly (more than five fingers) 817
Congenital heart disease 734
Spina bifida (defective spine) 712
Epispadinas or hypospadias (deformity of external genitalia) 572
Syndactyly (abnormal union of fingers) 451
Mongolism 423
Bone and joint deformities 386
Hydrocephalus (excess fluid about brain) 254
Omphalocele and eventration (navel hernia and protrusion of bowels) 229
Head and trunk deformities 225
Imperforate anus 188
Ear deformities 185
Tracheoesophageal deformities 144
Atresia of intestines (bowel obstruction) 115
Skin (birthmarks) 104

“Modified from Silberg, S. L., Marienfeld, C. J., Wright H., and others: Surveillance of congenital anomalies in
Missouri; 1953-1964: a preliminary report, Arch. Environ. Health 12:641-644, 1966.

Table 7-1 Major congenital malformations reported among 1,135,156 live births in Missouri, 1953-1964.

126

Infant deaths
in the USA

U.S. infant mortality dropped
slightly between 1990 and 1991,
from 9.1 to 8.9 deaths per 1,000
births. By state (story, 1D):

199)
Ala. W2
Alaska 9.0
Ariz. 87
Ark. 10.4
Calif. 78
Colo. 83
Conn. ="
Del. 12.7
D.C. 16.2
Fla. 89
Ga. 124
Hawaii 65
Idaho 87
i —
Ind. 9.0
lowa 77
Kan. 94
Ky. 8.2
La, 96
Maine =
Md. 81
Mass. 68
Mich. 99)
Minn. 72
Miss, 11.3
Mo. 10.2
‘Mont. 76
Neb. 74
Nev. ="
NH. 65
NJ. il
NM. 85
NY. -
NC. 11.0
ND, 9.0
Ohio 9.5
Okla, 9.9
Ore, 76
Pa. 94
Rl. 78
S.C. 10.6
SD. 9.0
Tenn. 97
Texas 77
Utah 6.0
ve 61
Va, 9.7
Wash. 74
W.Va. 9.0
Wis. 8.1
Wyo. 72

1- not yet available
Source: National Center for Health
Statistes

127

SSS |-—

FLORIDA TODAY, Monday, November 29, 1993

9-week-old gets transplant at Shands

Associated Press

GAINESVILLE — Nine-week-old Gary
Weems was “doing very well” Sunday
after becoming the youngest patient ever
to receive a heart transplant in Florida,
officials at Shands Hospital said.

The youngster from Pensacola was
operated on Saturday, and on Sunday he
passed the halfway mark in what surgeons
say is the most critical time period, the
first 48 hours after getting the new heart.

“He is still in critical but stable condi-
tion,” said hospital spokeswoman Kimber-
ly Jordan. “That is typical for a heart-
transplant patient at this stage. He's
actually doing very, very well.”

Gary was stable throughout the five-
hour operation, performed by University
of Florida surgeons, nurses and medical
technicians, said Dr. Daniel Knauf, asso-
ciate professor of thoracic and cardiovas-
cular surgery at UF's College of Medicine.

“The first 24 to 48 hours are the most
critical,” said Dr. Eudice Fontenot, assis-
tant professor of cardiology at UF.

Gary, son of Charles and Gari Weems
of Pensacola, had idiopathic cardiomyopa-
thy, a weakening of the heart muscle due
to unknown causes. He was on a waiting,
list for a donor heart for four weeks.

“When Gary first arrived here more
than one month ago, he was extremely

ill,” said Dr. Michael Greene, assistant
professor of thoracic and cardiovascular
surgery. “Fortunately, our cardiologists
and intensive care nurses and physicians
were able to stabilize and sustain him until
a heart became available.”

Shands released no information on the
donor.

The UF-Shands neonatal-infant heart-
transplant unit was established this past
May, and there are now 46 institutions in
the United States approved to do heart
transplants for infants under 1 year of age
and 43 for neonatal transplants, involving
infants less than a month old.

The first successful newborn heart
transplant was done at the Loma Linda
University Medical Center in California in
November 1985. The child lived until 1992.

The Shands program is dedicated to

Jennifer Crawford
daughter of Floridé
Agricultural Commis
sioner Bob Crawford
Jennifer was born ir
April 1980 with ¢
heart defect, and diec
the following Jan
uary.

Crawford, ther
president of the Flor
ida Senate, has since
worked to raise money for the infant hear
program at UF-Shands.

“I can tell you from first-hand expefi
ence that there’s probably nothing more
of a nightmare to a parent than to reallze
their child needs extraordinary medica
care, especially cardiac care,” Crawfore
said through Shands.

CRAWFORD

128

THE DAY, THURSDAY, JULY 29, 1993 AS

Surgery saves one Siamese twin
but doctors say other will die

By BILL ESTEP
Knight-Ridder Newspapers
Lexington, Ky. — The 2-

month-old girl doctors hoped to
save with a surgical separation
from her twin sister has a very
good chance for recovery, her
doctors said Wednesday.

But today or Friday, or the
next day, maybe, as her parents
hold her as much as possible,
the other twin will die because

shg has no kidney.
The decision fo separate con-

joined twins Brittany and Tiff
any Lewis — knowing Tiffany
would die as a result — was gut-
wrenching for their parents,
Kenneth and Angela Lewis of
Corbin. But it was the best op-

tion because leaving the girls
joined would have placed both
of them at risk, doctors said.

“Nobody likes the cards they
were dealt,” Dr. Andrew Pulito
said of the Lewises, “but I think
they're trying to play the hand
they were given the best they
can.”

Pulito, who helped lead the
complex surgery to separate the
girls, said Tiffany was not an
acceptable candidate for a kid-
ney transplant because she has
several other serious medical
problems.

Her parents, aided by doctors
at the University of Kentucky
Medical Center, decided against
using life-support systems to
keep Tiffany alive.

129

sperm, the chromosomes in the egg and
sperm, the genes on the chromosomes are
exquisitly critical before conception, during
the embryonic period (Table 7-1), during
the fetal period and during life outside of
the uterus until we die!! Chromosomes and
genes are critical in their second by second
requirement for minerals, trace minerals,
Rare Earths, vitamins, amino acids and es-
sential fatty acids.

Because of the failure of the American
(and the rest of the world, too) food supply
to meet these hypercritical needs for nour-
ishment of the chromosome, gene, sperm
and egg 15 % of Americans are infertile gen-
erating a whole new specialty of fertility
doctors praying financially on hopeful par-
ents to be; the sperm count of men has
dropped by 50% in the last 100 years, and
10 % percent of our babies are born with
emotional (i.e.- learning disabilities, homo-
sexuality, antisocial behavior, hyperactiv-
ity, etc.) and or chromosomal and or physi-
cal neural tube defects ( i.e.-Down’s Syn-
drome, spina bifida, anencephally,
hydrocephalus, cerebral palsy,etc.) neces-
sitating whole new medical specialties in
pediatric disability problems. Additionally
millions of people are born each year with
totally unnecessary physical defects (i.e.-
cleft palate (Fig. 7-2), cleft lip, heart defects,
hiatal hernias, umbilical hernias (Fig. 7-3),
extra and webbed digits,etc.), many of
which are thought to be genetic defects
(Down's Syndrome(Fig. 7-4), muscular dys-
trophy, cystic fibrosis(Fig. 7-1), diabetes,
etc.) by the allopathic medical profession.

Injury to the chromosomes and genes
of the human egg and sperm can be caused
by radiation (very little of this happens be-
cause everyone is very aware not to expose
their eggs and sperm to x-rays), toxic chemi-

Seeeiee

f

cals, prescription drugs, alcohol and micro-
nutrient malnutrition, either overt malnu-
trition (i.e.- deficiencies of minerals, vita-
mins, amino acids and essential fatty ac-
ids) or the malnutrition of maldigestion and/
or absorption.

Injuries or birth defects (i.e.-physical,
emotional, biochemical and behavioral)
that occur to the embryo and fetus and
show up at birth regardless of cause are not
genetic and are in fact preventable.

Let's take for example Down’s Syn-
drome; for all its characteristic exterior fea-
tures of domed forehead, medial canthal
eye folds, lowered IQ and high risk for cer-
tain heart defects, it is the “trisomy” or the
extra chromosome 21 that is the basis for
Down’s Syndrome.

Even as you read this chapter, the
allopathic medical doctor believes that the
“trisomy” of Down’s Syndrome is a genetic
or chromosomal defect that only manifests
itself primarily in women over the age of
35. Statistically the “over 35” rule of thumb
was true when women had eight to ten chil-
dren (the poor woman would be depleted
of minerals by the time she was over 35 so
the last two or three embryos were at higher
risk for trisomy).

Today, the teenage mother is no longer
a rare phenomenon, they are having babies
at an ever increasing rate and they have a
higher risk of having babies with birth de-
fects including Down’s Syndrome than
does the mother over 35. They and their
babies are at higher risk because of teenag-
ers poor dietary habits plus the fact that
teen mothers are still children themselves
requiring huge amounts of micronutrients
to deal with puberty - they in fact compete
with their own embryos for limited or non
existent vitamins and minerals.

130

Fig. 7-2 Cleft palates in a small liter of newborn arctic foxes.

131

Fig. 7-3

at —
A- Simple Omphalocele (navel hernia)

C - Eventration (hernia of small bowels)

132

Fig. 7-4 Down’s Syndrome (Trisomy 22) in the chromosomes of an infant chimp.

133

B) Microscopic view of damaged muscle fibers and calcification.
Fig. 7-5

134

Cc D
Muscular dystrophy in a boy (note enlarged calves). Muscular dystrophy in a boy (note enlarged calves).

Fig. 7-5 (continued)

E
Normal muscle (left) and MD muscle (right)

135

Fig. 7-6 A) Infant rhesus monkey with cystic fibrosis (held by author).

136

News Copy From

In‘ormation Services John Rozier, Director
Emory University (Code 404) 329 6216
Allanta, Geo 30222 EMORY UNIVERSITY
°
RELEASE DATE: Sunday AM's - March 5, 1978 March 3, 1978
SUBJECT First Case of Cystic Fibrosis vio}
eR

Discovered in Nonhuman

Scientists at the Yerkes Regional Primate Research Center of
Emory University have discovered cystic fibrosis in a young rhesus
monkey at autopsy--the first nonhuman case of this disease known
to medical science.

“This appears to be the first animal model of cystic fibrosis,

and we're excited about its implications," said Drs. Joel Wallach
and Harold McClure, veterinary pathologists at the Yerkes Center.

Since cystic fibrosis is thought to be a genetic disease, there
is a possibility that the parents or relatives of the affected
monkey can have additional offspring with cystic fibrosis.

An animal model of cystic fibrosis will permit investigators
to learn a great deal about the basic causes of the disease and how
it might be treated, the Yerkes scientists explained. At present,
the basic defect of the disease is not known.

Cystic fibrosis is a disease of children, adolescents, and
young adults which is characterized by abnormal mucus secretions
and fibrous scarring in various organs such as the pancreas, liver,
lungs, and reproductive and digestive systems. Many of its victims
die in early life of complications such as malabsorption and
pneumonia.

More than 25,000 white people in the United States have the
disease, but a much larger number--five percent of the white popu-

lation--are thought to be carriers of the recessive gene of cystic

-more-

y has served the Stith and the nation
Law, Theology, Dentistry, Narsing, Bus!

sted institution with 7,500 students and 38,500 atumn), Emory Univ
h and community activity Coilege, Graduate School, Schools of M

137

Cystic Fibrosis 2-
fibrosis. It is rarely seen in the black population or in people
of Asiatic origin.

The discovery came as Dr. Wallach,assistant veterinary path-
ologist at the Yerkes Center, was performing a routine autopsy on

a six-month old male rhesus monkey that had died of unknown causes.

He noticed pancreatic disease and bronchial mucus production;

evaluation of the tissue later under the microscope revealed
classic textbook case" of cystic fibrosis as pictured in human
medical literature, the Yerkes scientist said.

Studies of tissue from other organs confirmed that the monkey
was indeed a victim of cystic fibrosis, Dr. Wallach said. Dr.
Wallach's diagnosis was confirmed by Dr. Victor Nassar, an Emory
pediatric pathologist at Atlanta's Grady Memorial Hospital and by
Dr. John Easterly, pathologist at the Chicago Lying-In Hospital,
who is a national authority on cystic fibrosis.

A report on the discovery was made yesterday (Saturday, March
4, 1978) at a Primate Pathology Workshop held in Atlanta. Drs.
Wallach and NcClure gave the presentation at Emory's Glenn Memorial
Building near Grady Hospital.

They said the affected animal was bred in a colony of rhesus
monkeys supported by the National Aeronautics and Space Admini-
Stration for studies pertaining to the U.S. space program.

“We have here a classic example of serendipity," said Drs.
Wallach and McClure. "These animals were being studied for the
space program but are now also providing us clues in a different
area altogether.”

~more-

138

ESS

Cystic Fibrosis -3-

Dr. Nelly Golarz de Bourne, histologist at the Yerkes Center,
is conducting NASA studies on the monkey colony in collaboration
with Dr. Geoffrey H. Bourne, Yerkes Center director. Their records
go back at least 10 years, and include information pertaining to
breeding and diseases of the animals.

"We can now go back and look at slides of animals that died
to see whether any of them might have had any of the more subtle
changes of cystic fibrosis,“ Dr. McClure explained.

"This discovery has made us aware that these animals can have
the disease, so we can make an all-out search for new cases, both
in the past and future. If we can breed a supply of animals with
cystic fibrosis, using the parents, siblings, or other relatives
of the one that had the disease, this will be a great boon to
researchers."

Up to now, research efforts toward understanding and curing
cystic fibrosis have been severely hampered by lack of an animal
model.

“We are very fortunate that the rhesus monkey is the animal
model that was found by Dr. Wallach, because more is known about
this animal than about any other nonhuman primate," Dr. McClure
said. "They are also available for research in fairly large
quantities."

Dr. James A. Peters, medical director of the Cystic Fibrosis
Foundation, which has its headquarters in Atlanta, commented:

"We eagerly await the results of Dr. Wallach's studies because of
the importance of an animal model to both basic and clinical
research on cystic fibrosis."

He noted that Dr. Wallach will participate in a May 25-26
workshop in Bethesda, Md., on the animal model for the study of
cystic fibrosis which will be jointly sponsored by the U.S. Nationa]
Institute of Arthritis, Metabolism, and Digestive Disease and the

Cystic Fibrosis Foundation.
HHA From: Tom Sellers, Science Ed.

139

seeeeeeee |

Fig. 7-6 C)

RRREREED

Lancet article, November 1985 supporting authors work

(congenital selenium deficiency
1238

PHYSICAL ACTIVITY PATTERN OF RURAL SOUTH INDIAN WOMEN

Average time (min/day)
Activity | Pregnant (031) | Lactating (a= 31) |NPNL (n=53)
Personal 969 918 678
Domestic 294 198 307
Child care 23 12 35
Social $5 62 195
Field work st n let
Animal care 32 B 7
Travel 2 18
Leisure 7 8
Other occupation 7
Business

NPNL-= nom pregnant, aon lnctaing (age 20-29)

and 2010 (NPNL) kcal. This suggests that changes in activity
ppattern alone could account for a reduction in energy expenditure of
about 16% between non-pregnant and pregnant states in these
women. The predictions of daily energy expenditure are supported
by our estimates of energy intake in the same women, also by 24h
recall, which were 1606283 (pregnant) and 1997288 (NPNL) kcal
(meanzSEM).

Durnin et al speculate that the scope for changes in physical
activity may vary from one population toanother. We believe that in
rural south India, where the normal level of physical activity is high,
significant changes in activity occur in pregnancy and lactation
“These may occur to such an extent that the energy intake and energy
expenditure of pregnant women may be 15~20% below that of non:
pregnant non-lactating women.

Department of Human Nutetion,
London Scbool of Hygiene

tnd Tropica! Medicine,
London WCLE7HT

G. McNent
P.R. PAYNE

1. Lawrence M, Lamb MH, Lawrence F, Whuchead RG. Musatenance energy cou of
pregnancy in rural Gambun women, endunfluence of dietary satus Lance 1984,
5a3-85,

2 Roberts SB, Paul AA, Cole TI, Whstebead RG Seasonal changes in ecovty, birth
“eeigh end lactational performance i rural Gambian women Trans Rey Sec Trop
Med Hi 1982, 14: 668-78

3 Houdek Jimenes M, Newiea N Activity sod work duriog pregnancy sad tbe port
bartum period A crow culrural wudy of 202 societies Am J Obvet Cyneeo! 19

1s:

SELENIUM DEFICIENCY, CYSTIC FIBROSIS, AND
PANCREATIC CANCER

‘Sir,—In 1979 Wallach’ advanced his environmental selenium
deficiency theory of cystic fibrosis (CF), based on observations in a
primate, questionnaires to 120 families with at least one affected
child, and an understanding of the complex interactions between
nutritional factors that promote or retard lipid peroxidation.’ He
concluded that CF could be “‘an acquired environmental disease
that can be produced by a deficiency of selenium, zinc, and
riboflavin and exacerbated by diets also low in vitamin E and rich in.
polyunsaturated fatty acids”. This unorthodox view was dismissed?
and concern was expressed about the recommendation of
supplementary doses of selenium, since there was “lack of any
evidence as to selenium deficieacy” in CF children‘ (indeed, the
implication was that selenium supplements with 25 yg selenium
yeast daily had contributed to the deaths of two children). Dr Stead
and colleagues (Oct 19, p 862) now provide clear evidence of
selenium, with or without vitamin E, deficiency in young adults
with the disease and raise the spectre of cancer (pancreatic and
cextrapancreatic) if the deficiencies are uncorrected

‘The dilemma would be resolved if, instead of focusing on
antioxidants alone, attention was also directed towards factors that
increase the demand on tissue antioxidant stores—for example,
increased production of oxygen and other chemical radicals via
cytochromes P450. Our studies in patients with chronic pancreatitis
illustrate this principle** and strongly suggest that this disease is a

as cause of cystic fibrosis).
‘THE LANCET, NOVEMBER 30, 1985

casualty of heightened, but unmitigated, “oxidative detoxification
reactions”. A modified concept in CF, with inappropriately high
cytochrome P450 activities as the basic genetic defect—but which
could be compounded by environmental factors—provides @
framework within which published observations can be
rationalised.”

(1) In patients with CF, as in chronic pancreatitis, theophylline
clearance is raised,** indicating increased activities ofhydrocarbon-
inducible forms of cytochromes P450. The overlap between
inherited and acquired exocrine pancreatic disease is further
evidenced in the report of a family in which two members had CF
and three had calcifying chronic pancreatitis.”

(2) Lesions resembling CF — macroscopically and/or
microscopically (tubular complexes) can be produced in animals by
injecting carbon tetrachloride, '° implanting benzo(a)pyrene," or
rendering the animals deficient in selenium.' These dissimilar
methods share the ability to drive the mono-orygenase/aatioxidant
axis in the direction of lipid peroxidation—by generating resctive
drug intermediates, inducing cytochromes P450 aad thereby
increasing production of oxygen radicals, or depleting radical
quenchers, respectively.

(3) Tissues affected in CF are just those which retain cytochromes
P450 activities after birth.'?

(4) Mucus secretion, so characteristic a fearure in CF, subservesa
role in antioxidant protection. '?

(5) The reported increases in lactoferrin and lysosomal enzymesin
serum and lipofuscin in tissues of CF patients are explicable—the
first retards lipid peroxidation, the second reflects the vulnerability
of lysosomes to oxygen radicals, and the third is a manifestation of
excessive lipid peroxidation.

(6) Inducibility of some forms of cytochrome P450 is genetically
determined; the placenta is generously endowed with moao-
“oxygenases; some environmental pollutants linger within the body
Jong enough to cause placental enzyme induction in subsequeot
conceptions;'* and prenatal induction of the mono-oxygenases can
persist into adulthood. All these facts—and many others—allow the
flexibility that is needed for any concept in the context of CF.”

To return to the question of antioxidant supplementation in CF,
our evolving concepts suggest the need to titrate dosage to demand:
this can be achieved only if all three components of the axis are
considered (ie, inducers, promoters of induction, and antioxidants).
The corollary is that “normal” serum levels of antioxidants are 00
guarantee that tissue levels are optimum in the face of chronically
increased demand.

JOAN M. BRAGANZA

Manchester MU9EL.

1 Wallach JD, Germane B Cyanc fibron + penal manifesoy of selesium
eficency In Hemphill DD, ed Trace subwences in enmroamental beach
Columbsa Univernty of Missour Prem, 1979 469-76

Diplock AT. Metabolic and functional defects seeroum dficrency Pa! Tran R Sa
‘Lond 1981, 206: 108-17

Hubbard VS, Barbero G, Chase HP Selenium and cystic fibrous J Padiatr 1980,
«21-22

Soodgrass W, Rumact BH, Sullivan JB Selesium cbildhood pouoaing and ce
{bron Cin Tonio! 1961, 16: 211-20

Braganca JM, Acheson DK Comparative radiological and morpbological aredy of
Truman pancteen Gut 1945, 26 1098-96

Braganca JM. Tie pancreas In: Pounder R, ed Recent advances 0 pstrocaterology
‘Vol V1 Edinburgh’ Churebll Linnguooe (in press)

Bragansa JM. Cyst fibrous a casualty of "detonation"? Med Hypo (prem)
es M, Spine M, Tabachnik E, Levion H, Thiewoo J, MacLeod S. Theophyline

uc Fidcons Ame Rev Reip Dus 1983, 127: 417-21

‘Geraed A, Marvelle Ph Etude des pancréatopaies abvervtes

Stnerations d'une meme famille Lille Mad 1985

10, Veghelp PV, Kemeny TT, Possony J, Son) Tonic lemons

‘Chud 1950, 88: 390-403

Bockman DE, Black O, Webster PD. Delfereatnon pf liver and pancreas roduced

rinagene Gattrcnirology 1979, 78: 104

12 Baron J, Kawsbate T, Redick Jy eto Lavalitatiog of atcinogen-metaboiaing €nytet

ta human end anvmal (eavet (9. Ryducom J, Montclua J, Bengrsio M, et
Extrahepunie drug metaboliam and chemical ercinogeseant New York Elsenet

Grout CE, Halliwell B, Alen A. An
‘tnd gastrounenieal wucut Lancet

Wong TK, Eventon RD, Hsu ST Potent induction of buman placental meoo-
onytensve ectivity by previous ditty exposure to polycblonaared biphenyls and
het thermal degradation producte Lance: 1985, : 721-24

140

How can the “classic delayed genetic disease” such as Down's Syndrome appear at incredible rates in our child/mothers? It is true that Down’s Syndrome is congenital (i.e.-born with the defect). It is true that there is a chromosomal defect (i-e.- trisomy 21); however, it is not true that Down’s Syndrome is genetic!! Down’s Syndrome is in fact the result of a preconception zinc deficiency which produces a chromosomal/DNA injury or defect similar in nature to the changes created by radiation (again it is interesting to point out that radiation despite all its horrible potential for chromosomal/DNA injury, causes less than one percent of all birth defects because we are all hyper aware of the dangers and avoid it!!).

Nutritional studies in animals and cell cultures have demonstrated that Trisomy or Down’s Syndrome can be created at will in the laboratory by preconception zinc deficiencies during the formation and development of the sperm and the egg - these facts underscore the critical nutritional needs for sexually active men and women. It only takes $40 worth of supplements a month before and during pregnancy to prevent Down's Syndrome and in addition to the human tragedy it costs us a million dollars to care for each Down's Syndrome patient over their life time.

It has been clearly demonstrated in the laboratory animal, pet animal and agriculture that 98 % of all birth defects are not “genetic” in nature, but in fact are nutritional deficiencies of the egg, embryo and fetus and can be prevented by preconception nutrition. Working with these facts instead of denying them, the animal industry has all but eliminated tragic and expensive birth defects ( there are no insurance plans private or government that would cover the economic loss of a birth defect in livestock) by supplying high quality preconception and gestational nutrition to breeding animals(Fig. 7-7).

A few pennies a day per animal worth of essential vitamins and minerals has virtually eliminated hydrocephalus, cerebral palsy, spina bifida, Down’s Syndrome, heart defects, cleft lip, cleft palate, muscular dystrophy, cystic fibrosis, hernias, limb and digit defects from their breeding colonies.

To understand how the developing embryo are so dependent upon a proper and adequate supply of vitamins, minerals, amino acids and fatty acids, we have to appreciate that embryonic tissues develop faster physically and biochemically than the most aggressive cancer cells, this rate of growth and development requires dizzying amounts of essential nutrients to complete certain biochemical and tissue maneuvers on time - the train only passes by once, if it is missed there is no going back and the child will be born with one or more biochemical, physical, mental or emotional defects.

Genetic engineers refer to the essential mineral cofactors as “metal fingers” which are required to activate genes!!! In the absence of the appropriate “metal finger” DNA and genes are powerless! !!!

The awesome zinc requirements (“metal
fingers”) alone of the embryo for DNA, RNA
replication and as a cofactor for enzyme
activity is reflected in the fact that just about
every physical defect discribed in man can
be produced by an embryonic zinc defi-
ciency; for example spina bifida is a well
known embryonic result of a folic acid de-
ficiency, yet folic acid supplementation only
prevents 50 % of this defect - the other 50%

141

Fig. 7-7 A) Preconception nutrition to prevent birth defects starts at 4:30 a.m. Wallach as teenager
feeds breeding cows vitamin, mineral and trace mineral enriched pellets.

B) The results of preconception nutrition is 100 healthy calves for 100 cows.

142

Fig. 7-7 C Ina herd of 100 cows the bull (herd sire) is 50% of the herd-preconception nutrition for
the herd sire assures maximum fertility. Wallach admires ideal form of young shorthorn bull.

143

is preventable by zinc supplementation!!

The animal industry has been able to
eliminate 98% of all birth defects, not by
bringing in new gene pools, “genetic engi-
neering” and selective breeding programs
as is generally believed (in fact the animal
industry uses “in breeding,” i.e.- mating
father/daughter, mother/son, brother/sister
to concentrate desirable traits rather than
breed out birth defects).

The animal industry has eliminated
birth defects in animals, not out of altruis-
tic reasons, but rather to enhance profit-
ability!! If a cow has a calf with a birth de-
fect the cost of feeding and maintaining the
cow that year is a financial loss as well as
the loss of profits from the projected sale of
the calf. There are no insurance companies
private or government (i.e.- no major medi-
cal, no hospitalization, no medicare, no
Blue Cross/Blue Shield) to cover the losses,
therefore the farmer, the husbandryman
and the rancher must bear the financial
burden alone. To reduce his risk of finan-
cial loss the animal husbandryman has
learned that it is simply cheaper to reduce
his risk of financial loss from birth defects
by supplementing with vitamins, minerals,
amino acids and essential fatty acids in the
form of preconception nutrition.

The clinical realities are that few nutri-
tional deficiencies occur in the pure state;
in other words if you can see one deficiency
the odds are there are really hundreds of
them!!! This is why hundreds of thousands
of American children are born each year
with catastrophic, tragic, family rending
birth defects and multiple birth defects - not
as the result of a “bad throw of the dice”
genetic tragedy, but rather from the “pre-
natal vitamin” allopathic attitude which
says, "I will take vitamins and minerals only

after my doctor tells me I’m pregnant,” and
then in many cases only if a government
program pays for it!!

Many women who have had multiple
pregnancies “know the ropes” of pregnancy
and the OB/GYN process so they often wait
three or four months into their pregnancy
before seeking obstetrical help from mid-
wives, naturopathic physicians (or in the
case of Oregon, chiropractors can deliver
babies, too) and nutritional programs to
“save money.” Remember, the embryo has
become a fully formed human at 90 days
of gestational age (the brain spinal cord
and heart form in the first 28 days of preg-
nancy) and all of the “prenatal” vitamins
and minerals taken after that critical period
will not correct any already created birth
defects. It’s kind of like Humpty Dumpty
where “all of the kings horses and all of the
kings men couldn’t put Humpty Dumpty
back together again.”

Frequently, identical twins fail to com-
pletely separate and are joined somewhere
along their midline (i.e.- head to head; chest
to chest; abdomen to abdomen; pelvis to
pelvis, etc.). This tragic congenital defect
of incomplete division of the embryo is 100
percent preventable for $50.00 worth of
preconception vitamins and minerals per
month for three months prior to concep-
tion and each month during pregnancy.

A failure to follow the basic preconcep-
tion nutrition philosophy has a high risk of
being very costly in terms of unnecessary
human misery as well as dollar cost.

Twin girls, Angela and Amy Lakeberg
were born in Indiana June 29, 1993 - they
were joined at the chest and shared a single
severely defective heart and a single liver.
Following separation the one twin (Amy)
was sacrificed in order to save one (Angela).

Table 7-2
Deaths from congenital malformations in American newborns compared with deaths from diarrhea and enteritis.

Deaths from:

Diarrhea and
enteritis

under 1 year
a

Percent of all deaths in U.S.A.
-_
o

Congenital malformations

1910 12 14 16 18 20 22 24 26 28 30 32 34 36 38 40 42 44 46 48 50 52

1910-1953

145

bd

TUESDAY, AUGUST 24, 1993

ST.LOUIS POST-DISPATCH

2-Headed Baby Legacy Of Chernobyl Accident

© 1993, Reuters News Service
KISHINYOV, Moldova — Doc-
tors Monday said the 1986 Cherno-
by! nuclear disaster probably was
responsible for the birth of a two-
headed baby last week in ihe for-
mer Soviet republic of Moldova.

Doctors at the Moldova Republic
Maternity Hospital in Kishinyov
told Reuters the girl was born in
the town of Taraclia Aug. 18 with
two heads, two hearts, two sets of
lungs and two spinal cords, al-

though she had only one set of
limbs.

The mother, who underwent a
Caesarean operation to give birth,
was not identified. She previously
produced three normal children.

Her doctors said it was Moldo-
va's worst mutation linked to the
radiation effects of the power plant
explosion at Chernobyl in the
neighboring Republic of Ukraine.

“Thi

is the first baby I know of

born with two heads in my 20 years
of work,” Dr. Petru Stratulat, dep-
uty chief surgeon at the hospital,
told Reuters. ‘‘Probably it is one of
the consequences of Chernobyl.”

Since Chernoby! the number of
malformed babies had increased by
30 percent to about 1,500 a year,
despite a fall in the birthrate, he
said.

“The chances of this baby’s sur-
vival are practically nil,” he sai

THE DENVER POST

Voice of the Rocky Mountain Empire

lay, July 23, 1993,

THE DENVER Post

Final Edition

‘cents n Designated Ar

sen nggeets

ATINY
DOUBLE
HEADER

two-headed red-
eared turtle that
hatched las! week

a! Kliebert's Turtle & Alli-
gator Farm in Hammond,
La., is held in the palm of
a Kliebert’s worker
Wednesday. Velerinari-
ans report that the oddi-
ly, caused when cells do
Not divide normally, can
occur in every species.

Associated Press ’ Rendy Bergeron

146

Friday, May 13, 1994

Low-birth-weight
babies on increase

ATLANTA — Federal health re-
searchers yesterday reported a dis-
turbing rise in the number of Amer-
ican children born with low birth
weight, a health condition that
ranks as a leading cause of death
among infants.

The U.S. Centers for Disease
Control and Prevention said the lat-
est figures show that the number of
low-birth-weight infants rose 6.6
percent to 66.4 per 1,000 live
births between 1981 and 1991 af-
ter declining in the 1970s.

Officials said they were most
concerned about an 18.1 percent
jump in the number of children with
the condition who were born pre-
maturely. The rise in that category
was most pronounced among
blacks, who accounted for 21.6 per-
cent of the total.

Reuters

147

ST.LOUIS POST-DISPATCH

SATURDAY, JULY 17, 1993

‘Baby Jesse’ Dies;
Got 2 New Hearts

© 1993, Los Angeles Times

LOS ANGELES — Jesse Dean Se-
pulveda, who gained fame as “Baby
Jesse’ when he underwent a heart
transplant 16 days after his birth,
died Friday, just one month after a
second transplant that doctors hoped
would save his life. He was 7.

The boy died at Loma Linda Uni-
versity Medical Center in Riverside,
Calif., 60 miles east of Los Angeles,
hospital spokesman Dick Schaefer
said.

Only last Monday, the hospital had
reported that Jesse was being treated
for rejection of the second new heart,
which had received June 16.

Suffering from fatal hypoplastic
left-heart syndrome, Baby Jesse be-
came a nationally known household
name June 10, 1986, when the 16-
day-old infant successfully received
the transplanted heart of a brain-
dead babv from Michisan

if ~
PRRREERED

ST.LOUIS POST-DISPATCH

THURSDAY, APRIL 14, 1994

Friends Rally Around Family
Whose Son Needs Transplant

By Carolyn Bower
Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

Christopher Oldson turns 1 on Sat-
urday, and friends of his family are
raising money to save his life.

Christopher needs a liver and bow-
el transplant soon to survive. But the
family must come up with a $200,000
deposit before Christopher can get
the operation at the University of
Nebraska Medical Center in Omaha.

Christopher is the son of Kathy and
Russell Oldson. Russell Oldson is di-
tector of terminal development at
TLC Lines Inc., a trucking company
in St. Clair, Mo. On Wednesday the
company collected $2,385 from em-
ployees and business associates,
bringing the total raised for Christo-
pher to $3,685.

On May 14 the company will hold a

148

rummage sale at Interstate 44 and
the first exit to St. Clair.

Russell Oldson joined TLC Lines.
about two months after Christopher
was born in Dallas. Christopher was
two months premature. Four days
after Christopher's birth doctors di-
agnosed an inflammation of the intes-
tines. He developed an infection.
Doctors removed 80 percent of his
intestines. He also developed bacteri-
al meningitis and hydrocephalus. So
far, medical bills exceed $800,000.

Two weeks after Christopher's
birth, Russell Oldson lost his job. Af-
ter the end of this month, the family
will no longer have insurance. Chris-
topher and his mother remain in a
suburb of Dallas.

Oldson’s co-workers have set up A
trust fund for Christopher.

After eleven months and nineteen days
the surviving Lakeberg twin, Angela, died -
the medical cost alone for the attempt to
fix what could have been prevented for $40
was over $1 million dollars to tax payers
($600,000 extracted from the taxpayers of
Indiana alone).

We must insist that our health dollars
be spent more wisely, the Lakebergs were
on food stamps which they traded for drugs,
the incomplete seperation of the twins was
detected in early pregnancy by ultrasound
and yet the medical community was so
ready to take our money.

Veterinarians have eliminated most
birth defects in the animal industry by em-
ploying two simple husbandry techniques:

1) Create biochemically complete ani-
mal rations in the form of pellets or a “meat
loaf” so that every mouthful contains all
essential nutrients every meal, every day -
no buffet style eating where the animal
could pick out its favorite part of the meal.
This was a monumental task when you
come to think of it because many animals
have multiple births or litters which mag-
nifies the pregnancies requirements for min-
erals and vitamins many fold because of
the inter-embryonic competition for limited
critical resources and very brief pregnan-
cies!!! Before the problem of competition
between embryos for limited nutrition sup-
plies was solved, there might be as many
as three to five “runts” (low birth weight
babies) in a litter of eight and a similar rate
of a variety of birth defects would occur.

2) The health provider (the veterinar-
ian in this case) was made responsible for
preventable losses such as birth defects and
other financially devastating outcomes of

| Beals

pregnancy and they were taken off of a fee
for service system. Veterinarians were
placed on salaries and “contract herd
health” ranching programs which made
them responsable for herd health and pro-
duction at a set fee (in affect, HMOs). Thus
as a veterinarian you only get a contract
next year if the rancher makes money this
year.

The herd health system forced the vet-
erinarian to seek out and put into effect
economical and effective nutritional pro-
grams that would prevent catastrophic eco-
nomic outcomes of pregnancy such as mus-
cular dystrophy (muscle is meat)!!!!

For every 100 cows, the farmer and
rancher feeds they demand a hundred preg-
nancies without complication,they demand
a hundred healthy calves, delivered with-
out the need for a ceasarian and they de-
mand that each of those hundred calves
reaches market weight or reproductive age
without health complications - and they get
it. Should our women and children get less
health care than a cow?

There are literally dozens of human “genetic” diseases that can be prevented and in the early stages reversed or “cured” with minerals. Three very good examples of “genetic” diseases that can be prevented are cystic fibrosis, muscular dystrophy and Kawasaki Disease.

Cystic fibrosis (CF) is an important, po-
tentially fatal disease of animals and hu-
mans, which was originally thought to be
transmitted by a simple Mendalian genetic
defect limited to white populations of cen-
tral European origin; today CF has been
diagnosed in virtually all peoples of the
Earth including Blacks, Asians, American
Indians, etc.

In the 80's, a concerted effort to iden-

149

=

jee canes,

tify “the CF gene” has led to three claims of
the gene's discovery. After close scrutiny,
the earlier two claims have been discounted
by the general scientific community, be-
cause the studies were based on linked
DNA markers whose exact relations to CF
was not certain; the third claim (Septem-
ber 8, 1989, Science) is of particular inter-
est because the authors estimate only a 46%
accuracy in identifying CF in patients from
families without a previous history of CF
and a 68% accuracy in identifying CF pa-
tients in families with a privious history of
CF. The authors go on to state “it is prob-
able that this condition (CF) is also deter-
mined by other genetic or non-genetic fac-
tors” and that “the basic biochemical de-
fect of CF has yet to be defined.”

Cystic fibrosis is the “crime of the cen-
tury,” second only to diabetes (and that is
only because diabetes affects millions and
CF “only affects thousands each year”) in
that it is preventable, 100% curable in the
early stages and can be far better managed
in chronic cases than it is currently being
managed by orthodox medicine.

Classically, the diagnosis of CF is made
by employing any two of four recognized
criteria (Table 7-3), but most clinicians are
reluctant to make a diagnosis of CF with-
out a positive sweat test.

The sweat test has been elevated by
medical dogma to “the diagnostic test” for

Table 7-3 . Four Critera for
Clinical Diagnosis of CF

Exocrine pancreatic insufficiency

Bronchiectasis
Positive sweat test
Family history of CF

CF, yet there are no less than 17 known dis-
eases and syndromes that also give a posi-
tive sweat test (Table 7-4), leading at least
one group of investigators from the Cleve-
land Rainbow Childrens Hospital to refer
to “CF as a syndrome (collection of dis-
eases) rather than a disease.”

Initially described in 1933, CF was
originally thought to be the result of
avitaminosis A (a vitamin A deficiency),
because of specific vitamin A deficiency
changes found in a subgroup of young pa-
tients diagnosed clinically with celiac dis-
ease.

In 1938, the term “cystic fibrosis” was
coined because of a cellular atrophy in the

Table 7-4 . Diseases and Syndromes
that Reported Positive Sweat Test

Adrenal insufficiency

Ectodermal dysplasia
Nephrogenic diabetes insipidus
Glucose-6-phosphate deficiency
Pupillatonia/autonomic dysfunction
Allergies

Calcifying pancreatitis

Anorexia nervosa

Cystic fibrosis

Focal hepatic cirrhosis

Defect in prostaglandin metabolism
Hypothyrodism

Fucosidosis
Mucopolysaccharidosis
Malnutrition

Kwashiorkor

Diabetes

150

REED

pancreas that reminded the pathologist of
“cysts” when viewed under the microscope.

In 1952, the fact that congenital CF oc-
curred in a significant number of CF pa-
tients was established.

The genetic theory of CF transmission
was suggested by the congenital nature of
CF, as described in two previously pub-
lished papers. The first, a publication that
appeared in 1913, was a case report of two
children from a family of five who were born
to a couple who were first cousins. One
child died at the age of 11 months from
dehydration and diarrhea (no autopsy was
performed); the second was an eight year
old child who had diarrhea at the time of
the articles appearance - the author theo-
rized that the clinical problem was “an in-
born error of fat metabolism” and “prob-
ably the result of a simple Mendelian gene
defect.” This “from the hip” theory was
enough to make the allopathic doctors be-
lieve that CF was genetic!!

The second paper of interest to the pro-
ponents of the genetic theory of CF trans-
mission was an epidemiological study of
232 Australian families, in which 24.3%
were diagnosed with CF. Six sets of twins,
three identical and three fraternal, failed to
shed clear light on the proposed genetic
transmission.

It was well established by 1975 that the
rate and severity of the pancreatic, liver, heart,
lung and intestinal changes in CF, as well
as the appearance of the positive sweat
test were age and time related (Table 7-5).

In 1978, the first universally accepted
diagnosis of nonhuman CF was made
(Wallach) from the pancreas and liver of
an infant rhesus monkey. The original CF
monkey and two unrelated age peers (di-
agnosed with pancreatic and liver biopsy)

were created iatrogenically (accident) by a
selenium deficient diet fed to a normal
breeding group of monkeys at the Yerke's
Regional Primate Research Center destined
for NASA space programs.

The diagnosis in the rhesus monkeys
was confirmed by pediatric pathologists,
considered to be experts on CF, from Grady
Memorial Hospital, Emory University, At-
Janta, GA; Department of Pathology, Johns
Hopkins School of Medicine, Baltimore ,
MD; Department of Pathology, Chicago-
Lying-In Hospital, School of Medicine,
University of Chicago.

There was great excitement by everyone,
including representatives of the CF Foun-
dation until they learned that the CF in the
monkeys could be reproduced with a sele-
nium deficient diet. When the proposal was
put forth that the pathognomonic (unique
identifying changes) pancreatic lesions of
CF, as well as the liver and heart changes
of CF were in fact the result of a prenatal
selenium deficiency, everyone came un-
glued - CF was a “genetic” disease and that
was that!

The original proposal that CF could be
caused by a prenatal selenium deficiency
was based on a computer literature search
of veterinary journals for tissue changes
of pure selenium deficiency in a vari-
ety of laboratory species and personal
observations of the pancreas, liver,
heart, etc. of the selenium deficient
monkeys.

In 1958, important nutrition papers
were published presenting the rat and
mouse as models for the essentiality of se-
lenium in nutrition. In 1972, the chick
model for selenium deficiency was intro-
duced. In the case of the chicks, congenital
selenium deficiency produced the most

151

creas. When these CF chicks were given
selenium in the first 30 days after hatching
the CF disease was totally reversible!!

Wondrous results have been observed
and reported in CF patients faithfully
supplementing with the 90 essential nutri-
ents including colloidal selenium.

A review of over 350 published autopsy
reports of CF patients revealed 79 reports
of a unique cardiomyopathy identical with
the cardiomyopathy of Chinese children in
Keshan Province of the Peoples Republic
of China. The cardiomyopathy in China
was identified with and related to a sele-
nium deficiency of the soil in Keshan Prov-
ince by the WHO.

A review of 1,750 cases of Keshan Dis-
ease (KSD) in China revealed CF changes
in 595 or 35% - for a “genetic” disease of
white middle Europeans CF sure jumps
around!!

Large scale, double-blind supplementa-
tion studies confirmed the original theory
of a selenium deficiency cause for KSD.

From 1974 to 1977, preschool and school-age children were divided into two groups. Group one was made up of 36,603 children whose diets were supplemented with 1 mg sodium selenite orally three times per week; group two was a control group of 9,430 children given a sugar tablet placebo. At the end of a three year study, the rate of KSD in the selenium supplemented group dropped from 13/1,000 children to 1/1,000 children; the rate of KSD in the control group remained at 13/1,000. Continued long term studies, eventually involving over 500,000 participants, confirmed that supplemental selenium was specific for the prevention of KSD!!

Muscular dystrophy (MD) is another
crime against the American people by the
“orthodox” medical doctors for reasons of
money - if the total truth was shared with
the public, muscular dystrophy would be
totally preventable but a whole medical
specialty would be wiped out!!! As crazy
as this seems, look at the veterinary indus-
try where muscle is “king” (i.e.- pork chops,
beef steak, lamb chops, roasts, ground red
meat, chicken, turkey, etc.); muscular dys-
trophy (white muscle disease, stiff lamb

Table 7-5 . Age and Time as Factors in the Severity of Changes in CF

Tissues Newborn 2-3 6-12 Adult
Pancreas 75% ++ +t+ 85%
Liver 34% 26.8% 29.5% 29.5%
Lung 0% 50% 85% 100%
Heart 0% + ++ +++
Intestine 75% ++ +t+ 100%
sweat test (+) 25% 85% 85% 85%

152

disease, mulberry heart disease in pigs,
etc.) has been wiped out in the veterinary
industry by simple selenium supplementa-
tion to pregnant animals and rapidly grow-
ing prepubic animals.

In addition to the overt selenium defi-
ciencies in the American diet, the loss of
intestinal villi associated with celiac disease
(wheat gluten or cows milk albumin sensi-
tivity) frequently results in an inability to
absorb selenium even if it is in the diet.
The best assurance of adequate selenium
for a fetus is to supplement with chelated
selenium (selenomethionine) or plant de-
rived colloidal selenium.

Prevention is the name of the game with MD; the selenium levels in the diets and supplements of preconception women is important to the maintenance of pregnancy as well as the prevention of MD in all of its forms (i.e.- Duchenne {legs and back}, Erb {scapulohumeral},Leyden-Moebius {pelvifemoral}, Landouzy-Dejerine {facioscapulo-humeral}, Becker’s {benign juvenile}, and Gowers {hands and feet}), which are in reality artificial classifications of MD by groups of muscles initially affected by chance at diagnosis.

Keshan Disease (cardiomyopathy or
heart muscular dystrophy {“mulberry heart
disease”)) which is also caused by a sele-
nium deficiency (Fig. 7-8) should be added
to the list of muscular dystrophies.

Kawasaki Disease is a disease that has
two parts. The human infant born with
Kawasaki is born with a congenital coro-
nary artery aneurysm (a separation of the
middle and inner layers of the artery or a
ballooning of a weakened artery) which is
in fact a congenital copper deficiency, cop-
per being required to manufacture and
maintain elastic fibers in arteries as well as

other tissues. The second part of Kawasaki
disease is a Streptococcal invasion of the
aneurysm site - Streptococcal infection will
set up in the damaged artery wall following
a leakage of bacteria into the blood follow-
ing a Strep-throat infection or dental work.

Kawasaki Disease is totally preventable with preconception supplementation of copper (especially colloidal copper).

More difficult to understand than the
physical birth defects are the biochemical
behavioral, learning and emotional defects
that are preventable with preconception
nutrition. The principals for preventing the
“Bad Seeds,” children with emotional and
learning defects are the same as those for
preventing the physical birth defects. Chil-
dren without a conscience (sociopaths),
violent behavior, dyslexia, retardation, fe-
tal alcohol or drug syndrome, ADD and
homosexuality are all preventable for a few
pennies per pregnancy but expensive and
difficult to deal with after the fact.

Homosexuality was long thought to be
an emotionaV/environmental aberration cre-
ated in the child by improper role models
and improper parenting; then homosexu-
ality was related to a “choice of sexual pref-
erence.” There is now a kaleidoscope of
sexual behaviors, choices and displays;
however, none of the members of this ever
growing subculture can refute the fact that
there are only two sexes - male and female.

A series of preventable embryologic
events frequently result in physical and/or
emotional and behavioral aberrations.
These congenital defects can result in indi-
viduals who are neither male nor female or
who could be both male and female at once,
forming five commonly accepted classifica-
tions. Less understood is the increasing fre-
quency of “gay” individuals who are physi-

153

Fig. 7-8 Selenium deficiency cardiomyopathy in an infant rhesus monkey
(note massive heart enlargement) with cystic fibrosis.

154

TUESDAY, AP

RIL 19, 1994

ST.LOUIS ROST-DISPATCH

James Carlyle Thompson, 21;

Student At Unive

James Carlyle Thompson, 21, of
Kirkwood died Saturday (April 16,
1994) in Lawrence, Kan., after col-
lapsing at a fraternity soccer
tournament.

The Douglas County coroner, Dr.
Carol Moddrell, said Mr. Thompson
died of a heart attack caused by the
lasting effects of Kawasaki, a rare
blood disease he suffered as a youth.

After Mr. Thompson collapsed on
a soccer field at half time, fellow
students tried to revive him. He died
at Lawrence Memorial Hospital.

Mr. Thompson was a senior in ar-
chitectural engineering at the Uni-
versity of Kansas. He was a Summer-
field scholar, which is based on
scholastic merit.

Mr. Thompson composed music,
and he played the piano at the Beta
Theta Pi fraternity house. In 1992,
he served as musical director of the
Rock Chock Review, a campuswide
musical comedy show.

rsity Of Kansas

He attended high school in Hutch-
inson, Kan., where he was class vale-
dictorian. His parents, James Carlyle
“Pat” Thompson II and Margo Ly-
man Thompson, moved their family
to Kirkwood in 1989.

A memorial service was held Mon-
day in Lawrence. Burial will be pri-
vate at the Bellerive Heritage Gar-
dens in Creve Coeur.

In addition to his parents, Mr.
Thompson is survived by two broth-
ers, John Thompson of Kansas City
and Brett Thompson of Kirkwood;
and grandparents James C. Thomp-
son and Audrey Thompson of Mis-
sion, Texas.

Memorial contributions may be
made to the Burton and Doris Lyman
Foundation Inc., 1 Financial Square,
Bank of Kansas, Hutchinson, Kan.
63503 or to the Alpha Nu Chapter of
Beta Theta Pi, 1425 Tennessee,
Lawrence, Kan. 66044.

155

Researchers Say 2 Bacteria
Cause a Children’s Ailment

By LAWRENCE K. ALTMAN

A team of scientists says it has dis-| misaku Kawasaki, a pediatrician in
covered the cause of Kawasaki syn-; Tokyo who first described it in 1967.
|Grome, an ailment that often leads to| The first confirmed case in the United
heart disease in children, But experts | States was diagnosed yn Hawaii in 1971
‘on the disease said the claim might be | by Dr. Marian Melish of the University
overstated of Hawaii
| The findings, by scientists collabo-| | From the start, many researchers

rating n Boston, Denver and Minne-| have sought the cause of the syndrome
apohs, were made on 16 patients but| Some, like Dr Yeung, have reported
have not been confirmed. Their report | that it is a retrovirus. Others have
is being published tomorrow in The | pointed to various bacteria, and dust
| Lancet, a British medical journal. mites have also come under suspicion

The report attributes the cause of | But the cause has remained elusive.
Kawasaki syndrome to toxins pro-| In the new study, the researchers at
duced by two strains of widely preva-| the Floating Hospital found toxins pro-
lent bacteria: a novel strain of staphy- | duced by staph or strep bactersa in 13
lococcus and a streptococcus. of 16 children with Kawasaki syndrome

| and in 1 of 15 children in a control

Some confusion surrounded the re-| group. Toxins produced by staph were
port, however, because while the re-| isolated from 1] of the 13 positive
searchers explicitly claimed 1n a news | cases; strep toxins were found in the
release that they had found the cause, | other two cases.
they were considerably more cautious | The researchers said the toxins act-
in their scientific paper for The Lancet. |ed as so-called superantigens, which

If the team of scientists headed by | activate a number of components of
Dr. Donald Y. M. Leung of the National | the immune system, provoking an ex-
Jewish Center for Immunology and/ tensive and dangerous immune re-
Respiratory Medicine in Denver is cor- | sponse. Ordinarily, immune cells are
rect, Kawasaki syndrome will turn out | programmed to respond to a specific
to be similar to toxic shock syndrome, | antigen
which is caused by another toxin pro-| In their paper in The Lancet, the
duced by staph and strep bacteria. _| scientists employed cautious language,
| Causes Childhood Heart Disease | Saying the findings "may provide 1m-

Kawasaki syndrome generally
strikes children under the age of 5,
frost commonly under age 2 Experts| AN answer on
estimate there are 5,000 cases a year in

the United States and many more clse-| Kawasaki
where.

Kawasaki syndrome typically pro-| Syndrome still
duces a spiking fever that lasts several 9
days A rash can appear anywhere nn leaves questions.
the body but tends to peel around the a
fingers and toes. It also produces a
|"strawberry tongue" that makes the |portant new snsight into the potential
tongue rough and swollen lymph nodes. | infectious" cause of the syndrome.

Such problems generally go away on | But a news release from the New
their own after about two Weeks. But |England Medical Center quoted Dr
the syndrome can produce a devastat- | Meissner as saying, "The discovery of
ing and painless complication — aneu- | bacterial agent as the cause of this
rysms of the coronary arteries that disease represents a major step for
{nourish the heart. In Tare cases, the | ward in providing new insight into this
aneurysms lead to a heart attack Ka- |acute illness of early childhood.”
wasaki syndrome has replaced rheu- | Rae Canll
matic fever as the leading cause of ptimism and Caution
‘acquired heart disease m children, | Dr. Meissner said 1m an interview
some studies have found. that he “would not want to stake my

|Iife on this being the cause, but if | were

Inyections of gamma globulin into @ | berung person, 1 would sure bet that
vein can reduce the risk of ancurysms. |’yPicgsiFe tobe the case.” He said his
But tec tere ane Siagnostie [team had also produced compelling

test for Kawasaki syndrome, Jevidence for a biological mechamsm
‘questions, examining a patient and, af |O¥ Men
indicated, taking an ultrasound of the a nae
far She cases go undetected Ut |, cage AE shui Bea
heart damage appears tery

‘The researchers said their next goal |(#OUs about that. We want independent
has fo develop a test to help diagnose ("he fetish sid her tam atthe Um
Verne taewiet versity of Hawai had failed to find
Py ue peyrstay Gu Se aie TPs fp [evidence to support a similar theory in
[determine where the bacteria live iM |iwo studies since 1981 involving 90 pa-
the environment or how people acquire |iyents. A multicenter study is now Un-
them y

fe . der way, she said

Fo ant ee nB ogy |_.Dt Stanford T. Shulman, the chief
INterss Pros of theron [expert on pediatric infectious disease
Merssner, an author of the report ang |at Children’s Memorval Hospital m Chi

chief of the pediatric infectious |capo, said the claim for discovering the
“disease program at the Floating Hospi eee te ea cndrome was “an
tal a unit ofthe New England Medical |Sverstatement" Rut headed, its an
enter. intriguing association that needs fur:

The disease 1s named after Dr. To- ther study.”

156

cally normal males or females.

In firstly talking about congenital de-
fects,” intersex” is the medical term used
to describe the term hermaphrodite. A fe-
male hermaphrodite might possess one tes-
ticle and one ovary, a male pseudo her-
maphrodite could have testes and some
recognizable female genitalia but lack ova-
ries, and a female pseudo hermaphrodite
may have ovaries and some noticeable fea-
tures of male genitalia but no testicles.

The high profile sexual conversion of
“Christine Jorgenson” opened the subject
of intersexuals to the general public. At the
1972 Olympic Games, held in Munich,
Germany all female athletes were subjected
to a chromosome test. A hair from their
head was used to determine their genetic
sex -"female” athletes with the male chro-
mosome pattern were disqualified. Two fa-
mous Russian “sisters” (Tamara Press, the
world champion shotputter and Irina Press
the world champion Pentathlon athlete) re-
tired from world competition when the
chromosome test was made an Olympic re-
quirement.

John Money of John Hopkins Univer-
sity, a specialist in the field of congenital
sexual organ defects (defects that are found
at birth and related to mineral or vitamin
deficiencies of the embryo) states that
“intersexuals can constitute as many as four
percent of all births.”

Very few intersexuals maintain their
faulty dichotomy of sex and most are iden-
tified at birth and placed in programs of
hormonal and surgical corrections to en-
able them to blend into the heterosexual
society as normal males and females. The
goals of these programs are clearly non-
judgemental and humanitarian and are to
be applauded. However, the social and sur-

gical problems of intersexuals could be to-
tally avoided by proper preconception nu-
trition of the embryo.

The term “hermaphrodite” is a connec-
tion of the Greek male Hermes and the fe-
male Aphrodite. Greek mythology tells of
the gods that produced Hermaphrodites
who at age 15 (puberty), fell in love with a
nymph and fused his body with hers - Her-
maphrodites was a description of a male
hermaphrodite who was born over 2,000
years ago!!

In many true hermaphrodites, the tes-
ticles and ovaries develop separately but
equally on the right and left sides; in some
the gonads fuse forming an ovo-testes. Fre-
quently, at least one of the gonads func-
tions, producing sperm or ova as well as
the appropriate male and/or female hor-
mones.

Pseudo hermaphrodites have the same
two gonads ( i.e.- testicles or ovaries) in
concert with the male (XY) or the female
(XX) chromosome complement.

Male pseudohermaphrodites have tes-
ticles and XY chromosomes, yet they also
have a vagina and a clitoris and at puberty
develop breasts. They do not cycle or men-
struate,

Female pseudohermaphrodites have
ovaries, XX chromosomes, and sometimes
a uterus, but they also have some external
genital features of the male.

Because of the wide biological variation
in these congenital defects, there is no clas-
sification system that describes each and
every recorded anatomical intersexual. In
1969, Paul Guinet of the Endocrine Clinic,
Lyons, France and Jacques Decount of the
Endocrine Clinic, Paris, listed 98 different
types of true hermaphrodites, based on the
appearances of external genitalia and asso-

157

ciated tubes and ducts. In some, the inter-
sexual showed strong female development
with seperate openings for the vagina and
urethra, a a cleft vulva with both large and
small labia (vaginal lips). At puberty they
developed breasts and began to cycle and
menstruate; however, their oversized and
sexually sensitive “clitoris” when aroused
looked and functioned as a penis.

A second type of hermaphrodite exhib-
its breasts and a feminine body, they also
menstruate, however, their labia and vulva
fuse forming a well defined scrotum, and
the phallus (clitoris/penis) can reach al-
most three inches long. The most frequent
type of true hermaphrodite (55 %) described
by the French investigation have a mascu-
line body, their urethra runs through or near
the phallus which looks physically like a
penis.

According to historians, Plato is the only
recognised authority to have surmised that
there were “three sexes (male, female and
hermaphrodite)."

According to Plato, members of the hu-
man race were origionally joined in pairs,
two men, two women and a man/woman
pair. “Zeus cut each pair apart to diminish
their power and to teach them to fear the
gods. Humans thus spend their time on the
Earth searching for their other half, with
whom they can merge in love.”

“The disposition of these people dif-
fered,” Plato wrote, “according to original
pairing: those whose sex had been mixed
were obsessed by coupling and often be-
came adulterers, where as people sprung
from single - sex pairs were more fitted for
the everyday business of the world. In par-
ticular men whose bond was with another
man were most suited for government and
leadership!” Thus Plato gave the first in-

terpretation of the origin of homosexual
behavior.

In ancient times, the penalty for those
poor souls with congenital intersex birth
defects could be death. In the 1600's, a
Scottish hermaphrodite living as a woman
was buried alive as a witch after getting
“her” bosses daughter pregnant.

In 1937, Hugh H. Young, a urologist at
John Hopkins, published “Genital Abnor-
malities, Hermaphraditism and Related
Adrenal Diseases,” in which he accumu-
lated many cases of intersexual “accidents
of birth.” One of the intersexual cases he
cited was a hermaphrodite, Emma, a “fe-
male” who had a penis-sized clitoris and a
vagina which made it possible for this in-
tersexual to have sex with heterosexual
men or women!! As a teen, Emma had sex
with several females, at 19 she married a
heterosexual man but “her” sexual rela-
tionship with “her” husband gave little plea-
sure, so Emma kept several girl friends on
the side!!

In 1967, Drs. Christopher J. Dewhurst
and Ronald R. Gordon wrote” The Inter-
sexual Disorders,” in which they state “in-
tersexual infants are a tragic event which
immediately conjurs up visions of someone
doomed to live always as sexual freaks in
loneliness and frustration.”

Veterinarians have a lot of experience
with normal animals that have unusual
sexual anatomy and also abnormal con-
genital defects as a result of embryonic
nutritional deficiencies. Marsupials, such
as kangaroos, wallabies and mouse
opposums for example, normally have three
vaginas, sperm may ascend any or all of
the two lateral or central vaginas and the
babies or joeys may be “born” through any
one of them. The duck billed platypus, a

158

mammal lays eggs in a nest!!

Many species of animals have multiple
baby litters that results in the embryos com-
peting for nutrition - the more limited the
nutrition, the greater number of embryos
that are affected and the more severe the
defects. Every known congenital defect of
the sexual organs of man has been recorded
in many species of animals (frequently
many different defects in the same litter if
nutrients are not available).

“Freemartin” is a term given to female
animals born as fraternal twins of males
(80 % occur in cattle, 5% in sheep and
goats); they are infertile and frequently have
congenital defects of the genitalia.

The Alfred Kinsey Report in the 40’s and
50’s listed homosexuals as 4 to 10 % of the
American population. More recently, Dr.
Richard Pillard, a psychiatrist from Boston
University, says 4 % of males and 2 to3 %
of females in the United States are gay.
Overseas, the latest reports indicate that in
Great Britain the level has possibly reached
25 % in the 90’s. The gradual increase in
the percentage of gays in America and other
industrialized nations of the world paral-
lels the gradual decrease in the mineral
content in our farm and range soils and
therefore our food supply.

“Gay” behavior also occurs in animals
kept through puberty in single sex groups,
similar to opportunistic homosexual behav-
ior that takes place in jails.

The current focus on the “gay” phenom-
ena has moved from that of a learned be-
havior or a “lifestyle choice” to that of a
prenatal biological event - in other words a
preventable congenital defect caused by a
deficiency of minerals and or vitamins in
early pregnancy. This 180 degree change
in thinking resulted from the finding of a

common physical defect in the brains of gay
men. This change in thinking actually
started in the 70’s when German doctors
felt that an area of the preoptic area of the
hypothalamus in the brain of gay men was
abnormal and they tried with surgical pro-
cedures to normalize the defect. The Ger-
mans were not successful and the study was
abandoned.

Pillard looked at 50 straight men and
50 gay men and found that gay men had
significantly more gay brothers. He joined
forces with Michael J Bailey, a psycholo-
gist at Northwestern University, Chicago
and they found that only 52 % of the
identicle twins of gay men were gay them-
selves (proving that gay behavior is not ge-
netic, for if it was genetic 100 % of the
identicle gay twins would have to be gay!!);
22 % of gay mens fraternal twin brothers
and other biological brothers were gay,
while less than 10 % of adopted brothers
were gay.

“It is a mistake to think there is a gay
gene” says Dean Harmer, a geneticist at the
National Cancer Institute.

Simon LeVay, head of the Institute of
Gay and Lesbian Studies in West Holly-
wood, California is well known for finding
anatomical brain differences between gay
and straight men. In autopsy studies, he
found that an area in the brain of the
preoptic area of the hypothalamus (center
of sexual appetite and sex drive) is smaller
in gay men than it is in heterosexual men .

In 1990 LeVay compared cells from the
medial preoptic region of the hypothalamus
(third interstitial nucleus of the anterior
hypothalamus) from 19 homosexual men
(all of whom had died from AIDS) with
those of 16 heterosexual men (of whom 6
had died from AIDS).

159

A primary concern with LeVay’s study
was the fact that some of the men died of
AIDS which affects and destroys brain cells.
However, other cell collections in the brains
of gay men in the study were identical in
size and character with those of hetero-
sexual men.

Another brain feature that shows a dif-
ference between gay and heterosexual men
is the size of the anterior commissure, a
bundle of nerve fibers that connects the
right and left sides of the brain. The ante-
rior commissure is smallest in the hetero-
sexual man and of identical size in gay men
and women. The two physical differences
in the brains of gay and heterosexual men
are most likely the result of a congenital
malformation of the physical structure and
or a biochemical defect - again resulting
from a congenital deficiency of minerals!!!

Roger A. Gorski, UCLA (1978) found the
preoptic hypothalamic nuclei in rats that
controlled sexual appetite. In addition to
size differences in male and female cell
groups, Gorski found that male hormones
play a key roll in producing the size differ-
ences in males and females. Initially males
and females have the same size and num-
ber of cells in the preoptic area - a surge of
testosterone secreted by the male fetus be-
fore birth appears to stabilize these cell
populations - in females the lack of the tes-
tosterone surge allows them to atrophy.
Removing testosterone from adult males by
castration does not cause a shrinking of the
cells!!

Combined with the study of identical
twins that failed to show a genetic pattern
(the rate of both identical twins being gay
would have to be 100 %) the LeVay study
is a sure indication that gay behavior is a
congenital defect rather than a genetic de-

fect or behavioral choice!!

A parallel study of 147 gay women who
had identical twin sisters showed only 48
% who have twins that are gay and 16 % of
fraternal twins of gay women are gay while
only 6 % of adopted sisters are gay - ap-
proximately the same results as in the
identicle twin study in gay men.

Simon LeVay’s findings agree with the
German studies of the 70's.

When viewed in the light of known
physical and behavioral sexual defects in
animals from multiple embryo litters suf-
fering from congenital mineral and vitamin
deficiencies (rats with 14 embryos to
“Freemartins” in cattle with fraternal twins)
where embryos compete for limited nutri-
tion, the high percentage (but not total) of
gay twins in identical and fraternal twins is
understandable. Human twins are compet-
ing for limited resources to a greater degree
than single embryos - therefore, more con-
genital defects in multiple births.

It is an easy mental jump to perceive
that one should be able to prevent the
congenital hermaphrodite and the inter-
sexual as well as the gay embryo with com-
plete preconception nutrition with 90 nu-
trients including minerals (i.e.- zinc, man-
ganese, magnesium, gallium, copper, etc.),
vitamins (B-12, folic acid, vitamin A),
amino acids and essential fatty acids. This
can perhaps best be discribed as insurance
against gay embryo’s.

“Runts” in multi baby animal litters are
the equivalent of low birth weight babies
in humans, especially when twins and trip-
lets are involved. When the pregnant
womans diet is incomplete in calories, pro-
tein, minerals and vitamins she competes
with her embryo for nutrition and the baby
will be born small, lacking vigor and lack-

160

ing a robust immune system, which de-
creases its chances of survival in the first
year of life. A low birth weight baby is a
heavy price to pay (both in health and in
extra days necessary in the hospital) for a
shortened delivery time to allow the doctor
to “get in and get out!!”

More serious than low birth weight is of
course birth defects and incomplete
seperation of twins.

The World Health Organization (WHO)
ranks Americans as 23rd in live births and
first year survivability for our newborns;
they rank Americans as 32nd for birth de-
fects when we are compared with the other
industrialized nations of the Earth - not a
very good record for the nation with the
“most advanced” and most expensive medi-
cal system (union) in the world!!!

POSTNATAL DEVELOPMENT:

After the human child is born and as-
suming it is physically and emotionally
perfect there is still a “genetic potential” to
fullfill - physical development, emotional
development, IQ, small muscle dexterity
skills, and height and longevity. The devel-
opment, growth and longevity of the new
born is not guaranteed by genetics if opti-
mal nutrition (minerals, vitamins, essential
amino acids, essential fatty acids, calories,
proteins, etc.) and nurturing are not avail-
able. The human child, even though they
are perfectly formed physically and chemi-
cally at birth, must still jump through nu-
tritional and biochemical “hoops” at every
developmental juncture and if any piece of
critical nutrition is missing at the wrong
moment the childs physical or mental de-
velopment, sociability, IQ, musical talent ,
athletic ability, growth and longevity will

be drastically affected.

The average American male is five foot eight inches tall and the average female is five foot four inches tall, even though our human genetic potential for height is is approximately seven feet.

It was not too many years ago that a six
foot tall professional basketball player was
a wonder to behold; today if the college or
professional team does not have a seven
foot center and six foot seven guards they
can’t compete (Table 7-6)!! It was the avail-
ability of calories, protein, and enough min-
erals that allowed men and women to fi-
nally reach their genetic potential for height.

Texans were typically over six foot in the
19th century, Americans in general were tall
compared to most Europeans and Asians -
yet Texans and Americans were not a ho-
mogenous genetic group, they in fact were
a mixture of every culture from every cor-
ner of the Earth - it was the relatively un-
limited calories and high quality mineral
tich food that allowed us to come nearer to
reaching our human genetic potential for
height than the European or Asian with lim-
ited calories, minerals and proteins.

One of our favorite demonstrations of
genetic potential for physical development
was an experiment in which 100 identical
ducklings with the same mother and father
(one keeps stealing eggs from the nest and
refrigerating them until you collect 100, then
all 100 eggs are incubated at the same time)
were divided into four groups of 25 duck-
lings each and fed four different diets:

1) lettuce

2) hydroponically grown barley

3) Purina duck grower pellets

4) Purina duck grower pellets
and barley grass

161

Table 7-6

Player (Ht.), team

Rik Smits (7-4), ind.

Dikembe Mutombo (7-2), Den.
Shawn Bradley (7-6), Phi.

Luc Longley (7-2), Min.

Rich King (7-2), Sea.

Gheorghe Muresan (7-7), Was.

Birthplace
Netherlands
Zaire
Germany
Australia
Romania
Lincoln, Neb.

Min. FG% FT% Reb

26.6
34.1
28.7
19.8
10.6
2.6

51
55
40
46

48
44

81
53

BI
1
1

x

OG way

3
3
9.
0

eas Dap eee asm Soper
Sizable 6 are tallest of tall

Six players currently on NBA rosters are 7-2 or taller. Washington’s Gheorghe
Muresan, at 7-7, is the tallest. Five of the six were born outside the USA, and only
Rich King of Seattle isn't a starter. How the Sizable Six are doing:

162

The results were spectacular (Fig. 7- 9 ), after one month groups 1 and 2 showed identical growth and development rates (almost zero); group 3 ducks were three times larger than group 1 and 2; and group 4 was twice as large as group 3 and six times larger than group 1 and 2 - only group 3 and 4 came close to fulfilling their genetic potential for physical growth and development at age one month; only group 3 and 4 were fed supplemented pellets that contained all of the known nutrients required by ducklings. The additional growth and development of group 4 can be attributed to more calorie intake because of the added juice of the barley grass made the pellets more acceptable or palatable and or the living plant enzymes of the barley grass.

A human parallel to the duck experi-
ment is the Japanese immigrants who came
to the United States as small wiry people
about 4’ 11 inches tall and weighing 100
pounds soaking wet - their genetic poten-
tial for growth and development was never
met by eating the low calorie rice, vegetable
and fish diet of their native Japan. The sec-
ond generation Japanese conceived and
born in the United States was a different
story - the son was six foot tall, weighed
220 pounds and played tight end for a uni-
versity football team - their genetic poten-
tial was met by having access to unlimited
calories, protein, milk and mineral and vi-
tamin supplements.

Physical output is another gauge of de-
velopment. American youth ranks very
poorly with the rest of the world - our aver-
age kids could win in a television watching
marathon but when it comes to athletics or
basic physical strength we fail. Few of our
fifth graders can do ten push ups or rur/
walk a mile in eight minutes - doing aerobics

weeeetee>

psseecetee

with Arnold Schwarzeneger without min-
eral supplements will not get the results we
are looking for - in fact exercise without vi-
tamin and mineral supplementation is
downright dangerous and could be fatal
(i.e.- Jim Fix, Reggie Lewis, Hank Gathers,
etc.).

Fortunately, it is never too late to start taking in all 90 nutrients required by our bodies. A comparison of two groups of marathon runners (one group received a mineral supplement containing Ca, P, I, Fe, Mg, Cu, K, Zn, Mn, Cr, Se, and a trace mineral rich clay containing a total of 72 minerals) showed an improvement in their average race times after six months of training in relation to supplemental intake. The unsupplemented group showed an improvement of 5:27 minutes following training, while the supplemented group showed an improvement of a whopping 16:57 minutes following training!!!

It is interesting that some groups of
people and some individuals reach the pin-
nacle of intelligence, high SAT scores and
high 1Q, including math, music and lan-
guage while others never do better than
becoming mental vegetables or work units
in our society - some completely drop out,
become the “Bad Seeds,” the homeless and
the unemployable.

The difference between the child
prodigy (i.e.-music, art, math, physics,
etc.)and the high school dropout is not ge-
netics or income level of the parents but
rather the nutritional (and especially the
mineral intake) competency of the child
during pre and post natal development.

Simply translated, for $300 to $500
worth of minerals and vitamins per preg-
nancy, to include preconception supple-
ments and monthly supplements during

163

Eeed

Fig. 7-9 Identical six week old ducklings fed four different rations
(from left ). 1) lettuce; 2) hydroponically grown barley;
3) duck pellets; 4) duck pellets and barley grass.

164

|

pregnancy and $50 per month for growth,
development and longevity, the unneces-
sary production of millions of low birth
weight babies and severely physically and
emotionally disabled children would be
eliminated - the ability for more people to
reach their longevity potential of 120 to
140 years would be realized.

Setting aside the unforgivable human
tragedy of emotionally and physically dis-
abled children as well as “Bad Seeds” and
all of the unnecessary human suffering, the
ultimate savings to the American public
over the lifetime of a disabled or jailed child
would range from $500,000 to several mil-
lions of dollars each, for an annual savings
to ourselves, the tax payers, in the trillions
of dollars!!!

MAINTENANCE
HEALTHFULLNESS:

The WHO ranks Americans as 19th in
healthfullness when we are compared with
the other industrialized nations. This
means that there are 18 other nations
whose peoples live longer than Americans
do before developing chronic degenerative
diseases such as hypertension, heart dis-
ease, aneurysms, arthritis, osteoporosis,
diabetes, cataracts, gluacoma, cancer, etc.

In translating the WHO ranking it sim-
ply says we wear out quicker than other
people and cultures do, not because of in-
ferior genetics as the “orthodox” medical
doctors would have you believe (if you be-
lieve “bad genes” are the cause of all dis-
ease from farting to cancer it lets them off
the hook of responsibility to solve your
problem) but because our soils are depleted
of minerals, thus our grains, fruits and veg-
etables are depleted of minerals, thus we

are depleted of minerals.

Additionally, our immune system requires all 90 nutrients (60 minerals, 16 vitamins, 12 essential amino acids and three essential fatty acids) to maintain and repair itself in order to protect us from infectious diseases (i.e.- colds, flu, Strep-throat, “flesh-eating” Streptococcus A, EpsteinBarr virus, HIV, Candida albicans, rhuematoid arthritis, Herpes virus, Hanta virus, Cancer, etc.).

Our immune system is very complex, it
defends us from attack on all sides and is

Table 7-7.
Componants of the Human Immune System.

WBC - Lymphocytes - T-cells
B-cells

Natural Killer cells
Neutrophils

Monocytes

Eosinophils

Basophils

Bone marrow
Liver-aloumin/globulin
Antibodies

Lymphatic system- thymus
tonsils

appendix

spleen

lymph nodes

Skin

Gastrointestinal tract

Tears

Mucus

Urine

165

PRESSED

THE NEW YORK TIMES

ceeeeetee

MONDAY, MARCH 14, 1994

|
| Susie Gary sat in her North Chicago

Devon Mills, would transform the hv-
|ing room into a basketball arena.
With imaginary fans cheering, Dev-
jon would do his own play-by-play as he
hit the winning shot on a makeshift
goal. Mills told his grandmother that he
was going to be a star one day and
predicted that television crews and re-
porters would flock to their home.
| As she told the story, Mrs. Gary was
|torn by the irony of how Devon's pre-
dictions had been fulfilled. The home
|had i fact been swamped by camera
crews and reporters, but, she said, “He
never thought it would be because of
something like this.”
| Devon, 16, had just finished getting a
drmk of water when he collapsed and
‘died after playing in a game for the
North Chicago High School freshman
|team on Feb. 12. The cause of death
|was an undetected heart problem.
“Sometimes | wish I could just wake:
jup and have 1t not happen,” Mrs. Gary

‘Deaths of Teen-Age Athletes
Raise Questions Over Testing

By WILLIAM C. RHODEN

home and recalled how her grandson, |

something hke this hurts.””

The sudden deaths of young people
hike Devon Mills do not receive the
|widespread altention that was paid
Hank Gathers, the Loyola Marymount
basketball star who died durmg a game
\four years ago this month, or Regge
| Lewis, the Boston Celtics’ captain who
collapsed and died last summer.

Bul for medical professionals and
school administrators, the deaths have
produced difficult questions: Can more
be done to detect hidden and potentially

Continued on Page B9, Column 1

said. “You just don’t know how badly

22,

Mrs. Meadows grew up in Troy,
Ill. She graduated from Triad High
School in 1990 and married her high-
school sweetheart, Michael W. Mea-
dows, the next year. He is in the
Army. They lived in base housing at
Fort Leonard Wood, which is in
She was
stricken at home Monday morning
and taken by ambulance to the hospi-
tal, where she was pronounced dead.

Mrs. Meadows was born with a
rare heart defect and underwent her
first surgery at Cardinal Glennon
Children’s Hospital when she was a
few months old. Her most recent

south-central Missouri.

operation was in 1990.

Heart attack blamed

in death of Marine, 19

Camp Pendleton

A 19-year-old Marine corporal died
Sunday, apparently of a heart attack,
while making a telephone call on the
base.

Base officials said CPR was adminis-
tered immediately, but the Marine was
pronounced dead at the naval hospital.

The identity.of the Marine, a truck
driver with the 3rd Battalion, 9th Ma-
rines, was withheld. An autopsy was
planned and the death is being investi-
gated by military authorities.

OBITUARIES

Autumn (Hawkins) Meadows, 22;
Had Rare Defect Of The Heart

Autumn Heather (Hawkins) Mea-
dows, who underwent four open-
heart operations as a child and young
adult, died Monday (May 30, 1994)
after a heart attack at the base hospi-
tal at Fort Leonard Wood. She was

Mrs. Meadows was a student at
the Drury College branch at Fort
Leonard Wood.

Among survivors in addition to her
husband are her father, Angelo
Hawkins of Collinsville; her mother,
Maxine Johnson of Collinsville; step-
mother, Colleen Hawking of Collins-
ville; stepfather, John Johnson of Col-
linsville; two sisters, Tricia Leverett
of Collinsville and Terri Andrews of
Fairview Heights; a brother, Scott
Hawkins of Collinsville; and three
grandparents, Chester and Gloria
Hawkins of Collinsville and Grace
Landert of Highland.

Visitation will be from 5 p.m. to 8
p.m. Wednesday at Herr Funeral
Home in Collinsville. The funeral will
be at 10 a.m. Thursday at St. John
United Church of Christ in Collins-
ville with burial at Riggin Cemetery
in Troy. Memorials should be made
to Cardinal Glennon.

166

made up of tissues and organs not normally
considered part of the immune system
(Table 7-7).

Chronic degenerative diseases that af-
fect Americans are totally preventable with
mineral, vitamin, amino acid and essential
fatty acid supplements (Table 7- 8).

The healthiest and longest lived cultures on the planet consistently consume high levels of 60 to 72 minerals with each meal, generation after generation - their reward is a drug free, crime free, disease free, healthful people who live long productive and joyful lives that have fulfilled their genetic potential for longevity!!!

LONGEVITY:

“Old age” is not a disease - it is a sad
fact, however, that everyone who dies of
“infirmities” or “natural causes” dies of
nutritional deficiency diseases - what a
waste!!

In a survey of Americans, most people
want to live healthfully to age 100 and are
willing to put out a lot of effort to accom-
plish this reasonable goal. Another survey
pointed out that Americans are also going
off of the strict cholesterol watch and again

eating red meat and sugar - after five to ten
years of national sacrifice and a collective
dietary fat and cholesterol paranoia (we
spent a whopping $117 billion for choles-
terol testing alone in 1993) our American
statistics for health and longevity have
changed little or none.

Longevity, regardless of each of our ge-
netic potentials for long life, in fact requires
a consistent daily intake of the 90 essential
nutrients (60 minerals, 16 vitamins, 12 es-
sential amino acids and 3 essential fatty
acids) required by humans if we are to ful-
fill that potential!!!

Remember, the average life span for
Americans is 75.5 and the longest lived
peoples of the industrialized nations are the
Japanese who on the average reach 79.9.
Americans rank 17th in longevity (Table 7-
) when we are compared with the other in-
dustrialized nations - again we Americans
fall short, not because of poor genetic make
up or the lack of “the right stuff,” but rather
from the lack of attention to the basics of
the flesh. If you want to get the 300,000
miles from your Mercedes that it was engi-
neered for you must put in motor oil, lubri-
cants and coolant - even for a Mercedes!!!

167

MONDAY, arrit 26, 1993

‘LIFELINE

By Mike Snider
USA TODAY

One in 4 elderly patients is
malnourished, says a survey of
health-care providers who
treat patients 65 and older.

The patients aren't getting
proper nutrients because of de-
ficiencies, excesses or imbal-
ances in their diets, says the re-
port by the Nutrition Screening
Initiative, a project of health-
care associations. That weak-
| ens the ability to fight off sick-

ness and recover from surgery
and illness, say most of the 750
physicians, nurses and admin-
istrators answering the survey.

The Nutrition Screening Ini-
tiative releases findings today
in Washington, D.C., including:

Malnutrition afflicts
1 in 4 elderly patients

> About half the elderly pa-
tients in hospitals and 2 of ev-
ery 5 in a nursing home suffer
from mainutrition.

> Malnourished patients are
more likely to have major com-
plications and more expensive
hospitalizations than healthy
older patients.

Nutritional assessments for
those of all ages should be in-
cluded in the health benefits
package that the White House
Task Force on Health Care Re-
form is now formulating, says
US. Rep. Ron Wyden, D-Ore.

The findings suggest that
many elderly Americans have
become “a walking bull’seye
for diseases (like heart disease,
diabetes, cancer) that target
the malnourished,” he says.

Se eer ae

168

Table 7-8. Common Degenerative Diseases of Humans and Their Cause.
Osteoporosis: Ca, Mg, B, Cu, S
Arthritis (Ankylosing spondylitis): Ca, Mg, B, Cu, S
Hypertension: Ca, Mg, B
Bone spurs, heel spurs, Ca deposits: Ca, Mg, B
Cancer: Se
Diabetes: Cr, Va, Zn
Aneurysms: Cu
Cardiomyopathy: Se
Cataracts: Se
Deafness: Sn

169

PRREEREED

Chapter 8

THE AGE BEATERS:

“I want to prove that the boundaries (of age) set up
by the gods are not unbreakable”

- Gilgamesh, King of Sumaria
Clay tablets, 5000 BC

The Fifth Essence

All species have a “genetic potential” or
upper limit for longevity - mice 700 days,
dogs 23 years, horses 32 years, elephant
45 years, chimpanzee 52 years and man
145 years (Table 8-1): whether or not an
individual of that species reaches their ge-
netic potential for longevity depends on two
basic concepts:

1) Avoiding the “land mines” or eliminating unnecessary and wasteful death from predators or road accidents, not smoking, not drinking alcohol to excess, avoiding the use of illegal (and prescription) drugs, avoiding chemicals and toxic wastes in our food, air and water and avoid going to the doctor.

2) Do those positive things necessary to make it to 145 including consuming each of the 90 essential nutrients in optimal amounts each day.

Assuming that you avoid the “land mines” of life, longevity then depends on how faithfully one takes in optimal amounts of the 90 essential nutrients necessary for health and longevity each and every day!!! An analogy to our “genetic potential” for longevity is the engine of a Mercedes which is a wonder of German automotive engineering - the engine is designed to run 300,000 miles before it needs a major overhaul or needs to be replaced, yet if you the owner/driver doesn’t maintain the Mercedes engine by supplying the essential coolants, lubricants and motor oil that wondrous engine designed to run 300,000 miles won't run 50 miles!!! Without oil or coolant even a Mercedes won't make it to its engineered potential ( “genetic potential”) of 300,000 miles (120 - 140 years).

The association between maximizing
one’s.longevity and the intake of optimal
amounts of essential nutrients is well docu-
mented in the laboratory for many species
and in isolated third world cultures in far-
flung areas of the Earth. While the people
of the long-lived third world cultures do not
each have a Ph.D. in biochemistry or nu-
trition they have by serendipity set up their
homelands in an idyllic biochemical Gar
den of Eden; and while these idyllic home-
lands are superficially quite different it is
their similarities or common denominators
that give the net result of healthful longev-
ity that we can learn and benefit from.

The oldest known story relating to the

171

SAN DIEGO UNION-TRIBUNE

Sunday, May 8, 1994

OLDEST AMERICAN DIES

ASSOCIATED PRESS

Margaret Skeete, shown here in a 1992 photo, died
in her sleep yesterday at her home in Radford, Va.
She was 115 and was bedridden since a fall three
weeks ago. She had been listed in the Guinness Book
of Records as the oldest American.

ee

OBITUARIES

MONDAY, MARCH 14, 1994
ST.LOUIS POST-DISPATCH

Wilhelinina Bonk, 104; Was
Native Of Chouteau Island

Wilhelmina “Minnie” Bonk, a native of Chou-
teau Island, died Saturday (March 12, 1994) of
infirmities on her birthday at the Hampton Nursing
Home in Alhambra. She was 104.

Mrs. Bonk was born on Chouteau Island, near
Granite City, and grew up and lived most of her life
on a farm near Granite City. She has been a
member of the United Church of Christ in Alham-
bra for over 50 years.

A funeral service will be held at 10 a.m. today at
the Dauderman Mortuary, Ltd., 609 East Main
Street, in Alhambra. Burial will be in the Salem
United Church of Christ cemetery in Madison
County.

Among the survivors are her daughter, Dorothy
Hertel of Alhambra; a granddaughter; and two
great-grandchildren.

Margaret Skeete, 115;

Oldest American

RADFORD, Va.—Margaret
Skeete, listed in the Guinness Book
of World Records as the oldest
American, died Saturday at her
home. She was 115.

Mrs. Skeete had been bedridden
since a fall three weeks ago and
died in her sleep, said her daughter,
Verne Taylor.

Guinness listed Mrs. Skeete for
the first time in its 1993 edition,
after verifying her age from an
1880 census that listed her as a
2-year-old, Mrs. Taylor said.

Mrs. Skeete was born Oct. 27,
1878, in Rockport, Tex. When her
husband died 41 years ago, she
moved from Texas to Virginia to
live with Taylor's family.

She outlived two children.

Mrs. Skeete was unimpressed by
her longevity. “I guess that’s
something, but it doesn’t buy me
anything,” she said at her 115th
birthday party in October. Her
daughter said she maintained a
craving for sweets until a few
weeks ago. —Associated Press

172

George Burns 98 year old and 87 year old friend (No exercise, 10 cigars a day!)

173

LOS ANGELES TIMES

SATURDAY, AUGUST 20, 1994

Two-Time Nobel Winner
Linus C. Pauling Dies at 93

w Science: Noted researcher led fight against nuclear
weapons and advocated large doses of Vitamin C.

By DAVID FERRELL.
TIMES STAFF WRITER

Linus C. Pauling, the only win-
ner of two unshared Nobel Prizes
and a prolific, visionary scientist
who led the fight against nuclear
weapons and became a controver-
sial advocate for the use of Vitamin
C to prevent cancer, died Friday at
his ranch in Big Sur. He was 93.

Pauling, who had been found to
have prostate cancer in December,
1991, was in poor health for several
months, according to the Linus
Pauling Institute of Science and
Medicine in Palo Alto. In one of his
last interviews, he was philosophi-
eal about contracting the disease
that was the target of much of his

Please see PAULING, A24

Associated Press

Linus Pauling in 1992

174

Educated, wealthy live
healthier, longer lives

By Mike Snider
USA TODAY

Education and income not
only make you wiser and
wealthier, they also are linked
to health and longevity.

People who at least finish
high school may live two to five
years longer than those who
don't, finds one of several stud-
ies in today’s New England
Journal of Medicine.

And another study finds the
poorest people had 3 to 7 times
higher rates of early death
than the richest.

In fact, the studies of blacks
and whites suggest status is a
more important risk factor
than race or even smoking,
says NEJ editor Marcia Angell.

“No one knows quite how”
Status affects health, she says,
but in addition to social and po-
litical costs of inequity, “We
are now learning that the medi-
cal costs are also very high.”

More findings from re-
searchers at the National Insti-
tute on Aging and National
Center for Health Statistics:

» Among people ages 25 to
64, those earning less than
$9,000 annually have a death
rate 3 to 7 times higher than
those earning $25,000 or more.

» Among people age 65 or
older, those who had 12-plus
years of education lived 2.4 to
3.9 more healthy years than
those with less education.

Education seems to increase
how long a person lives active-
ly and independently, says Dr.
Jack Guralnik, National Insti-
tute on Aging. Luckily, “educa-
tion level is a risk factor that
can be changed,” he says.

Tuesday, June 7, 1994

THE SAN DIEGO UNION-TRIBUNE

Margueritte
B. Nobles, 100;
voice teacher

Margueritte Barkelew Nobles, a
retired musician and voice teacher,
died Wednesday in her San Diego
home, six days short of her 101st
birthday.

Mrs. Nobles broke a hip in a fall
April 15, after which her health
began to deteriorate, said a neph-
ew, Tom Chapman, of Carlsbad.

Mrs. Nobles, a native of William-
stown, Mo., lived in San Diego 76
years. She served for more than 40
years as organist and music direc-
tor at the former First Congrega-
tional Church in San Diego and held
the same positions for more than 35
years at Temple Beth Israel.

She belonged for many years to
Mission Hills First Congregational
Church and the American Organ-
ists Guild.

Mrs. Nobles maintained a music
studio in her San Diego home, giv-
ing private voice lessons, Her hus-
band of 57 years, Orion E. Nobles,
was an executive with the Thearle
Music Company. He died in 1982.

Survivors include three nephews
and a niece. Cremation is planned,
and memorial services are pending.

cee ee

Baour, at 126,
chief in Niger

NIAMEY, Niger The old-
est, most famous and most
feared animist chief in Niger -
a man who people believed
could kill with a handshake and
send birds to wipe out crops -
has died at the age of 126, na-
tional radio says.

The radio said the chief,
known only as Baoura, died in

his native village
Monday and “ still in
posscssion of all his teeth.”

It said the spiritual leader,
whose widely practiced reli-
gion is based on the beiief that
all natural phenomena have
souls, was liked and respected
hut also feared because of his
great powers.

The government-run station
said he had been knowr to send
crickets to devastate harvests
if people wronged him.

4 Bagagi on

—aP

ee NH

8 Count Edward Raczynskl; Former Polish Diplomat to Great Britain

Count Edward Raczynski, 101, the aristocratic Polish diplomat who was
ambassador to Britain at the outbreak of World War II and a member of
the wartime Polish government-in-exile. Raczynski witnessed the rise
and fall of Communism, and saw his native country pass from German
occupation to Soviet control to multi-party democracy. He never returned
home after the war. Raczynski was ambassador in London from 1934 to
1945. During the war, he was acting foreign affairs minister in the
London-based exiled Polish government and then minister of state in
charge of foreign affairs. The British government withdrew its recognition
of the government in July, 1945, following the Yalta Conference at which
Britain, the United States and Soviet Union agreed to recognize a rival,
Soviet-backed government. He felt betrayed, but continued to help settle
Polish refugees in Britain. Raczynski began his diplomatic career after
World War I and served in Copenhagen, Warsaw, Geneva and London. In
London on Friday.

176

Friday, July 23, 1993

THE SAN DIEGO UNION-TRIBUNE

Man said to be 133
dies from a stroke

REUTERS

DAMASCUS, Syria — A Syrian
man who fathered nine children
with a wife he married when he was.
80 has died at the age of 133, the
official news agency SANA said
yesterday.

Hamoudi al-Abdullah, whose age
if authenticated would have made
him the oldest human in modern
records, died from a_ stroke
Wednesday. SANA said the man,
from the northern town of Qamish-
li, had married for a fourth time at
the age of 80, after which he fa-
thered four boys and five girls.

The Guinness Book of Records
lists the world’s oldest living person
as Jeanne Calment of France, who
celebrated her 118th birthday in
February. It says the greatest au-
thenticated age to which a human
has lived was 120 years 237 days in
the case of Shigechiyo Izumi of Ja-
pan, who died in 1986.

177

Life expectancy
in 32 countries

Rankings of developed coun-
tries, according to the Centers
for Disease Control.

Country Age
Japan 79.1
Switz, 77.6
leeland 77.4
Sweden 77.1
Spain 7
Canada_76.5
Greece 76.5
Neth, 765
Australia 76.3
Norway 76.3

| France 75.
W. Germ.7:
Italy 75.
Britain 75.3
Israel 75.2
Austria 75.1

Portugal _74.
ireland
E. Germ. 73.
Bulgaria

Czech
Poland

Yugo.
Romania 69.
USSR.

The San Diego Union

Friday, April 6, 1990

The Sn Diego inion A-13

US. is 17th on life-expectancy list

Average for Americans is 75 years; Japan leads at 79.1

Associated Press

ATLANTA — The United States
ranks 17th in average life expectancy
on a list of 33 developed nations,
while Japan holds the lead, the U.S.
Centers for Disease Control reported
yesterday.

The average US. life expectancy
of 75 years trails Japan's life expect-
ancy by 4.1 years, but beats the low-
est of the group, Hungary, hy more
than five years. The average Hungar-
ian lives 69.7 years, the CDC said

The United States also ranked near
the middle of the 33 nations in death
rates from all causes; 8284 deaths
are reported in the United States for
each 100,000 people each year. Japan
was best at 6288, and Romania was
worst at 1,242.

The leading cause of death in the
United States, heart disease, hits
harder here than in other countries.
The U.S. mortality rate from heart
disease was 382 per’ ]00,000 per year
for men and 214 for women, com-
pared with 339 and 206 in the other 32

developed countries.

Throughout the 33 countries, heart
disease accounted for 30 percent of
all deaths, with cancer causing 21
percent and stroke causing 14 per-
cent.

The CDC study included countries
defined as developed according to a
1963 United Nations standard pegged
to reproductive rates: countries
where the average woman has fewer
than two daughters who, themselves,
survive their childbearing years
Such areas include the United States
and Canada, the Soviet Union, most
of Europe, some Latin American na-
tions, Japan and Australia.

Fourteen percent of all deaths in
the 33 countries — about 1.5 million a
year — are attributed to smoking,
the CDC said And fewer Americans
smoke, compared with the other
countries, 31 percent of U.S. males
and 26 percent of American females
smoke, compared with 41 percent of
men and 29 percent of women in the
other countries.

“The large number of deaths at-
tributable to cigarette smoking indi-
cates that reduction of this risk fac-
tor would substantially increase life
expectancy in the developed world,”
the Atlanta-hased CDC said

178

Life expectancy hits a record 75.4 years

By Tim Friend
USA TODAY

Life expectancy in the USA contin-
ued to climb in the ’80s. But a darker
picture of more deaths by homicide
and infection with HIV, the AIDS vi-
tus, is emerging for younger genera-
tions, federal statistics show.

New figures out Thursday from
the Advance Report of Final Mortal-
ity Statistics, 1990, show overall life
expectancy reached a record high of
75.4 years, up from 75.1 in 1989.

For women, longevity remained
higher than for men: 78.8 years vs.
71.8 years. But white men made the

strongest gains in the 1980s, while
black men lagged far behind.

The average white male life span
rose from 70.7 to 72.7 years from
1980 to 1990. For black males, it rose
from 63.8 in 1980 to 64.5 in 1981, then
stayed the same through 1990.

Sandra Smith, National Center for
Health Statistics, says the extra two
years are due to declines in heart dis-
ease, stroke and accidents.

But for younger age groups, life
became more tenuous because of
HIV and homicide. Overall, HIV was
the 10th leading cause of death in
1990 and provisional data show it
moved to ninth place in 1991. Death

rates rose 14% from 1989 to 1990.
For males of all races, HIV was the
eighth leading cause of death.

For people ages 15 to 24, HIV be-
came the sixth leading cause of
death; third for those ages 25 to 44,
says report author Brenda Gillum.

After accidents, homicide was the
second leading cause of death for
ages 15 to 24. Among the men, death
rates rose 23% from 1989 to 1990.

“Both homicide and HIV infection
are continuing to increase in youn-
ger age groups,” Gillum says. “These
trends are very worrisome and
should be carefully monitored by
public health people.”

179

Che New ork Cimes

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 1, 1994

Susie Brunson
Perhaps the Oldest American, 123

WILMINGTON, N.C., Nov. 30
(AP) — Susie Garvin Daniels Brun-
son, who may have been the oldest
American, died on Tuesday at New
Hanover Regional Medical Center
here.

Her family put her age at 123. She
lived with her family in Roosevelt,
L.I., until 1987, when they moved to
Wilmington.

The family based its claim that
she was born on Dec. 25, 1870, in
Bamberg, S.C., on an entry in the
family Bible. The claim has never
been verified.

At a celebration in 1989, she was
asked how it felt to grow old.
“There's nothing bad about it,’’ she
said. ‘You're alive, aren’t you?”

She was married and widowed
three times and she had 12 children.
Two survive her. She is also survived
by seven grandchildren, 27 great-
grandchildren, 15 great-great grand-
children and 10 great-great-great
grandchildren.

180

active human search for the secrets of lon-
gevity is the 5,000 year old saga of
Gilgamesh, the Sumarian King from Uruk
who along with Enkidu, a good friend and
the general of his armies decided they
would live forever. When Enkidu, his friend
and general died suddenly of disease in the
mid-years of his life, Gilgamesh panicked
and decided to put all of his fortune and
energies into a do or die search for eternal
youth and immortality. Gilgamesh climbed
to the tops of the highest mountains,
searched in the dense forests and dove deep
into the depths of rivers and oceans in his
legendary and fanatical search for youth
and longevity.

Gilgamesh was originally regarded as a
gerontological myth until the discovery of
12 clay tablets that archeologists deter-
mined to be 5,000 years old. Pieced together
after their discovery in the ancient city of
Sumar, the tablets confirmed that
Gilgamesh was in fact a king, adventurer
and hero of his times who led a great quest
for the “key to immortality” - he called for a
“revolt against death itself!!”

As the legend goes, Gilgamesh eventu-
ally and heroically found a wise old man in
the high mountains, who spoke of a fragrant
flower that “looked like a buckthorn and
prickled like a rose.” The wise prophet
shared with Gilgamesh that the plant could
be found at the floor of the world's deepest
sea, and by coming into possesion of this
plant and tasting it one could regain his
youth - Gilgamesh located the plant, how-
ever, before he could eat sufficient quanti-
ties to rejuvenate himself, it was stolen from
him by a serpent seeking a new skin.

Hyperborean legends of longevity tell of
the Island of the Blest, where according to
the ancient Greeks Strabo and Pindar and

Pliny, the Roman, live “blessed humans”
with very healthy and exceedingly long
lives.

“Hyperborean” translates to “beyond
the north wind” - a wonderous legendary
place of health, joy and pleasures of the
unknown and a place of great difficulty to
reach. Many cultures still have deep be-

(Table 8 -1) Recorded Longevity
of Several Species

Species Recorded Longevity
Bristle Cone Pine...........+..+ 2000 years
Indian Fruit Bat ...... 31 years 5 months
Capuchin Monkey ..... 46 years 11 months:
Giant Anteate 25 years 10 months
Chimpanczee.......... 48 years 6 months

Gorilla eee 47 years 6 months
Orangutan .......ssecsseesseeeseecsses 49 years
Cloud Rat.. . 13 years 7 months

Chinchilla .. . 19 years 6 months
21 years 10 months

35 years 11 months

HYONA oes eesesssseessssseesssssseeeess OS YOAIS.
Bobcat............0 32 years 4 months
... 24 years

Elephant .. 07 years
Indian Rhino.......... 40 years 4 months
Wild Horse ........... 32 years 10 months
HIPPO oo... eecssseeeseee 49 years 6 months

cee eRSs 200 years

181

liefs in the ability to attain immortality by
masters and still embrace this “Golden age”
(i.e.-Hindus, Iranians, Celtics and Chinese).

The Chinese Taoists developed a whole
way of life to ensure immortality through
training and self-discipline directed at con-
servation of what limited resources one was
given at birth. Translation of Tao gives us
“the way,” the way to immortality. Through
the accomplishment or mastery of the Tao-
ist techniques one would become a “hsien”
or an immortal or marvgod. If you could
master the knowledge of primal substances
(alchemy and knowledge of minerals and
metals) and quintessences of life and sex
and become a hsien, you could control
physical reality and be as a master magi-
cian, course through the air as a bird, con-
trol the weather, take different animal
shapes as you wish, become invisible, be-
come immortal and thus in effect ageless.

The three basic truths of Taoism are:
1) Naturalism

2) Empiricism

3) Special skills

According to the Tao everyone begins
their life at birth with a fixed or given
amount of Qi or life force, which you must
conserve as a major factor in attaining im-
mortality. Conservation of Qi requires pro-
gressing towards a state of “effortless ac-
tion,” thus gaining optimal benefit in life,
health and longevity with a minimal expen-
diture of energy or Qi.

The Taoist techniques include respira-
tory, dietary (alchemy, minerals and met-
als), gymnastic, sexual and meditative -
meditation is applied as a basic for master-
ing all of the Taoist techniques.

To become a “hsien” you must reduce

your rate of breathing, on exhalation swal-
low the breath for nourishment, and while
the breath is internal, direct it on a specific
course through the body and cause it to
ascend to the brain, the main organ to main-
tain and rejuvenate because it controls all
others."

The Taoist dietary practices include
avoidance of grains, meat, wine and most
vegetables and subsistence on roots and
fruit - the master hsien are able to live on
“breath for meat and saliva for drink.”

The dietary, sexual and breathing tech-
niques are meant to prolong life long
enough to allow one sufficient time for
making the elixir of immortality - “potable
gold” or the mixture of cinnabar (mercuric
chloride) and gold.

Kung Fu was designed to be the gym-
nastics of the hsien or Taoist masters - its
function is to eliminate obstructions from
within the body to be exhausted through
the external circulation of the breath and
sexual essences.

In Tao, during sex you reach sexual fer-
vor to the point of orgasm, but you don’t
ejaculate - you meditate (in fact men lose
420 mcg of Zn per ejaculation)!

By mastering the Taoist techniques, the
successful apprentice alters his physical
body into a purer, more esoteric form - “the
bones become as gold, the skin as jade,
and further transformation takes you to-
ward the state of the transparent diamond
body of a hsien.” The final words of the
Taoist master Chao Pi Ch’en to his appren-
tice are found in his book, The Secrets of
Cultivating Essential Nature and Eternal
Life:

“The training should continue no
matter how long it takes until the

182

four elements scatter, and space pul-
verizes, leaving no traces behind;
this is the golden immortal stage of
the indestructible diamond body.
This is the ultimate achievement of
the training which now comes to an
end.”

The 20th century Taoists include the
practice of Chinese Chi Gong, Yoga, mind-
body duality and the body, mind, spirit
practitioners who use crystals, pendulums
and dowsing rods.

Roger Bacon in his Opus Magnus wrote:

“The body of Adam did not pos-
ses elements in full equality ... but
since the elements in him ap-
proached equality, there was very
little waste in him; and hence he was
fit for immortality, which he could
have secured if he had eaten always
of the tree of life. For this fruit is
thought to have elements approach-

ing equality.”

Bacon felt he could extend life by 100
years if he could “reduce the elements in
some form of food or drink to an equality
or nearly so and have taught the means to
this end.” For talking and writing about a
balanced diet and essential elements that
could promote health and extend life Ba-
con was put in jail for his heretical remarks!!

Paracelsus (1493-1541) came to his end
in a bar room brawl in the White Horse Inn
in Salzburg, Germany - he straddled the end
of the middle ages and the beginning of the
Renaissance, a university professor, a leg-
endary physician, a social outcast and an
insatiable traveler - he brought Chinese al-
chemy to its appreciation in the western

cultures as a ritualized chemistry.

Paracelsus described alchemy as “the
ultimate matter of anything, that state in
which the substance has reached its high-
est grade of exaltation and perfection.” It
was this state that Paracelsus felt could
provide health and extended life or immor-
tality.

The German physician, Christopher
Hufeland (1796) published the book, Art
of Prolonging Human Life (later changed
to Makrobiotik) which featured hygiene to
maintain health and the dietary and health
practices of Makrobiotik to attain longev-
ity.

Benjamin Franklin (1780) wrote a letter
to Joseph Priestly -

“Agriculture may diminish its la-
bor and double its produce; all dis-
eases may by some means be pre-
vented or cured, not excepting even
that of old age, and our lives length-
ened at pleasure even beyond the
antediluvian standard.”

Aristotle had labeled this state of per-
fection that would provide immortality the
fifth essence:

Earth

Air

Fire

Water

The fifth essence

CEASE

Alchemist Basil Valentine wrote in his,
The Triumphal Chariot of Antimony, how
to formulate the Elixir’s of Life and Immor-

tality:

“Take equal parts of this precipi-

183

tate and of our sweet oil of anti-
mony; put into a well-closed phial;
if exposed to a gentle heat, the pre-
cipitate will gradually be dissolved
and fixed in the oil; for the fire con-
sumes its viscidity, and it becomes
ared, dry, fixed, and fluid powder,
which does not give out the slight-
est smoke.

Keep reverent silence: for now
the king enters his bridal chamber,
where he will delight himself many
months with his spouse; and they
will only leave the chamber when
they have grown together, and pro-
duced a son who, if not the king of
kings, is at least a king, and deliv-
ers his subjects from disease and
want. When you have reached this
point, my friend, you have the
Medicine of Men and of metals, it
is pleasant, sweet, and penetrating,
and may be used without any risk.
Without being a purgative, it expels
all impure and morbid matter from
the body. It will restore you to
health, and relieve you of want in
this life; nor can you ever discharge
to God your obligation of gratitude
for it. | fear that as a monk and a
religious man I have transcended
the proper bounds of retrance and
secrecy, and spoken out too freely;
and if after all that has been said
you do not discover the secret, it
will not be my fault.”

Dr. Alexis Carrel (1912) grew fibroblasts
(connective tissue cells) from chicken hearts
in flasks fed with extracts of blended
chicken embryo and the cells kept multi-
plying and growing for 34 years (2 years
after Carrel’s own death). Carrel’s colleagues

got bored with the experiment and threw
the fibroblasts out. The experiment resulted
in the theory that cells are inherently im-
mortal if fed a perfect diet and kept in a
perfect environment. Carrel had won the
Nobel Prize for developing the end to end
anastomosis of blood vessels with fine su-
ture.

Unfortunately Dr. Leonard Hayflick
came along and used artificial media with
major mineral deficiencies for human fibro-
blasts - in his experiment (faulted from the
start) human fibroblasts could only divide
50 times before dying out and showing ac-
cumulations of lipofuscin (pigments of ag-
ing that indicate a selenium deficiency).
Hayflick attributed Carrel’s success to con-
tamination by embryonic fibroblasts from
the chick embryo media, rather than ad-
mitting that poor and limited nutrition pre-
maturely ended the life of his human fibro-
blasts. The 50 replication limit is known as
the “Hayflick limit.”

James Hilton made Shangri-La famous
through his 1934 novel, Lost Horizon where
people lived healthful, loving, productive
and long lives. The novel was made into a
classic movie of the same name in 1937 and
then remade in the 60's as a color film en-
titled, Shangri-La. In the original novel and
movie the people of Shangri-La attributed
their youthfulness, health and longevity to
a Spartan diet, peaceful attitude, a work
ethic devoted to gardening and farming
and a rich Christian faith and lifestyle;
the remake film version portrayed an
eastern type meditation as the basis of
their health and longevity which con-
tributed to the passion for Eastern
meditation by the “hippy” movement of
the 60’s and 70's.

The modern day “Kryologists” have
such faith in the technology of science and

medicine as a route to immortality that they
pay huge sums of money ($45,000 for a
head and $120,000 for a whole body) to
have themselves quick frozen in liquid ni-
trogen ( “Kryonic Suspension” ) after they
die to be “stored” until a cure is found for
their terminal malady.

The immortalists of the Flame Founda-
tion (also known as “CBJ”) believe that “if
you become cellularly alive, you will not
be influenced by the mass program of
death.” The immortalists, like Gilgamesh
are having a revolt against death. “CBJ” is
derived from the first initials of its three
founders, Charles Paul Brown, Bernadeane
Sittser and James Russell Strole. All three
are ordained Christian ministers who no
longer preach the word of God - they now
preach against death.

The immortalists claim an active mem-
bership of over 4,000 rabid followers and
have celebrated their 26th anniversary as
an organization in 1994. The CB}’s believe
“we die because we think we must.” To
“neutralize” the “death program” a strong
and equal but opposite action or belief is
required - “people reinforcing the idea that
you don’t have to die; to live as an immor-
tal people need to close off their ‘exits,’
things like a belief in heaven or hell or re-
incarnation or even holding onto a family
burial plot.”

When confronted with the fact that CBJ
members have died, the groups leaders say,
“they left an opening.” Investigative jour-
nalists have portrayed the CBJ leaders as
the Jim and Tammy Baker of immortality.

There are all kinds of food preservatives,
drugs and pharmaceuticals available that
are purported to extend life (i.e.- BHT, GH3,
Deprinel, etc.), yet there are no living cen-
tenarians who have tried these chemical

shortcuts to support the theories with truly
extended years.

There are all kinds of proponents of ex-
ercise as the progenitor of health and lon-
gevity. Human history or experience does
not bear the exercise theory out.

The great distance runners, Jim Fix and
Dr. George Sheehan, believed that exercise
was the elixir of health and foundation of
longevity and to that end they ran or jogged
10 miles per day, neither took mineral or
vitamin supplements.

Jim Fix, who started the whole running
shoe craze with his best seller, Jog Your Way
to Health, died following multiple
cardiomyopathy heart attacks (a simple
selenium deficiency disease - he refused to
supplement with vitamins and minerals in
the fervent hope to prove exercise as the
one true route to health and longevity) at
the age of 48 (when one fails to take min-
eral supplements, exercise becomes a nega-
tive - it’s like running the Mercedes with-

Then there was Dr. George Sheehan,
medical editor for Runners World Magazine
and a “runner's runner,” whose only con-
cern with diet and supplements was that,
"they didn’t interfere with running” - Dr.
Sheehan died of widely disseminated pros-
tate cancer at the age of 76, all that run-
ning, pain and sweat without supplemen-
tation bought him just six months longer
than the classic American “couch potato”
who averages 75.5 years of age.

The United States government has hired
and isolated 350 longevity scientists in an
abandoned military facility in Arkansas to
study aging and how to slow it down on
tens of thousands of mice and rats on calo-
rie restricted/nutrient dense diets.

Clive Mckay’s caloric “undernutrition”

185

[f eeeeeeeee ||
eee

(60 % reduction from free choice calories)
in the mid-thirties doubled the 50% survival
rate and doubled the known life span of
laboratory rats. Undernutrition (low calo-
rie intake) without malnutrition (diet con-
tains excess vitamins and minerals above
RDA) experiments show great benefit even
when the low calorie/high mineral diet is
begun in mid adulthood.

Low calorie/nutrient dense diets are not
for children as there is a relatively high
mortality on the front end of this program.

Table 8-2. Age of the Biblical Patriarchs at
Their Time of Death

BEFORE THE FLOOD

Cainan.

Makalaleel .. 895
Jared ... . 962
Methuselah . Sia)

Arphaxad.
Salah...
Eber .....
Peleg

Children will flourish and do well on opti-
mal calorie/nutrient dense programs.

Biblical patriarchs are notable for hav-
ing had great longevity (Table 8 -2); as time
moved ahead chronologically in the bible
from The Creation, the longevity recorded
for the patriarchs declined - did this reflect
the loss of Rare Earths from their soil and
thus their food? If so, how come the Great
Flood didn’t replentish the soil with silt,
reimplant minerals into the soil and thus
into the patriarchs food delivering health
and longevity? Yes, certain floods will bring
life giving mineral rich silt, other floods are
devestating in their effect by covering rich
farmland with useless sand and clay.

Anthropologists theorize the maximum
lifespan of ancient man based on physical
traits and cultural skills and assets:

“Missing link” - 43 years maximum
lifespan ?

Australopithecus - 47 years maximum
lifespan
3.4 million years ago

Homo erectus - 72 years maximum
lifespan
1.5 million years ago

Homo sapiens 100 - 110 years maximum
lifespan
100,000 years ago

The maximum survival rate or longevity for fish has been extended by 300 % in the UCLA laboratory of Roy Walford by maximizing the micronutrients fed to the fish as well as lowering the water temperature by just a few degrees.

Before the “Industrial Revolution” man

186

THURSDAY, MARCH 24, 1994

OBITUARIES

PETER STEPHAN, 50, founder
of a private clinic that prescribed
lamb placenta as an elixir of youth,
died Sunday (March 20, 1994) after a
heart attack at his home in London.

A homeopathist, Mr. Stephan in-
jected lamb placenta into patients on
the theory that it would replace dying
cells. He sold beauty products and
wrote books promoting lamb
placenta.

Mr. Stephan’s former partner, sex
therapist Dr. Brian Richards, was
convicted 10 years ago of trying to
arrange Mr. Stephan’s murder so he
could inherit the clinic. The police
learned of the plot before any at-
tempt was made.

187

Brian Wayne DeCelle

Brian Wayne DeCelle, 37, for-
merly of Sarasota, died Dec. 17,
1992, in Raleigh, N.C., of a heart
attack.

Bor Feb. 7, 1955, in Townshend,
Vt., he attended Sarasota High
School and was a graduate of the
University of South Florida in Tam-
pa. He most recently was a resident
‘of Raleigh, N.C., where he was ad-
ministrator of Stewart Health Cen-
ter in the Springmoor Retirement
Community and also was a certified
dietary manager.

188

as a species survived the “Age of Pestilence
and Famine” - from before written history
to the 1700's wars, famine and epidemics
of infectious disease combined to kill 30 to
50 % of the human populations of the vari-
ous continents. As more calories and pro-
tein became available, more cultures in-
creased their average age of survival - the
wealthy (including royalty, merchants and
doctors) always did well as they acquired
mineral rich food in great variety and ad-
equate quantities from far flung corners of
their spheres of influence.

The organized searches for new land,
herbs and spices, and treasure to support
the kings adventures always included a
search for the “Fountain of Youth.”

Ponce de leon was in fact a clerk on one
of Columbus’ ships that journeyed to the
New World with a Royal Charge to find the
“Fountain of Youth” if it existed in the New
World.

Despite “heroic” efforts by the 20th cen-
tury “health care” professions the maxi-
mum survival to 110 years hasn’t changed
for urban man since the days of ancient
Rome; however, the 50 % survival rate has

Table 8-3.
50 % SURVIVAL RATE FOR URBAN MAN

50 % survival to 22 years ancient Rome
50% survival to 40 years 19th century
50 % survival to 49 years 1900

50 % survival to 67 years 1946

50 % survival to 72 years 1960

50 % survival to 74.9 years 1990

50 % survival to 75.5 years 1994

increased 300%(Table 8-3).

Humans must come to grips with the
fact that if we are to reach our “genetic po-
tential” for health and longevity we must
become independent of our minerally de-
pleted soil and food and poisoned environ-
ment. We must not bet our lives on or de-
pend on the random distribution of essen-
tial minerals being in or not in our food or
we will surely fail in our quest for health
and longevity.

In examining our options for reaching
our maximum genetic potential for longev-
ity we have two control groups to evaluate
for an optimal and rational approach in
humans:

1) Those, who as a group do not take
supplements, in fact this group pooh poohs
the use of supplements and fully believes
one can get all of the essential nutrients they
need from “the four food groups” - this
homogenious non-supplement control
group is made up almost exclusively of
allopathic physicians whose average
lifespan is 58 years of age (the average
American lifespan is 75.5 years of age -
therefore for advice on longevity you’re
better off asking a bus driver than an
allopathic physician and statistically you
can gain 20 years by not going to medical
school!!!);

2) Those, who as a group do not take
supplements, yet live to be well over a hun-
dred years of age - this control group in-
cludes several ancient cultures which have
common denominators that are in fact the
long sought after “Fountain of Youth.” And
while there is some controversy as to
whether these people live to 120 or 160,
they do in fact do a much better job than

189

Y SNEJINKA STEFANOFF

COMPILED BY DAVID 8. MILLER
NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC ART DIVISION

190

[| zeeezeee ||

eevee |

we do in reaching their genetic potential so
we will set aside for a time the cynical com-
ments of the nay sayers (usually agitated
allopaths who can’t conceive of anyone do-
ing well or better without their modern tech-
niques) and get what positives we can.

There are five well-known human cul-
tures whose peoples routinely live to their
maximum genetic potential of 120 to 140
years of age - the fact that all five cultures
are third world countries is significant (the
longest average longevity for an industrial-
ized nation is the 81.1 held by the
Japanese).The Tibetans in the northwest of
China, the Hunzakut of eastern Pakistan,
the Russian Georgians (and their sister cul-
tures of Armania, Azerbaijian and Abkhazia
in the Caucasus Mountains) and certain
regions of Turkey, the Vilcabamba in the
Andes of Ecuador and the Titicaca of the
Peruvian Andes are all famous for their
large numbers of centinarians.

The common denominators of the five
long lived cultures include:

1) The communities are found at
elevations ranging from 8,500 feet to
14,000 feet in sheltered mountain
valleys.

2) The annual precipitation is
less than 2 inches.

3) Their water source for drink-
ing and irrigation comes from glacial
melt and is known universally as
“Glacial Milk” because the highly
mineralized water is opaque and
whitish in color like milk.

4) There is no heavy industry to

pollute air, water or food.

5) Only natural fertilizer (ma-
nure, plant debris and “Glacial
Milk”) is employed.

6) Western allopathic medicine
was not historically available to
these cultures (they avoided the
“land mines”).

THE TIBETANS:

The Tibetans were the inspiration for
the Pulitzer Prize winning book by James
Hilton, The Lost Horizon. Tibet's old people
are found on Chang Tang or the northern
plateau, elevation 15,000 feet, which con-
sists of salt lakes fed by glaciers from the
eastern slopes of the Himalayan Moun-
tains. This mountain culture has about
500,000 people who are devout Buddists.
The Tibetans are a mix of nomadic herds-
men, merchants of salt, farmers and great
cavalrymen on camel or horse.

Tibet makes up almost 10 % of China's
land mass and was founded in the 7th cen-
tury by King Songtsan Gambo. The Chinese
government took over Tibet in 1950 by
sending a large army to establish a military
governer. Since 1965 the region has been
administered and known as the Tibetan
Autonomous Region (T.A.R.) of China.

The herdsmen build their corrals, huts
and roads out of salt bricks carefully cut
from dried salt lakes on the top of the pla-
teau; they hunt Marco Polo Sheep, ante-
lope, gazelle, wild asses and yak.

The yak which translates to “wealth”
provides meat, sausage, milk, cheese, yo-
gurt, butter, wool, skins and animal power
for plowing, riding and to carrying freight.

The staple diet consists of “tsampa”, a

191

{ seeese¢] ———o-—————

smelly hand-mixed paste of lightly toasted
barley flour, yak butter, salt and black tea.
Tsampa is supplemented with turnips, cab-
bage, potatoes, trout, omelettes and beans.

Tibetans routinely drink 30 to 40 me-
dium sized cups of black or green tea daily
because the high elevation is extremely dry
requiring a high fluid intake. Each cup of
black or green tea is flavored with a chunk
of rock salt the size of a concord grape and
two pats of yak butter.

The Tibetan capital city of Lhasa (trans-
lates to ”Place of the Gods”) was the inspi-
ration for James Hilton's legendary city of
Shangri-La. The city is found at an eleva-
tion of 12,000 feet, temperatures can fluc-
tuate as much as 80 to 100 degrees each
day.

In the center of old Lhasa is the holiest
shrine in Tibet - The Jokhang built in 650
AD. The Jokhang is the “Mecca” to the Ti-
betan Buddhists - many of the faithful
would trek through the mountains for years
to come and pray at this holy site.

In the mountains west of Lhasa is
Drepung, a gigantic monastery that houses
10,000 monks, 25,000 serfs and assistants
working 185 estates and tending over 200
pastures.

The Potala, “high heavenly realm,” is a
sprawling mountain top palace of the Dalai
Lama (translates to “ocean of wisdom” and
represents the living prophet of the Bud-
dhist faith and the inspiration for the an-
cient prophet in James Hilton's, The Lost
Horizon) built into the mountain 700 feet
above Lhasa. The Potala is famous for its
1,000 rooms, 10,000 altars, 200,000 stat-
ues of Buddha and the eight gold gilded
tombs of past Dalai Lamas.

South of Lhasa are tens of thousands of
acres of terraces fed and watered by min-

eral rich “Glacial Milk” which originates in
the Himalayan glaciers and supplies an
endless source of minerals from “Glacial
Milk” to ensure the Tibetans will reach their
genetic potential for longevity.

Li-Ching-Yun lived to the age of 256, he
outlived 23 wives! Li of Kaihsien, in the
Province of Szechwan, China, was born in
1677 and died in 1933 at the age of 256
years (and was the inspiration for the 200
year old leader of Hilton’s Shangri-La). Pro-
fessor Wu-Chung-Chien, the Dean of the
Department of Education, of the Minkuo
University claims to have found records
showing that Li was in fact born in 1677
(the Chinese have the most accurate of all
census records in the history of man), and
that on his 150th birthday (1827) , he was
congratulated by the Chinese Imperial Gov-
ernment. Fifty years later, in 1877, Li was
sent another official congratulations on his
200th birthday. Fifty years later, at the age
of 250 years, Li lectured to a thousand
medical students in Beijing on the art of liv-
ing a long healthy life.

London Times May 8,1933

Telegrams in Brief-A telegram from
Chungking in the province of Szechwan,
China, states that Li-Ching-Yun, reputed to
be the oldest man in China and presum-
ably the world, has died at Kiah-Sien, at
the alleged age of 256. - Reuters

New York Times May 6, 1933

Li-Ching-Yun-Dead;
Gave his age as 197

“Keep quiet heart, sit like a tortoise,
sleep like a dog” His advice for long life.
Inquiry put age at 256

192

Black Sea

Elevations in feet

STATUTE MILES,

Los Angeles Herald-Examlaer, Wedoesday, Febrvory 12, 1975
Russ Passes 140th Year

MOSCOW (AP) — Mejid Agayev, oldest citizen in an Azer-
baijan village that numbers among its inhabitants 54 people
over 100, recently celebrated his 140th birthday, Tass repor-
ted Tuesday.

The mountainous village of Tikyaband In the southern So-
viet republic is described as ‘‘a village of centenarians,”
Tass said. But it is not uncommon for residents of the moun-
tains in Azerbaijan and Georgia to reach 100 years.

The Soviet news agency did not say 1f Agayev was the old-
est man in the village. It said he is alert and continues his
favorite occupation, wood carving.

Shirali Mislimov, an Azerbaijam farmer claimed to be the
oldest man in the world, died in 1973 at the age of 168,
Soviet officials said.

193

RUSSIAN GARDENS
ON 168TH BIRTHDAY

MOSCOW (UPI) — The man the Soviet govern-
ment calls the oldest in the world, Shirali Mis-
limov, celebrated his 168th birthday yesterday by
working in his garden and taking his daily half-
mile walk.

He attributed his longevity at least parly to
avoiding smoking, drinking and catnaps. “I never
sleep in the daytime," he said.

Mislimov, who lIlves with his 107-year-old third
wife, Hartun, in the village of Bazavu in the So
viet republic of Azerbaijan, was In ‘fine fettle.””
according to the newspaper Trud. The Soviet
press notes his birthday every year.

The reference to “'fine fettle’’ indicated Mis-
limov has recovered from a winter bout with
pneumonia, the first time in his life he had been
sick, according to the newspaper.

Mislimov says he tried smoking cigarettes once
about 150 years ago, but got sick after three or
four puffs and has not smoked since.

The only time he ever tried whisky, he ome
said’, was in 1831. “I thought I was buming in-
side,"’ Mislimov sald.

This news-
paper article
commemora-
ted Mislimov’s
168th birthday
May, 1973.

194

Reported to have buried 23 wives and
had 180 decendents - sold herbs for first
100 years.

THE RUSSIAN GEORGIANS:

The Russian Georgians as well as the
Abkhazians, Azerbaijanis and Armanians
are found at the timber line of the Caucasus
Mountains which have peaks of 12,434 to
13,274 feet above sea level. They live in
simple stone houses without electricity,
their blood pressure is typically 104/72 at
age 100, women continue to have children
after age 52, they typically drink an eight
ounce glass of vodka with breakfast and
have a large glass of wine with lunch and
dinner. Almost all of the “old people” are
from rural backgrounds or occupations
such as farmers, shepards and/or hunters.

This group of centinarians from the
Cacasus Mountains are found between the
coasts of the Black Sea and the Caspian
Sea and mountain villages at or above 4,500
feet above sea level. This region supports
over 500,000 people 4,500 to 5,000 of
whom are over 100 years of age:

)
)
++ (1/100)
(3/100,000)

1,844 in Russian Georgia .
2,500 in Azerbaijian
Vilcabamba ...
United States.

The oldest known living person from the
Caucasus region in 1973 was Shirali
Mislimov, at age 167 he still worked in the
village tea plantation in the small
Azerbaijiani village of Barzavu on the Ira-
nian border. They feel that youth is up to
80 years of age, 80 to 100 years is middle
age and 100 to 160 years of age are the se-
niors. Many married couples were married
over 100 years. In studying 15,000 people

over the age of 100, only the married indi-
viduals attained advanced age and still
have an active sex life after age 100.

Mejid Agayev celebrated his 1 40th birth-
day in February 12, 1975. Agayev was the
oldest living citizen in the Azerbaijian vil-
lage of Tikyaband that bragged of having
54 people over the age of 100 years!

Work relegated to centinarians included
weeding fields, feeding livestock, shepards,
picking tea, washing laundry, house work
and baby sitting.

Women over 100 years of age usually
had between 4 and 15 children during their
child bearing years.

The staple diet of the Caucasus region
includes chicken, mutton, beef, goat milk,
cheese, yogurt and butter, bread, tomatoes,
cucumbers, green onions, garlic, fruit, pita
bread, boiled corn meal mush (abusta), red
pepper, tea and wine and salt. Their total
caloric intake per day ranges between 1,800
and 1,900. Their terraced fields have been
irrigated with highly mineralized “Glacial
Milk” for over 2,500 years.

THE VILCABAMBA:

Ecuador's star shaped “Sacred Valley
of Longevity” (Vilcabamba) is actually five
valleys that converge and sit between two
Andean Mountains at 12,434 feet above sea
level. The western skyline of Vilcabamba
is dominated by the summit of Mandango,
the tallest mountain whose glaciers supply
the mineral rich “Glacial Milk” which is
used to irrigate the terraced fields. The “Gla-
cial Milk” originating from the high peaks
of Podocarpus National Park pours into the
Rio Yambala which converges with the
Chamba River which is also used for irriga-
tion.

In 1971 a census revealed nine people

195

196

over 100 years of age for every 819 or an
astounding one centinarian per 100
people!!! Miguel Carpio at age 123 was the
oldest living Vilcabamban found at the cen-
sus - he still smoked, drank wine and
“chased women.”

The staple diet of the Vilcabamba In-
dian includes corn, beans, goat meat,
chicken, eggs, milk, cheese and a soup
known as repe which is made from ba-
nanas, beans, white cheese, salt and lard.
Their average total calorie intake is 1,200
to 1,800 calories per day.

THE TITICACA:

Gucilaso de la Vega whose father was
Spanish and whose mother was an Inca
princess recorded (1609) the legend of the
beginnings of the Titicaca peoples:

“Our Father, the Sun, seeing that
men lived like wild animals, took pity
on them, and sent to earth a son and
daughter of his, in order that they
might teach man the knowledge of
our Father the Sun, and that they
might know how to cultivate plants.
and grains and make use of the fruits
of the earth like men and not beasts.
With these orders and mandate our
Father the Sun placed his son and
daughter in Lake Titicaca.”

Thus as legend holds, the first Incas
came to earth on an island in Lake Titicaca,
to start what was to become the most ad-
vanced civilization of pre-Columbian
America.

Titicaca is found in the Andean high-
lands of Peru at 12,506 feet above sea level.
The main city of Titicaca is Puno (popula-
tion 32,000); the people of the Altiplano

{88} $$

(high plains) are divided into the pure
indians and the “mestizos” who are a mix
of indian and Spanish.The treeless hills that
form the Altiplano surrounding Lake
Titicaca are covered with “pata pata”, or
the stone terraces built by the Incas to pro-
vide level farming areas, and as catchments
for the mineral rich “Glacial Milk” from the
great Andean mountain, Mt. Cardillera
Real with which they irrigated their crops.

Because the extreme elevation of the
Altiplano, maize or indian corn wouldn’t
grow in the Lake Titicaca region, instead
the Incas grew tubers never before seen by
the Spanish, “they supplant the lack of
bread with some roots they call “papas”
(potatoes) and which produce under the
earth,” noted Father Acosta. When intro-
duced into Europe by the Spanish the po-
tato became more valuble than all the gold
in the world. The Inca also invented a freeze
drying technique to save harvested pota-
toes for the winter, described in 1609 by a
Spanish Friar:

“To keep potatoes from rotting,
they leave them out for many
months to freeze. After they have
been repeatedly frozen they tread
gently on them, to press out the
moisture they contain. When they
have been well squeezed, they are
placed in the sun until they are thor-
oughly dry. In this manner the po-
tato keeps for a long time, and it
changes its name to chunci.”

The original indians of the Lake Titicaca
region are the Aymara; the Quechua who
still speak the language of the Incas were
decendents of Inca slaves after the Inca
occupation in the 12th century.

197

~vJiliaca

“Tol Arequipa.
185 miles

Direction of view of
photograph at right

Lake Titicaca

erarme wi
=e PRAWN FF SREJINNAS:
278 Ov Pet Oy nae o A *

£08 Awee Rio

 NarGNay EfSoRarci, Sagiety De sag wade ro
{

198

The melting glaciers of the Cordillera
Real, the towering Andean Mountain that
reaches over 20,000 feet produces a min-
eral rich “Glacial Milk” that is used to irri-
gate the terraced fields that feeds the
Titicacas and supplies the water to Lake
Titicaca itself.

When Francisco Pizarro arrived in 1532
the Inca Empire was in the midst of a great
civil war, making it easy for a small band of
Spaniards to conquer a kingdom of over
3,000 miles in length reaching from Ecua-
dor to Chile. In the early days of the Inca
culture, Inca referred only to the king and
not to a race or nation.

The ancient ancestors of the Titicaca
worshipped many gods; today they have
settled on a patchwork of ancient gods and
Catholicism that was injected by the Span-
ish.

Lake Titicaca itself is over 3,200 square
miles in surface area, 122 miles long and
47 miles wide - when viewed from a plane
the outline of the lake looks like a jaguar
ready to pounce on a rabbit, thus the name
Titicaca translates to “Rock of the Puma (or
Jaguar).” The effluent or Rio Desaquadero
from Lake Titicaca flows from the “head of
the rabbit.”

The Incas used irrigation ditches to
channel water from the lake itself as well
as from the “Glacial milk” to water and
remineralize their well manicured terraces.

Like all alpine habitats, the Lake Titicaca
area has a very little variety when it comes
to wildlife. Father Acosta noted in his early
writings that the lake held only two kinds
of fish, a large catfish and a minnow. The
catfish made up a major source of animal
protein for the local Indian tribes. In 1939
trout were released into the lake and to no
one’s great surprise they flourished. Within

two years the Indians began landing lake
trout weighing more than 25 pounds - the
highly mineralized waters of Lake Titicaca
produced a bounty beyond anyone's wild-
est dreams.

The Isla de Sol, the mythical birthplace
of the Incas is located 40 miles into Lake
Titicaca. Manco Capac and Mama Ocilo
appeared approximately 1,100 AD.

The Incas, much like the Romans were
at the same time conquerors and lawmak-
ers, engineers and very firm taskmasters -
"their totalitarian state was a benevolent
dictatorship.” Whenever the Incas con-
quered a culture they basically left it intact,
requiring only a tax in the form of salt and
that the conquered people worship the Sun
God. No one went hungry or naked but
nothing was left to free will.

When the first Aymaras came to Lake
Titicaca, they fouhd other Indians, the
Urus, already living on floating islands
made of Tartara reeds. “Whole villages of
Urus were to be found on the lake living on
their rafts of Tartara wrote the Jesuit Father
Jose’ de Acosta in 1590. The Uru still live
long healthy lives today and still refuse to
give up their Tartara islands.

The quinoa, a grain of Titicaca begins
to ripen in late April or May, it is used as
Europeans use wheat, barley is also grown.
At 15,400 feet the barley never ripens to
seed heads so the Indians use it for cattle
feed. The Titicaca shepherds live and work
at 17,000 feet.

The Inca “cattle” were in fact llamas or
New World camels that feed on moss and
lichens:

“There is nothing in Peru of greater value
and utility than the cattle of the land, which
our people call sheep of the Indies, but the
Indian in their tongue call llama,” wrote

199

—

[oactaaeteel|

Father Acosta.

The Incas also built 10,000 miles of
stone roads to provide rapid communica-
tion around Lake Titicaca. Messengers were
stationed every 1.5 miles and ran messeges
in relay much like a human pony express -
these warriors could relay messeges over
150 miles per day. Inca nobles also used
the roads to reach the Isla del Sol to wor
ship the Sun god.

THE HUNZA:

“The single most important food
as used by the people of Hunza con-
sists of dried apricots and whole
ground grain mixed together to form
a toddy.”

- John H. Tobe
Hunza: Adventure in a
Land of Paradise

The story of the Hunza began 2,300
years ago with Alexander the Great.
Alexander was the first born son of King
Philip of Masedonia. Legend has said that
“the night before the consumation of
Philip’s marraige with Olympias, she
dreamed that a thunderbolt fell upon her
body and kindled a great fire whose divided
flames dispersed themselves all about and
then were extinguished.”

“Philip dreamed “that he sealed up his
wifes body with a seal whose impression
was the figure of a lion.” Some of the al-
chemists and diviners interpreted Philips
dream as a warning to “look narrowly to
his wife;” however, Aristander of Telnessus
assured Philip that the meaning of his
dream was “that the queen was with child

of a boy, who would one day prove as stout
and courageous as a lion.”

Alexander was born on the sixth of
Hecatombaeon, which is called Lous by the
Macedonians - the same day that the
Temple of Diana at Ephesus was burned to
the ground. The temple caught fire and was
destroyed while its priestess was assisting
at the birth of Alexander. All of the diviners
in Ephesus ran to and fro beating their faces
and predicting "that this day had brought
forth something that would prove destruc-
tive and fatal to all Asia!”

Following Philips military victory and
occupation of Potidea, he received three
messeges simultaneously:

1) his commander Parmenio had
overthrown the Illyrians in a
great battle;

2) his race horse had won the course
at the olympic games;

3) and his wife Olympia had given
birth to a son - Alexander!”

Philip was overjoyed and he was as-
sured by the diviners “that a son whose
birth coincided with three such successes
could not fail to be invincable.”

“Alexander was fair and of light color,
passing into ruddiness in his face and upon
his breast.” From his early childhood
Alexander was energetic and eager, he dis-
played a love of glory and pursued glory
with an endless spirit. As a teen ager
Alexander was very bold; when he was
asked if he would compete in the Olympic
games, he replied,”! will if | might have
kings to run against!”

While still a boy Alexander entertained

200

wes

201

visiting royalty in the stead of his father.
The visitors included the ambassadors of
the king of Persia. Alexander asked,” What
is the nature of the road to inner Asia, the
character of your king, and how does he
carry himself to his enemies? What forces
is he able to bring into the field?” His for-
wardness and lofty purpose appeared early
in his life and the visiting royalty “looked
upon Philip's famed ability as nothing com-
pared to that of his son Alexander.”

Whenever Alexander heard that his fa-
ther had conquered a town of importance
or had won some notable victory , instead
of being happy, Alexander would tell his
companions, “father would anticipate ev-
erything and leave him and them no op-
portunities of performing illustrious ac-
tions.”

A Thessalian horse trader brought king
Philip a fiery war horse called Bucephalus,
offering him at a price of thirteen talents.
When Philip and his party went into the
field to try him out, they found him so vi-
cious and unmanageable that he reared up
when they mounted him and would not so
much as endure the voice of any of Philip's
grooms. They were just about to lead
Bucephalus away as totally useless and
intractable, when Alexander said,” what an
excellent horse do they lose for want of
boldness to manage him!” When Alexander
repeated this several times Philip said, “Do
you reproach those who are older than your-
self, as if you knew more and were better
able to manage him than they?”

“Il could manage this horse,” replied
Alexander, “better than others do!”

“And if you do not,” said Philip, “what
will you forfeit for your rashness?”

“I will pay the whole price of the horse”

replied Alexander.

At this boy’s answer the kings entire
company began to roar with laughter. As
soon as wagers were settled, Alexander ran
to Bucephalus, took hold of the bridle,
turned him directly into the sun ( Alexander
had observed the horse was shying from
his own shadow). He let the horse move
forward a little, still keeping the reins in
hand he stroked him gently; when the horse
grew eager and fiery, “he let fall his upper
garment softly and with one nimble leap
securely mounted him; when he was seated,
little by little he drew in the bridle and
curbed him without either striking or spur-
ring him. Presently, when he found him free
from all rebelliousness and only impatient
for the course, he let him go at full speed,
inciting him with a commanding voice and
urging also with his heel.”

King Philip and his court looked on, first
in silence then nervousness until, seeing
him turn at the end of the course and re-
turn rejoicing and waving in triumph - they
all burst into cheers and applause. Philip,
shedding tears of joy and pride, kissed
Alexander as the boy dismounted and said,
“Oh my son, look for a kingdom equal to
and worthy of thyself, for Macedonia is too
little for thee!”

Philip now looked upon the instruction
of Alexander to be of greater importance
than to be entrusted to ordinary masters of
music, poetry and typical school subjects,
and to require as Sophocles stated, “The
bridle and the rudder, too.”

Philip sent for Aristotle, the most learned
and most celebrated Greek philosopher and
scholar of his time. Philip rewarded Aristotle
with “a munificence proportionate with the
private tutelage of his son prince
Alexander.”

202

Aristotle taught Alexander his doctrine
of morals and politics, herbal medicine, al-
chemy and abstract and profound theories
only shared by philosophers amongst them-
selves. Alexander as a student had a fever-
ish inclination to practice medicine; for
whenever his friends were sick, he would
“prescribe healing diets and medication
(herbs and minerals) proper to their dis-
ease.”

Alexander loved Aristotle no less than
if he were his own father, “as he had re-
ceived life from one, so the other had taught
him to live well.”

While in Asia, Alexander heard that
Aristotle had publicly published several of
the oral treatises normally reserved for com-
munications between great thinkers
and he was disturbed enough to write him
a letter:

“Alexander to Aristotle, greeting,

You have not done well to pub-
lish your books of oral doctrines; for
what is there now that we excel in, if
those things which we have been
particularly instructed in be laid
open to all? For my part, I assure
you, I had rather excel in the knowl-
edge, of what is excellent, than in the
extent of my power and dominion,

Farewell!”

Later, while King Philip was absent on
his extended expedition against the
Byzantines, he left Alexander, now only 16
years old, “as his lieutenant in Macedonia,
committing the charge of his seal to him.”
Alexander refused to sit idling away the time

so he declared war on the Maedi and re-
duced them to slaves after conquering their
capital city by storm - not too surprising
Alexander renamed the conquered city
Alexandropolis!

During the battle of Chaeronea, which
Philip fought against the Greeks, Alexander
was the first man in the charge against the
fierce and sacred Thebams guards near the
Cephisus River.

Despite king Philip's pride and love for
his brave son they soon became enemies.
The straw that broke the camel’s back was
the marriage of King Philip to Cleopatra,
the child queen of Egypt. When Cleopatra's
uncle Attalus, toasted the marriage and
asked the gods for “a lawful successor to
the kingdom, Alexander became furious
and threw a cup at him shouting, “you vil-
lain; what am I then a bastard?” Philip, took
to Attalus’ defense, rose up from his brides
side and would have run Alexander through
with a sword but in his drunken rage he
slipped and fell to the floor. Being the
young cock, Alexander couldn't resist
mocking his father, “see there, the man
who makes preparations to pass out of
Europe into Asia, overturned in passing
from one seat to another.” Philip and
Alexander were soon reconciled by
Demaratus, a family friend.

The marriage between Philip and
Cleopatra was not an affair of the heart or
the product of lust for a flat chested gangly
pre-teenage girl but rather a political treaty
between Macedonia and Egypt - the
Macedonians wanted and got exclusive
rights to the highly mineralized wheat from
the Nile flood plains, wheat that was leg-
endary in providing strength and stamina
to the armies that ate it - Macedonia needed
this Egyptian wheat to support its armies

203

PREREEED

[eee

for the coming invasion of Asia! The Egyp-
tians wanted and got a peace treaty from
the Macedonians exempting them from par-
ticipating in the war with Asia and protec-
tion by the Macedonians from the Asian
hordes. It was a marriage made at the bar-
gain table.

However, the father and son reconcilia-
tion was short lived. Pixodorus, viceroy of
Caria, sent an emissary to make a match
between his oldest daughter and Philip's
son Arrhidaeus. Alexander's contemporar-
ies and friends convinced him that Philip
by a political marriage and important alli-
ance was going to transfer the Macedonian
Kingdom to his brother Arrhidaeus.

Alexander out of alarm sent Thessalus
as his own representative into Caria to urge
Pixodorus to change his mind and offer his
daughter in marriage to Alexander himself,
so that Alexander might be his son-in-law.
Pixodorus responded that Alexander's of-
fer was much more favorable to him.

Philip, enraged at Alexander's offer,
“chastised Alexander bitterly” for being
unworthy of the power he was to inherit,
as to marry a low Carian, who at best was
a slave of a barbarous prince. Philip fur-
ther wrote to the Corinthians to send
Thessalus (Alexander's messenger) to him
in chains; he also banished Alexander’s
closest friends for their part in the intrigue.

Soon after these terrible events, a
Macedonian named Pausanias was
stripped of his post and properties in Egypt
by Cleopatra and her uncle Attalus.
Pausanias, unable to get the decision over-
turned and himself reinstated by Philip,
became enraged and assassinated Philip.
The guilt for the murder of Philip was laid
at the feet of Alexander's mother, Olympias,
who was reported to have incited young

Pausanias to revenge.

Some accusing fingers also pointed to
Alexander, however, these suspicions were
dispelled after he captured Pausanias and
his conspirators and had them summarily
executed. Alexander was now 20 years old.

Alexander inherited a troubled
Macedonia, besieged on all sides with rest-
less and dangerous enemies. The barbar-
ians that had been conquered by Philip’s
armies were anxious to be governed by their
own princes. Philip had also been victori-
ous over the Greeks, however, he hadn't
had time to consolidate his battlefield gains
and win over to Macedonian law and cul-
ture all he had conquered before being as-
sassinated.

Alexander's response was to declare war
and he immediately invaded the heart of
the barbarian territory as far east as the
Danube River, conquering and overthrow-
ing Syrmus, the king of the Triballians.

The Thebans revolted and became al-
lies with the Athenians against Alexander.
Alexander ordered his armies into a forced
march through the pass of Thermopylae;
he sent the following message to the Greek
Demosthenes,” You called me a child when
1 was in the country of the Tribillians and a
youth when I was in Thessaly - I will ap-
pear as a man before the walls of Athens.”

When Alexander arrived at the walls of
Thebes he only demanded the authors of
the rebellion -Phoenix and Prothytes and
declared a general amnesty to all who
would summit to Macedonian Law. The
Thebans responded by demanding Philotas
Antipater be surrendered to them and in-
vited the Macedonian army to become
Greeks. Alexander and his army immedi-
ately fell on Athens, sacked the city and
burned it to the ground; then to terrify the

204

rest of Greece into submission he publically
executed 6,000 of the Theban leaders and
sold 30,000 lesser members of the Athenean
Court into slavery - only the priests and
those who had historically been friends of
the Macedonians were spared.

The ambassadors of Greece assembled
at the Isthmus and voted to join their armies
with Alexanders in his march against the
Persians and to prove their allegiance they
voted Alexander their general of the allied
armies.

Alexander's armies were actually the
smaller of the forces in the alliance - he
commanded 30,000 foot soldiers and 4,000
cavalry. After gaining a positive, "You will
be victorious” from the head priests of Ath-
ens, Alexander marched northeast towards
Persia (Iran).

Darius, the great warlord king of Per-
sia, had his armies camped on the eastern
banks of the Granicus River - the Gateway
to Asia. It seemed that Alexander would
have to fight at the very entrance to Asia
when he reached the western banks of the
river in the evening. Parmenio, military
advisor to Alexander pleaded with
Alexander to wait until morning as dark was
but moments away. Alexander, immediately
spurred his horse into the river and called
his army to him:

“They advanced against whole
showers of darts thrown from atop
the almost sheer eastern bank. De-
spite his lack of prudence Alexander
prevailed, he and 13 troops of cav-
alry gained the top of the bank where
they engaged in hand to hand com-
bat.

Alexander, easily recognized, was
attacked from all sides, his cuirass

was pierced by a javelin. Two Per-
sian officers, Rhoesaces and
Spithridates set on him at once; he
dodged one of them and broke his
spear striking at Rhoesaces so that
he was forced to defend himself with
a dagger; while engaged in this hand-
to-hand combat, the other Persian
officer Spithridates rode his horse
full tilt at Alexander and struck him
such a blow on his helmet with his
battle axe that it sheared off the
plumed crest and the edge of the
blade clipped off a large shock of
blond hair. As Spithridates raised up
in his stirrups to deliver a second and
probably fatal blow, Alexander's
leutenent - the black Clitus pierced
his body through and through with
his spear at the same time as
Alexander killed Rhoesaces with his
dagger.”

While the advance cavalry were en-
gaged in the dangerous hand to hand com-
bat the Macedonian foot soldiers crossed
the river and forming a great pincher ad-
vanced into the battle. When the Persian
advance force turned and fled they left
20,000 foot soldiers and 2,500 cavalry of
their own dead on the river bank. Alexander
had lost only 34, of whom five were foot
soldiers and the balance cavalry.

The overwhelming victory at the
Granicus River resulted in the surrender of
Sardis, the capital of the Persian maritime
province as well as hundreds of other small
towns and villages, Only the two cities of
Halicarniossus and Miletus held out;
Alexander destroyed them by force.

While Alexander was deciding what
route to take into the heart of Persia, an

205

ancient copper plate was washed up on the
flooded banks of a spring near the city of
Xanthus in Lycia. The inscription on the
plates edge stated, “the time will come when
the Persian Empire would be destroyed by
the Greecians.” Enthused by this finding,
Alexander took his armies to destroy Cilicia
and Phoenicia and then along the seacoast
to Pamphyia; normally this coastline was
rugged and pounded by great waves and
surf, but an unusually low low tide allowed
Alexander and his armies a speedy unham-
pered passage.

Alexander conquered the Pisidians and
the Phrygians at their capital of Gordium,
the home of the ancient Midas. Alexander
came across the fabled chariot fastened to
a pillar by braided cords made from the bark
of a cherry tree. The legend stated, “Who-
soever should untie this, for him was re-
served the empire of the world.” Alexander,
unable to untie the knot cut it through with
his sword. He then advanced to
Pophlagornia and Cappadocia, both of
which he destroyed.

When Darius, king of Persia heard that
Memnon, his finest officer along with thou-
sands of cavalry was killed in the battles
he decided to carry on the war with the
Macedonians in the upper mountainous
provinces of Asia. Darius Marched from
Susa very confident, number one because
of his superiority of numbers which totaled
600,000 men and number two in a dream
he saw the Macedonian army on fire and
Alexander waiting for him clad as the child
he saw when he visited Philips court ten
years earlier.

Darius’ confidence grew stronger as
Alexander and his armies remained en-
camped in Cilicia so Alexander could re-
cover from an illness - Darious mistook this

Ca

delay as a sign of cowardice in Alexander.
A Macedonian general named Amyntas
and two other generals married to Persian
women were in contact with the Persian
king Darius giving him Alexanders pro-
posed battle plans. When Amyntas learned
Darious was going to ambush Alexander in
the mountain passes he advised the king
to keep his larger army in the open plain
where his superior numbers could be
brought to advantage. Darius, instead of
heeding this advice, said he was afraid that
Alexander would flee and escape to fight
another day; however, Amyntas stated,

“That fear is needless, for assure
yourself that far from avoiding you,
he will make all the speed he can to
meet you, and is now most likely on
his march towards you!”

Amyntas’ advice to Darious was to no
avail, as Darius immediately marched into
Cilicia at the same time as Alexander ad-
vanced into Syria to confront him. Passing
one another in the night, they turned their
armies around toward each other;
Alexander took up position in the passes
using the sea, the mountains and the
Pinarus River to force Darius to split his
forces. Not to allow himself to be outflanked
by such a superior number Alexander
strung out his right flank much wider than
his left flank and fought there himself in
the forward ranks where he was wounded
in the thigh by an arrow. After putting the
Persian army to flight Alexander counted
110,000 dead of Darius’ army - unfortu-
nately Darius was not found amongst the
dead.

Learning that Amyntas and his two fel-
low generals had Persian wives and had

most probably given council to Darius re-
garding this last battle, Alexander sent
members of his personal body guard to ex-
ecute the three generals and their wives.
The generals in turn learned of the execu-
tion orders and thus forewarned were able
to fight their way free and with their wives,
fled northeast following the Indus River and
eventually crossing through the pass of
Babusar and across the 3,000 foot deep
chasm of the Hunza River.

The pass into Hunza is 13,700 foot high
and is only passable during the three sum-
mer months. This was part of the trade route
taken by Marco Polo on his return from
Cathay in 1326; over the 3,000 foot deep
Hunza River Gorge via a suspended bridge
made of braided goat hair.

The three generals and their wives
formed the nucleus of a warrior tribe that
initially flourished by preying on and raid-
ing the trade routes and caravans that
flowed from China to India and back again.

The Hunzas were not always known as
Hunzas; up until the turn of the 20th cen-
tury, the valley was known as the Kanjut
and the people known as the Kanjuts.
When the Indian Girkis tried to invade
Kanjut they gave the valley and the people
in it the name Hunza, because all of the
people in the valley were allied and united
as arrows in a quiver. In the Burushaski
language (a mix of ancient Masedonian and
Persian) the name Hunza translates to “ar-
row.”

The indiginous plant life of the Hunza
Valley was rather limited. Ninety-nine per-
cent of the original valley was bare rock.
Cultivated plants included barley, millet,
wheat, buckwheat, potatoes, turnips, car-
rots, beans, peas, pumpkins, tomatoes,
melons, onions, garlic, cabbage, spinach,

cauliflower, apricots, mulberries, walnuts,
apples, plums, peaches, cherries and pears.
Pomegranate trees are scattered through-
out the valley. They consume milk, butter
milk, yogurt and butter (which they put in
their tea and use as a cooking shortening).
Hunza children are breast-fed until two to
four years of age.

A large variety of indiginous wildlife (i.e.-
ibex or “Markhors”, Marco Polo sheep,
geese, ducks, pheasants and partridge)
provided the early Hunza with meat.

The Hunza does not cook the majority
of their food because of a lack of fuel (even
the animal manure is added back to their
fields).

The Hunza salt supply is mined from
hills near the Shimshal and Muztagh Riv-
ers and used in their tea and for cooking in
its raw brown state (the color comes from
trace minerals included in the salt deposit
when the ancient seas dried up).

THE 14 HUNZA PRACTICES

1) Basic diet is grains (whole grain and
sprouted), vegetables (raw or steamed),
fruits (fruits are dried and reconstituted in
water or diced and served in gelatin (goat
and mutton tendon and cartilage). Meat at
2 to 4 pounds per week (i.e,- mutton, goat,
yak, beef, poultry, brain, kidney, liver, etc)
is eaten as available; dairy (i.e.- whole milk,
soured milk, yogurt, cheese and butter)is a
staple; Grape wine known as Pani is con-
sumed daily.

2) Their farm soils are maintained by
organic agricultural practices,”That which
is taken from the soil is returned to the soil.”
Composting, plant debris and animal ma-
nure is turned back into the soil.

207

3) All Hunzas work seven days each
week (work never killed anyone) - to them
there is no sabbath! They work 12 hours
each day.

4) Fat sources include whole milk, but-
ter, ghee, apricot oil and animal fats.

5) Total absence of additives, preser-
vatives or chemicals in their air, food and
water.

6) Daily consumption of salt by adding
chunks of rock salt to their tea and in cook-
ing vegetables and meat.

7) No agricultural sprays or chemicals
of any kind.

8) All children are breast-fed for 2 (girls)
to 4 (boys) years (no vaccinations or anti-
biotics; no birth defects and only two her-
maphrodites or “mukhanas” recorded in the
2,300 year Hunza history).

9) All grains, vegetables and fruits dried
for storage have been exposed to the sun.

10) Native herbs are used for medicine,
seasoning and as food (salads).

11) “Glacial milk” is the exclusive wa-
ter source used for drinking and irrigation
purposes (the fields are flooded, when the
water soaks into the soil a thick layer of
mineral silt or “rock flour” is left on top of
the soil - this silt is plowed into the soil be-
fore it is planted).

12) Apricot oil is used for cooking along
with ghee (clarified butter) and animal fat
(tallow).

13) Whole grains are used exclusively -
no processed flours.

14) The Hunza eats a meager fare each
day usually around 1,800 to 2,000 calories.

The Hunza remained unvanguished
until 1891 when the British Empire con-
quered and pacified the Hunzas by install-
ing an Ismali ruler known as the Mir.

The average annual precipitation in
Hunza is less than two inches and the sur-
rounding mountains, the Karakorum Range
is only 300 miles long, the mountains are
bare, naked and metallic gray looking.
Mount Rakaposhi, 25,550 foot high over-
looks the 8,500 foot high Hunza Valley
along with more than 60 summits higher
than 22,000 feet (Table 8-4)! Mount
Rakaposhi is one of the most dificult moun-
tains on Earth to climb - it took 23 attempts
to conquer the summit of Rakaposhi. The
first 22 attempts failed but a British expe-
dition in 1958 finally succeeded in scaling
the nearly sheer face.

Maps refer to this Karakorum Range at
the junction of many countries as the
Pamirs - the Afghanistan Pamir; the Rus-
sian Pamir; the Chinese Pamir, etc. Pamir
translated from Persian becomes “Roof of
the World.” Tibet is often called “the Roof
of the World” however, Lhasa is at an el-
evation of only 13,000 feet and is sur-
rounded by summits only 18,000 feet high
or less.

A few miles above the junction of the
pearl gray waters of the Hunza River and
the Gilgit River ia a village called
Secundersbad; it is here that the Hunza
Valley begins; the Hunza Valley follows the
Hunza River up to its sources beyond

Table 8-4. The 25 Highest Peaks of
the Karakorum Range.

Name Height Above Sea Level In Feet

Haramash
Mukorum
Unnamed
Kampire Dior .
Unnamed ..
Kanjut Sar .
Unnamed
Unnamed

Godwen Austin (K-2) ve
(2nd tallest mountain on a land mass)
Masherbrun

Gasherbrun
Tera Kangri
Saltora Kangri
Unamed
Saser Kangri
Unnamed ...
Unnamed ..
Nanga Parbat
Unnamed
Unnamed
Unnamed ..
Rakaposhi .
Bilckhar Doboni.
Unnamed

25,550
20,126

Unnamed

Misgar, almost on the Chinese border where
it springs from glacial torrents spewing from
under the 5,000 square mile Ultar Glacier.

The Hunza Valley is barely 200 miles
long. There were no naturally fertile valleys
in Hunza as compared with the Willamette
Valley in Oregon. The Hunza Valley was
originally bare rock, the soil only being car-
ried basket by basket up the 3,000 foot
gorge walls and placed in hand crafted
stone terraces. This soil is continuosly re-
placed by hand from the mineral laden silt
dredged by hand from the bed of the Hunza
River 3,000 feet below.

Then there was the problem of water in
the barren “safe haven,” fortunately one of
the Masedonian generals was a military
engineer. He was able to locate a year round
source of water roaring from under the Ultar
Glacier 50 miles away; the Ultar Glacier
originates on the 25,550 foot high Mount
Rakaposhi. He was able to design and con-
struct a gravity propelled aquaduct which
carried water for drinking and irrigation.

The aquaduct was a wonder of engineer-
ing as it was made from grooved logs at-
tached together to form a 50 mile long
trough which was hung from the sheer cliffs
by steel nails hammered into the rock walls.

The water originating from under the
millions of tons of ice grinding on the par-
ent rock of Mount Rakaposhi was so rich
with minerals that it was a bluish white -
so white that the original peoples called it
“Glacial Milk.” For generation after genera-
tion, crop after crop and year after year for
more than 2,300 years the Hunza people
have drunk (Table 8-5) and irrigated their
terraced fields with “Glacial Milk,” unwit-
tingly assuring their people of an optimal
intake of the more than 60 minerals in the
“Glacial Milk” of the Ultar Glacier!!!

209

Table 8-5

CHEMICAL ANALYSES OF DRINKING WATER FROM KARIMABAD,
HUNZA, PAKISTAN (Data expressed as mg/! except for pH,

specific conductance and suspended solids.)

(2)
Si02 4,180 89,000
Fe 380 40,000
Ca 11,500 17,000
Mg 1,260 15,900
Na 760 2,100
K 5,800 2
As 0.3 -
Ba 43 400
Be <I <I
Cd 0.3 <l
Co <3 20
Cu <I 76
li VW 675
Mn 8 <1
Mo <10 1
Pb <10 10
Se <! =
Sr 32 8)
v 1 2
zn 2 85
S04 3,200 -
cl 300 =
F 60 -
HCO3 8,000 -
pH 6.98 =

Specific conductance
123 micromhos @25°C
Suspended solids, 396 mg/1

Note: (1) Clear liquid after centrifugation
(2) Aliquot after acidification to 12% HNO3 at 60°C

for 1 hr

210

In recent history, Sir Mohomed Nazim
Khan, K.C.I.E. (Knight Commander of the
Indian Empire), the late Mir (king) ruled
from 1892 to 1938 (a total of 46 years). His
successor, Mir Mohammed Jamal Khan
ruled from 1945 - it is said his grandfather
assended to the throne :

“He there upon had Taighoon,
Nematulla, and Misiab killed;
Sakhowot Shah and Ssahandor
Shah rolled down a precipice below
Ghulkin; then their mother put to
death and arranged for the murder
of Solan Khan in Shimshal, How-
ever, he allowed his brother, Nazim
Khan to live.”

He then sent a letter to the Maharajah
of Kashmir to notify him of his assent to
the throne as the Mir of Hunza:

“By the will of Allah and a de-
cree of fact, my late father and I fell
out. I took the initiative and settled
the matter, and have placed myself
on the throne of my ancestors.”

The Mir of Hunza and various kings of
the neighboring countries (Nagir, Punial,
Yasin, and Baltistan) supported the revolt
from India and joined the government of
Pakistan. The reason for the Hunza revolt
from India was an unwanted tax by the
British Empire.

History shows that the Hunza had a
stable and flourishing trade with China
through the neighboring Chinese province
of Singkiang. For centuries the caravans
moved both ways; the Hunza wanting rice
and salt paid an annual tribute to the Chi-
nese government at Kashgar.

The ancient Mir of Hunza owned huge
acreages in China near the Yarkand River,
where he grazed yak, cattle, goats, sheep,
camels and horses. However when the Brit-
ish came into Hunza in 1947, enough pres-
sure was exacted on them to cause them to
bolt to Pakistan.

“Two years later Colonel Bruce
came to Gilgit (capital of Hunza) as
temporary British agent and he told
me (the Mir) that the government
had decided that I might still pay my
annual tribute to China. To this,
however, I demurred as J pointed out
to him that having relations with
both was like sitting between two
stools. He, however, retorted that if
this was the case and one stool broke
there was always the other to sit on
and that no suspicion would attach
to me as long as there were friendly
relations between the British govern-
ment and the Chinese Emperor. He
did make one stipulation, though;
and that was that I should let the
political agent in Gilgit see the letter
that accompanied the toll before it
was dispatched.”

In turn the Chinese sent a contingent of
troops each year to Hunza with rich gifts
from China to the Mir. The reason for the
ancient tribute was clear. The trail through
Hunza is the shortest and safest route to
Gilgit, Rawalpindi, Pashawor, Kabul, Per-
sia, Kashmir and the Indian interior. The
Chinese caravan could only travel in safety
at the will of the Mir of Hunza. If the cara-
van failed to pay the tributes a few men at
the order of the Mir would hide in the cliffs
and would create landslides forcing the

ai

eal

bd

pe SS

freight-laden animals and the soldiers over
the 3,000 foot cliffs to their deaths. There
are 200 miles of cliffs making the toll the
easiest and most prudent way to assure
safety along the trail. The Mir had full con-
trol of his tribesmen so it was better to give
him half of the value of the caravan than to
lose it all!!

Except for the polar glaciers, the
Karakorum Range has the largest collection
of glaciers in the world. Millions of tons of
glacial ice (in some places hundreds or
thousands of feet thick) grind four inches
of living mountain rock into a fine “rock
flour” each year, which is carried in sus-
pension as “Glacial Milk.” No rock, no min-
eral or no metal is resistant enough to be
exempt from the grinding forces of these
millions of tons of ice.

The “Glacial Milk” ejaculates from un-
der the glaciers in great white water
“nullahs.” Thousands of glacial nullahs
merge and join the Hunza River, very
quickly the Hunza River joins the Gilget
River; the two great rivers now married join
the Indus River.

The Hunza and the Gilget Rivers are
purely glacier rivers, almost entirely made
up of “Glacial Milk,” whereas the Indus
River is a conglomerate of hundreds of
smaller brooks, streams and rivers that
drain the great Indian and Pakistan water-
sheds.

There are sister mountain ranges paral-
leling the Karakorums - the Hindukush
(translates to “the Hindu Killers”) and the
Himalayas have most of the worlds tallest
peaks; yet their “Glacial Milks’ are not as
complete or dense with minerals as the “gla-
cial milk” from the Ultar Glacier that feeds
the Hunza Valley.

“Glacial milk” is a mixed liquid, a solu-

tion of ionically disolved elements and a
suspension of the finely ground rock dust
(“rock flour”) ground from the living parent
rock of the mountain by glacial friction. The
suspended minerals in “Glacial Milk” are
referred to as metallic colloidal minerals.
The average particle size of the metallic
colloidal minerals are 7,000 times smaller
than a human red blood cell - so small they
can only be visualized with an electron
microscope.

The individual elements in “Glacial
Milk” are not found in their seperate pure
atomic form, but rather in aggregations or
mini-alloys to form suspended solute par-
ticles. The presence of these aggregate par-
ticles (ranging in size from one hundred
thousandth to one ten millionth of a centi-
meter in diameter) are only detected by
chemical analysis or the electron micro-
scope.

The raw rock inorganic colloids cannot
pass through semipermeable membranes
and therefore produce little or no osmotic
pressure, depression of the freezing point
of water (unlike a salt solution) or eleva-
tion of the boiling point. These molecular
mini-alloys or aggregates carry a uniform
negative electrical charge.

Plants, wild forms and crops such as grains, vegetables, fruits and nuts take up these inorganic metallic colloids and convert them into intracellular (within the cell) organic plant colloids - these organic plant colloids are the form of minerals found in and used by all living cells of plants, animals and humans. It is the eating of the plants rich in organic colloidal minerals that is the secret of health and longevity of the five cultures we have called the “Age Beaters”!!!!

When these centenarians do die its not

212

eae |

from cancer, diabetes, heart disease, stroke or any other of the miriad of “natural causes,” “infirmaties,” or degenerative diseases (mineral deficiencies) that plague western cultures; they do not spend their last hours, days, weeks, months or years in clinic waiting rooms, in line at the pharmacy, hospitals, nursing homes or the ICU (intesive care units) hooked up to tubes, wires or devices smelling of death - or even contemplating suicide because of unbearable pain or overwhelming medical bills. When a centenarian does die it is usually in the cold of the winter, which can be quite cold above the 8,500 foot level. Hypothermia is usually the most common cause of death in these long lived cultures -”So Allah wills!”

Organic colloidal minerals derived from plants are 98 % available to humans as compared to 8 to 12 % availability for the metallic minerals. The serendipitous irrigation of their terraced fields with the common denominator of “Glacial Milk” from the mountains containing 60 or more minerals is the secret of the five cultures who live to be 120 to 140 years of age. Their terraced land, their “Glacial Milk” and their organic agriculture are their whole life. Only they have been able to fulfill their genetic potentials for longevity - and they have done it without the "blessings of modern high tech medicine, vaccines, antibiotics, steroids or transplants.”

“Those who have lived the long-
est seem to be those remote from
medical practice.”

-Ruth Wegg,M.D.,Professor
University of Southern California

213

“S Bre

Chapter 9

| See

“If you choose to go to a hospital, go into hospitals
with your eyes wide open. Medical care, like so
many other things, is problematic; its not a sure
thing. Patients must understand hospitals are
hazardous and medical care is a dangerous enter-
prise - you must be willing to put a considerable
amount of energy into self-protection.”

- Lowell Levin, M.D., Professor
Yale School of Medicine
Department of Public Health

THE KILLING FIELDS:
The Mineral Deficient Health Care System

Weare firstly and ultimately responsible
for our own safety, health and longevity -
we do not contract with anyone to keep us
healthy or warranty our bodies for 100
years of age; the responsibility is all ours;
we only seek “health care” when we screw
up somewhere along the line. Unfortu-
nately, most Americans have given up their
rights and their responsibilities to a doctor
(or two or three!). They cast aside the
simple needs of the flesh (90 essential nu-
trients) and go innocently to the physician
and surgeon as a child goes wide-eyed and
hopeful with a stranger offering candy to
get into the car for a ride - a ride not of joy
or comfort, but of kidnaping, torture and
murder.

In 1991 a Harvard University, School of Public Health study revealed that 1.3 million injuries and 198,000 deaths occur in American Hospitals each year as a result of “iatrogenic” or doctor caused mishaps or “adverse events.”

latrogenic injuries and deaths run from four to five times greater numbers than deaths and injuries on the highways!!! Out of 31 million hospital admissions in 1991 about 1% (that's one out of every 100) ended in disaster - far too high when the Harvard study pointed out that seven out of ten “adverse results” were totally avoidable and that nearly 33.3 % were the result of negligence. “Medical injury is a hidden epidemic,” declares Lucien Leepe, M.D., Director of the Harvard study. “Hundreds of mistakes occur every day in a medical lab or hospital, many going unreported, unrecognized, uninvestigated and unknown.”

According to Dr. Sydney Wolfe ( direc-
tor of the Ralph Nader-founded watchdog
group, Public Citizen Health Research
Group, Washington, D.C.) in a January 13,
1993 news release, “300,000 Americans are

215

WEDNESDAY, novemser 16, 1994
a ee

TILTING AT PILL MILLS

‘Quackbuster’

In his basket of bad eggs ...

What crusader Stephen Barratt has to say Chiropractic: ‘Chiropractic theory is not
abouta few wendy treatments: scientific ... there's a lot of rotten apples in
Acupuncture: ‘Utter nonsense, total dnvel,” the barrel’

Vitamins: ‘If you eat a proper diet, you Homeopathy: ‘The ultimate nothing. a
don't need vitamins.” $260-million-a-year-scam.’

By Marcia Stamer USA TODAY |

216

USA TODAY « FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1994:

Doctors urge acting class in med school

By Tim Friend
USA TODAY

Doctors should take acting
Classes so they can at least pre-
tend they’re concerned about
their patients’ health, say two
articles in The Lancet.

Not to say doctors are cold,
but the stress of medical prac-
tice sometimes spoils a com-
passionate mood. So knowing
how to act a bit wouldn't hurt,
suggest Drs. Hillel Finestone
and David Conter of the Uni-
versity of Western Ontario.

“We do not put forward the
idea cynically,” they say. Their
concern: If a doctor doesn’t
have the skills “to assess a pa-
tient’s emotional needs and to
display clear and effective re-
sponses ... the job is not done.”

They say acting classes
should be required in medical
school so doctors can learn just
when to provide a perfectly
timed compassionate look, or a
touch on the hand.

But which is better? Classi-
cal Laurence Olivier or meth-
od acting like Marlon Brando?

The doctors hope “compara-
tive testing in practice” will an-
swer that question.

An accompanying commen-
tary in the British journal by
Dr. Chris McManus of St.
Mary’s Hospital Medical
School, London, says acting
may ultimately save doctors at
risk of professional burnout.

Meanwhile, McManus
writes, “the surgeons, those
prime donne of medicine, hold
center stage, acting out tan-
trums with thrown scalpels and
cutting remarks.”

217

2" prescription-writing
errors made daily at N.Y.
hospital, researchers say

Associaled Press

CHICAGO — Errors in prescrip-
tion writing averaged 2% a day ina
large New York teaching hospital,
and one in five of the mistakes could
have caused severe medical prob-
lems or death, researchers said.

Doctors wrote 289,411 prescrip-
tions during 1987 at the hospital, and
errors occurred in 905 of them, in-
cluding 182 mistakes that could have
caused serious harm or even death if
they had gone undetected, the re-
searchers said.

“Medication errors are an all too
common occurrence in the provision
of modern health care and one of the
many ‘hazards of hospitalization,’ ”
the researchers wrote in the Journal
of the American Medical Associa-
tion.

“Errors of physician prescribing
are of particular concern, as such er-
rors have been associated with a
higher risk for serious consequences
than errors from other sources,” said
the researchers from Albany Medi-
cal Center Hospital, where the study
was conducted.

However, “quality assurance pro-
cedures operative within our hospital
and in most health-care systems ...
appear to be quite effective,” said
Timothy S. Lesar, assistant pharma-
cy director for clinical services at
Albany and the research team’s co-
leader.

“All these errors were averted.
They never put a patient at risk,” he
said in a telephone interview Mon-
day.

Five years ago, Albany Medical
Center was cited by the state Health
Department for lacking effective
policies to contro] dangerous drugs.
The citation came after two doctors
improperly injected a drug into the
spine of a pregnant cancer patient,
leaving her comatose and near
death.

The center acknowledged respon-
sibility and began requiring more
quality control procedures in drug
administration. Now, for written
prescriptions, pharmacists check the
orders and enter them into a comput-
er that rechecks them against pa-
tient data about drug allergies and
other factors, researchers said.

Drugs accounted for 20 percent of
the 27,000 injuries to patients caused
by treatment in New York state hos-
pitals in 1984, said Dr. Howard H.
Hiatt, head of a Harvard Medical
School study released last month.

The study, however, did not identi-
fy how many of the injuries might
have been caused by prescription er-
rors, Hiatt said in a telephone inter-
view Monday.

The Albany study found a pre-
scription error rate of 3.13 per 1,000
orders written. Of the 905 errors, 522,
or 57.7 percent, were “significant.”

Such mistakes varied from order-
ing too strong a tranquilizer for the
size or age of a patient to prescribing
penicillin or a related drug to an al-
lergic patient, said Dr. Henry Pohl,
senior associate dean for the aca-
demic program at Albany Medica)
College and co-lead researcher.

218

Sunday, July 18, 1993

Nation
Update

FBI to probe
VA hospital deaths

OMAHA, Neb. — A veterans
hospital where one of four patients
died after receiving the wrong med-
ication will be investigated by the
FBI, Sen. Bob Kerrey said yester-
day.

Criminal intent is not believed to
have been involved in the incident
but all avenues must be investigat-
ed, Kerrey, D-Neb., said after
meeting with hospital director John
J. Phillips. The investigation will
begin tomorrow, Kerry said.

A pharmacist, pharmacy techni-
cian and three nurses at the Omaha
Veterans Administration Medical
Center have been transferred to ad-
ministrative duties pending the out-
come of the investigation, Phillips
said.

Associated Press

219

CHICAGO SUN-TIMES,

News USA

Every year, medicine misuse
leads to the hospitalization and
even death of thousands of chil-
dren. In fact, medication mistakes
could be seen as America’s other
drug crisis.

Experts say that of the 200
million prescriptions dispensed
for children each year, nearly half
are taken incorrectly.

When children don't take
enough of their medicine, or stop
taking it too soon, they may not
contro! such serious diseases as
cancer, kidney failure and epilep-
sy.
When they take too much of a
medication, they may experience
such annoying and dangerous
side effects as diarrhea or stom-
ach upset, loss of consciousness
or fatal breathing problems.

What's a Parent To Do?

Medication Errors
And Kids: Nation’s

Other Drug Crisis

It’s important for parents to under-
stand their children's medications.kids get all the benefits of their
Here are some of the things youmedicine.

FRIDAY, AUGUST 26, 1994

need to know.

Find out the name of the medicine
and what it’s supposed to do.

Ask how much medicine the child
should take, when it should be taken
and for how long.

Find out about possible side ef-
fects and what to do if they occur

Ask if there is written information
about the medicine that you can take
home.

When talking with your children
about medicine, explain the differ-
ence between using illegal drugs and
taking medicine in order to get well
It's important to get the child in-
volved in the correct treatment.

And be sure baby sitters and
relatives who take care of the chil-
dren understand a child's medication
routine. If the child must take medi-
cine at school, be sure to notify
teachers and the school nurse.

Also discuss your children’s medi-
cations with your pharmacist.

That way, you can be sure your

220

US. Says 349,000 Caesareans
Last Year Were Unnecessary

ATLANTA, April 22 (AP) — Doctors
performed 349,000 unnecessary Cae-
Sareans in this country in 1991 at a cost
to the nation of more than $1 billion, the
Centers for Disease Control and Pre-
vention said today.

But the number of mothers who de-
lvered vaginally after a previous Cae-
sarean Is rising to 108,000 in 1991 — or
24.2 births per 100 deliveries, up from
20.4 in 1990, according to the latest
figures from the agency.

“That's the good news," said Dr.
Sidney Wolfe of the consumer group
Public Citizen in Washington. “Women
need to know that the fact they had a C-
section once does not mean they have
to have C-sections from then on.”

Among the 966,000 Caesarean deliv-
eries in 1991, about 35 percent were
repeats. The overall Caesarean rate
was 23.5 per 100 births, unchanged
from 1990. Only Brazil and Puerto Rico
reported higher rates.

Federal health officials hope to low-
er the rate in the United States to 15
Caesareans per 100 births by the turn
of the century, a rate the Centers for.
Disease Control deems medically ap-
propriate. But the goal will probably
not be met, said Selma Taffel, a statis-
tician at the agency.

“Its going to be extremely diffi-
cult," Ms. Taffe) said. “We would have
to have a rather large reduction in the
primary Caesarean rate, and the pri-
mary rate has not changed substantial-
ly since 1986.”

The American College of Obstetri-
cians and Gynecologists has also said
that the Caesarean rate was too high
but has opposed setting a national 1ar-
get rate

Rare at one time, Caesarean sec-
tions, the surgery in which an obstetri-
cian cuts open the uterus to deliver the
baby, can cause infection and longer

hospital stays. Bul the rate soared,

from 10.4 births per 100 in 1975 to 24.7)

births for every 100 in 1988.

Consumer groups say many such
operations are unnecessary. They ac-
cused doctors of choosing the costly
procedure to make money and of
scheduling deliveries for their own con-
venience, a view the Government ulti-
mately concurred in

The Centers for Disease Control not-
ed in its report that Caesareans had
been performed most often in profit-
making hospitals on women cavered by
private health insurance.

The average Caesarean costs $7,826,
compared with $4,720 for a vaginal
delivery, the agency said. The estimate
of $1 billion that could have been saved
in 1991 represents the cost of the
349,000 operations that the agency says.
would not have been performed if doc-
tors had performed Caesareans at the
target rate of 15 per 100 births, the
report said.

The agency encouraged more hospi-
tals to follow the example of Mount
Sinai Hospital Medical Center in Chi-
‘cago. In two years the hospital reduced
its Caesarean rate from 22 to 1] births
for every 100 by establishing a peer-
review system for the procedure and
requiring a second opinion for non-
emergency Caesarean sections,

Comparing the rate in the United
States with 21 other countries or com-
monwealths that track the operation,
the agency found that only Brazil and
Puerto Rico had higher C-section rates,
32 and 29 per 100 births, respectively.
Japan and the former Czechoslovakia
were lowest, both with 7.

In the United States, the rate was
highest in the South — 27.6 for every
100 births — compared with 19.8 in the
West, 21.8 in the Midwest and 22.6 in the
Northeast.

Doctor investigated

in cancer scam

HUNTINGTON BEACH — A
respected dermatologist, whose
recent death is being investigat-
ed as a suicide, may have diag-
nosed skin cancer in hundreds of
healthy patients in order to get
higher fees, a state investigator
said yesterday.

Former employees accused Dr.
Orville Stone, 61, of using can-
cerous skin samples to fabricate
diagnoses, said Steve Rhoten, an
investigator with the Medical
Board of California.

Stone was hit by a truck and
killed Friday, a day after investi-
gators searched his Huntington
Beach office and questioned him

about the allegations.
Associated Press

Doctor overseers
stand accused

SACRAMENTO — The state
Department of Consumer Affairs
has asked the California Highway
Patrol to investigate “serious alle-
gations of misconduct” by the staff
of the state board that licenses doc-
tors and other health professiomls.

The focus of the investigation 1s
the Enforcement Unit of the Medi-
cal Board of California, accordin;; to
internal letters and memorandu:is.

If substantiated, Consumer At
fairs Director James Conrad said in
one of the letters, “that miscond ict
may have jeopardized the health
safety and welfare of hundreds o1
California citizens.”

McClatchy Neus Service

221

Seesesee

Doctors’ Financial Motives Linked to Testing Habits

Reuter

BOSTON, Nov. 18—Doctors who
own radiation treatment facilities, re-
habilitation clinics or other health-re-
lated businesses tend to order more
tests and treatments for patients
than doctors who don’t have a finan-
cial stake in the businesses, two
studies released today said.

The studies, published in the New
England Journal of Medicine, found
that physician entrepreneurs who.
invest in medical services may help
drive up the cost of health care.

The authors of one study, on ra-
diation therapy centers, say doctors
should be banned from owning such
joiut- ventures. Under federal law,
ductors can’t send patients to labo-

ratories they own. But other types of
investments are not prohibited.

Last December, the American
Medical Association passed a tough
rule prohibiting doctors from send-
ing patients to a health care facility
“when they have an investment in-
terest in the facility.” Six months
later, the AMA rescinded the rule.

The new studies suggest the
AMA's now-defunct restrictions may
have been a good idea because doc-
tors apparently do a poor job of po-
licing themselves when they are in a
position to control how lucrative
their health-related business will be.

In one new study, a teain led by
Alex Swedlow of William Mercer Inc.
of San Francisco examined worker's

compensation claims in California.
They found that when physicians
owned part of the business:

@ Recommendations for physical
therapy doubled.

a Costs for psychiatric evaluations
were 26 percent higher.

@ Thirty-eight percent of MRI scans
were unnecessary, compared with
28 percent in cases where the phy-
sician had no conflict of interest.

The second study, of radiation
centers in Florida, Jean Mitchell of
Georgetown University and Jona-
than Sunshine of Florida State Uni-
versity found evidence that doctor-
owned centers were responsible for
a higher incidence of radiation
treatments and higher costs.

Drugs mean big business

The script last

average pre: ion cost last year was
$26.04. The ingredients in the pill coat $5.39
— 30% of the cost. Here’s how every $1

nearly

Who Is making a profit

In 1991, the top 20 drug companies had
five times the profit of he average
Fortune 500 companies. Percentage

spent for a drug gets used: Increases:
Ingredients Fortune 500 companies im 3.2%
30¢ All drug companies 12.8%
h Profit 13¢ Marketing Top 20 drug companies 15.1%
20¢ < How much Is going into research
Pharmaceutical
companies plan to
Research and development 15¢ faves 16.73% of fer 46%
How elderly are hit hardest sales in research ra
The elderly take more than three times as And ce rebarent aa US.
much medcine as younger folks. Between be wat 0. R&D as
1985 and 1991: Cor 3 Content 14% [ percentage of!
Average annual cost of 8.8% they spend three sales, exports
prescription drugs jumped times as muchas 439,
Average annual Social the average US.
Securty checks climbed 3.78% Inu in R&D o% Sa

Source: USA TODAY research

By J.L Albert, USA TODAY

222

21-YEAR COVERUP

Suppressed 1971 US report linked diet, disease

A long-suppressed US government report assessing $30
million warth of research found that major health problems ave
related (o dict, the solution (o Hlness may be found in uutrition,

an Improved let's real potential Is (hat it may defer or
lify the development of diseases.

Alexander Schauss, exccutlye director of the new Ciilzens
for Health (CFA) Hatlon, which has reprinted the “one
copy which mysteriously missed confiscation and recently
sutfaced,” sald:

“The government has known for 21 years that such
Mlucsses ns heart disease, many types of cancers, and other
serivus degenerative diseases can he prevented by dict... It Is
Inoseusable that they have kept this Information fram the public
all these years.

“Had (hls Information been made available In 1971 we
would be (en years ahead of where we are today in our knowledge
of the role of nuttttion In the prevention and treatment of disease.
The toss of lives and suffering of (wo generations of citizens
dented thls Information shoal go do histary as one of the
yrentest tragedies of modern medicluc.

The document, a» US Department of Agriculture
publication culled Human Nutrition, Report No.2, Benefits from
Human Nutrition Research, was tssued In 1971. The referenced,
129-page rept was the culmination of $30 milllon worth of
federal nntrltlon research.

Bunt Mt was suppressed, Schauss told The Choice, by then
Secretary of Agriculture Earl Butz, presumably at the beliest of
the fool processing Industry.

“Because the government destroyed copies of the 1971
report, Wowasn't untll the 1977 Senate Select Committee on
Nutrition and Human Needs, Diet Related to Killer Diseases repart
that the public was made aware of the amount of supportive
evidence uf a rule for diet in the preventlon of disease,” sald
Schauss.

Yet due to the destruction of the 1971 report, even the
1977 Senate commtice was unaware of the wealth of evidence
ayallable fom thelr own government agencies.

CFI. has coples of the suppressed report available
$9.95 plus $3 for shipping from Clizens for Health, PO Hox 368,
‘Tacoma WA 98.101.

223

| Rae |

1,200 people may
need new lab tests

AIDS results could have been botched

By BARBARA WALSH
Staff Writer

About 1,200 Broward residents may
have been tested improperly for health
problems ranging from AIDS to
diabetes.

County health officials say a Holly-
wood laboratory may have botched as
many as one-third of the original test
results of patients at three public clin-
ics in the past seven months.

The county’s greatest fear is that pa-
tients infected with the HIV virus may
have received a clean bill of health
through inaccurate lab work by Holly-
wood Diagnostics Center.

“It is [a matter of] life and death,”
said Carolyn Graham, Broward’s hu-
man services director. “We are com-
mitted to straightening this out.”

A lab official said the county’s fears
are unfounded.

“We're no different from any other
lab. Any lab is going to have a little bit
of problems,” said Pedro Rodriguez of
Hollywood Diagnostics.

On Wednesday, the lab canceled its

county contract in the middle of a Sun-
Sentinel investigation of the
controversy.

Broward health officials have since
contracted with two new labs.

On Monday, health workers will be-
gin reviewing about 1,200 patient files
to pinpoint those people with medical
problems requiring additional testing.

At least half of the 1,200 patients
were tested for the human immunode-
ficiency virus, the precursor to AIDS,
county health officials told the Sun-
Sentinel.

“IT don’t want to alarm the resi-
dents,” Graham said. “But we will be
in touch with these patients and ask
them to come in for further testing. I
will be honest and tell them that we’ve
had some problems with the lab that
we have been using.”

The testing problems came to a
head when a Fort Lauderdale woman
found she had been falsely diagnosed
as HIV-positive after being tested last
July at the Edgar P. Mills Multi-Pur-

224

ST.LOUIS POST-DISPATCH

SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1993

Diseased Transplants Turn
Recipients’ Hope To Despair

© 1993, Los Angeles Times

LOS ANGELES — Ruth Glor’s family was devastated,
her doctor baffled. Just months after receiving a trans-
planted kidney that revitalized her life, Glor was dying of
metastatic melanoma, a particularly virulent form of skin
cancer.

Around the country, other transplant recipients — at
first unknown to one another — were making similarly
grim and mysterious discoveries: They, too, were dying
of metastatic melanoma. Their new organs, all from the
donor who provided Glor’s kidney, were not life-sustain-
ing; they were lethal.

Glor’s transplant and recovery had gone so smoothly
that only 11 days after the operation that she was able to
leave Kansas University Medical Center, and return
home to the smal] farming community of Buffalo, Mo.,
about 30 miles north of Springfield.

“She was real happy,” said her son, Danny, 35, a dairy
maintenance man in Buffalo. “She

built flower beds outside. ... She
got a bicycle. . . . She just thought it

was a new lease on life.”

Then, 15 weeks later, Glor grew
weak and felt excruciating pain in
her back. Her local doctor sent her
to a nearby hospital, which quickly
flew her to the university medical
center in Kansas City, Kan. On Aug.
17, 1991, five months after the
transplant, Glor died. She was 57.

Olxcteriste and
transplant experts say
there is no fast, routine
way to screen organs and
tissues for most cancers,
even i ing patients.

(secee|

killed each year in hospitals alone as a re-
sult of medical negligence.” First of all
Wolfes' figures are very conservative be-
cause Naders group used the mortality
numbers supplied by the medical profes-
sion, a neutral outside task force may have
found this number to be only 50 % of the
real figure, or 600,000!

To appreciate how big a figure 300,000 dead is, we have to compare Wolfes figures of Americans killed by “friendly fire” in American hospitals with our U.S. military losses in Vietnam over the course of the 10 year war where we lost 56,000 for an average loss of 5,600 per year!!! According to these figures, you would have been safer on a Vietnamese battlefield where an enemy had guns and artillery and wanted to kill you than in an American hospital!!!!

In protest to the Vietnam War millions
of irate Americans poured out into the
streets, students took over universities with
weapons and explosives, a president was
chased from office and there was political
anarchy in America for the last three years
of that war. Where are the protests and the
protestors for the 300,000 Americans killed
each year in hospitals as a result of negli-
gence?

If Sears Automotive centers were to de-
stroy 300,000 personal car engines each
year by negligently putting vinegar in the
oil pan instead of oil, there would be hun-
dreds of lines to file a class action suit - we
would bet our house on that one - yet there
are no protests in the streets - not even a
crazy street preacher, for no one protests a
“free service” even if it kills or maims a few
“unlucky ones.”

Prescribing for those Americans treated
in offices and outpatient facilities is no safer
than for those hapless souls taken to hos-

pitals. Inappropriate prescriptions or multiple prescriptions (“Poly-pharmacy”) are dangerous to 25 percent or more of Americans over the age of 65 living at home. Many of the drugs are prescribed to counteract the side effects of any originally prescribed drug.

Allopathic doctors (70 % of whom flunked a 1994 survey quiz on prescription drugs and prescribing to seniors!!) are incorrectly prescribing pharmaceuticals to 25 percent of American senior citizens and experts say the revealing study published in a July 1994 issue of The New England Journal of Medicine is “only the tip of the iceberg” of the problem with the lack of prescribing skills of American doctors.

“Twenty five percent of American elderly,” according to Dr. David Himmelstein of Harvard Medical School,”are getting drugs that are likely to do them more harm than good. It points out the need for much more and better education of doctors on drug prescribing.”

Dr. Sidney Wolfe of Public Citizen Health Research Group, says “Young and old are being given the wrong drugs, the wrong dose and the wrong combinations.”

An expert panel found that 20 drugs (Table 9-1) from a list that should never be taken by the elderly are in fact prescribed to more than 6.6 million seniors each year (because of the poly-pharmacy trap, many seniors get several of the no-no drugs at the same time!!).

The Harvard study and others “reflects
an abysmal ignorance on the part of doc-
tors,” says Wolfe, “this is due to medical
schools and residence programs doing a
terrible job of educating on drug prescrib-
ing practices.”

Data from survey's compiled in Public

226

Eeceea

WEDNESDAY, A

UGUST 4, 1993,

THE NEW YORK TIMES OBITUARIES

Martin S. Ackerman Dies at 61;
Executive and Magazine Publisher

By BRUCE LAMBERT

Martin S. Ackerman, a flamboyant
businessman who specialized in finan-
cially troubled companies and closed
The Saturday Evening Post amid pro-
tests against his dealings, died on Mon-
day at Mount Sinai Hospital in Manhat-
ian. He was 6] and lived in Manhattan,
Sharon, Conn., and Paris.

The cause was acute sepsis after an
operation, his family said.

Mr. Ackerman, the chairman of
Company at his death, was a lawyer
and businessman whose career was in
mergers, acquisitions, financial work-
outs and banking. Business Week mag-
azine described him as ‘‘a razzle-daz-
zle financial operator.”

In 1968 he became president of Cur-
tis Publishing by lending $5 million
through the Perfect Film and Chemi-
cal Corporation, a conglomerate that
he had built. His introduction to the
Curtis staff was: “Good evening. | am
Marty Ackerman. | am 36 years old,
and | am very rich. | hope to make the

Martin S. Ackerman

Curtis Pubiishing Company rich,
again.”

227

THE SAN DIEGO UNION-TRIBUNE. Tuesday, May 10, 1994

State probing
surgeon after
car hit 2 officers

By KELLY THORNTON
and REX DALTON
Staff Writers.

The state agency that licenses
and disciplines doctors began inves-
tigating a prominent San Diego
physician yesterday who was ar-
rested on suspicion of drunken driv-
ing after a late-night crash that cost
a police officer his right leg.

If the Medical Board of California
finds evidence that spinal surgery
specialist Dr. Roger Philip Thorne
has a substance-abuse problem, it
could move to have his physician’s
license suspended immediately,
said board spokeswoman Candis
Cohen.

While police and medical authori-
ties pressed on with their inquiries
yesterday, friends of San Diego Po-
lice Officer Nate Hom said the 28- ae
year-old sports enthusiast remem- Dr. Roger Philip Thorne:
bers nothing of the accident that Accused in late-night crash.
amputated his leg.

“The whole incident is complete-

228

bd

Citizen’s, Worst Pills Best Pills II, the older
adult guide to avoiding death or illness,
shows:

1) People over age 60 make up one-sixth
of the U.S. population yet use 40 percent
of the prescription drugs and are given an
average of 15.4 prescriptions per year.

2) 659,000 people a year are hospital-
ized for adverse drug reactions - 66.6 % are
the direct result of poor presribing practices.

3) 16,000 car crashes a year are due to
adverse drug reactions (we think doctors
should be held accountable just as the bar-
tender who serves too many drinks to the
drunk driver!!).

4) 61,000 people suffer drug-induced
Parkinson’s symptoms - when the drug is
withdrawn the symptoms frequently go
away.

5) 41,000 are hospitalized each year for
ulcers caused by prescribed pharmaceuti-
cals (usually non-steroidal anti-inflamma-
tory drugs used for arthritis pain and in-
flammation).

The expert panel determined that the
poor prescribing practices are due to the $10
billion dollar a year spent by the pharma-
ceutical industry to get doctors to use their
drugs - an amount far greater than the drug
companies spend on research and devel-
opment! “In short, doctors' main source of
information about prescribing drugs is the
drug industry,” says Ray Woosley, profes-
sor and chairman of pharmacology at
Georgetown University Medical Center -
“and should be enough to make patients,

young and old, terrified when being given
a prescription drug.” “They ought to be
paranoid. It’s horrible, and one of the big-
gest problems in our country today, medi-
cally speaking,” says Woosley.

Woosley and other experts say poor pre-
scribing practices cause more medical prob-
lems than illicit drug use. According to
Himmelstein,”The quickest and easiest
route to get the patient out of the office (and
the next one in) is to write a prescription;
and in the day of the seven-minute office
visit, that's what (allopathic) doctors resort
to. I'd like to see every American saying,
“Do I really need to be on all these pills?”

Seven tips on how to avoid and recover
from “poly-pharmacy” :

1) Have a “brown bag” session with an
alternative health care giver (ND, DC, DO,
MD, DDS, DVM, etc.).

2) Look in the PDR (Physicians Desk
Reference) and personally look up side ef-
fects and adverse reactions to any drug a
doctor wants to give you.

3) Assume any new symptoms you de-
velop after visiting a doctor are due to the
treatment or medication.

4) Ask for (look up for yourself, too) safe
nutritional alternatives to pharmaceuticals
your doctor wants to prescribe.

5) If you are going to use a pharmaceu-
tical, start out with a dose less than the rec-
ommended adult dose to avoid severe re-
actions.

229

Washington Post Editorial
November 2, 1992

| Lining docs’ pockets

| On another topic, USA TODAY be-
| lieves that doctors should swear
off owning treatment centers.

If you go to a doctor, you want him to
think of you as a patient. not a cash cow.

But two studies in this month’s New
| England Journal of Medicine show that
some doctors are out to milk you dry.

They do it by sending patients to get
unnecessary tests and treatment at clin-
ics in which they have a financial stake.

An analysis of 6,581 workers’ com-
pensation cases in California, for exam-
ple, found that:

> Doctors with money in physical
therapy centers were twice as likely as
other doctors to order patients to get
physical therapy.

> While doctors generally order psy-
chological tests of patients who com-
plain of job stress, the bills for treatment
averaged $672 more if doctors had in-
{ vestments in such elinics.

> Doctors using imaging centers they

invested in ordered unnecessary MRI |

scans more often than other doctors.

A similar study of doctor-owned treat-
ment centers in Florida found much the
same thing.

What it all adds up to is billions of
dollars and millions of hours of waste.

A new federal law this year protects
taxpayers by barring the practice of phy-
sician referral of Medicare and Medicaid
patients to labs that the doctor owns.

Private patients and their insurers
need similar protection.

Ata minimum, the American Medi-
cal Association should renew an ethics
statement condemning such conflict of
interest that it withdrew last year.

Better yet. the Clinton administration
should embrace President Bush’s pro-
posal to bar this as a form of medical
malpractice.

Doctors should see their patients as
people. not dollar signs.

230

1993

Doctors Fined for Fight in Operating Room

WORCESTER, Mass., Nov. 27 (AP)
— A State medical board has fined a
surgeon and an anesthesiologist $10,000
each for brawling in an operating room
while their patient slept under general
anesthesia.

After their fight, the anesthesiolo-
gist, Dr. Kwok Wei Chan, and the sur-
geon, Dr. Mohan Korgaonkar, success-
fully operated on the elderly female
patient.

In addition to imposing the fines, the
state Board of Registration in Medi-
cine last week ordered the doctors to
undergo joint psychotherapy. It also
directed officials at the Medical Center
of Central Massachusetts, who had al-

ready put the doctors on five years’
probation, to monitor Drs. Chan and
Korgaonkar for five years.

The medical board said that on Oct.
24, 1991, Dr. Korgaonkar was about to
begin surgery when he and Dr. Chan
began to argue. Hospital officials
would not provide the nature of their
disagreement.

Dr. Chan swore at Dr. Korgaonkar,
who threw a cotton-tipped prep stick at
Dr. Chan, the board said. The two then
raised their fists and scuffled briefly,
at one point wrestling on the floor. A
nurse monitored the anesthetized pa-
tient as the doctors fought.

Afterward, the doctors resumed the

operation,

231

L.A. surgeon
allegedly left
saw running
on his break

ASSOCIATED PRESS

LOS ANGELES — An orthope-
dic surgeon allegedly left an opera-
tion room to make a phone call and
go to the bathroom without turning
off a cutting tool running in a pa-
tient’s back, state medical officials
charged.

Dr, Fereydoune Shirazi also op-
erated on patients’ knees while im-
properly using an instrument that
enables the physician to monitor
the surgery on a TV screen, the
Medical Board of California said,

Shirazi, 55, said in an interview
with the Los Angeles Times that he
had done nothing improper.

The surgeon could lose his physi-
cian’s license if an administrative
judge upholds the board's charges
of gross negligence, incompetence
and repeated negligent acts.

Les Williams, an investigator for
the medical board, said no patients
were seriously injured by Shirazi,
but “the potential was there for
some very serious ... harm.”

According to the board, Shirazi
left the operating room for 11 min-
utes, to make a phone call and use
the bathroom, in the midst of sur-
gery on a man’s back in 1990.

Shirazi was using a cutting tool
called a nucleotome, activated by a
foot pedal. When he left the room,
he placed a sandbag on the pedal,
which kept the blades of the device
rotating in the man’s spinal column,
the board said.

Shirazi told the Times he did for-
get to turn the tool off but he said
the patient was not at risk because
the device is designed only to cut
away degenerated spinal disk tissue
and cannot cut healthy tissue.

The nucleotome was shut off by
an anesthesiologist, Shirazi said.

Shirazi blamed his problems with
the medical board on Dr. H. William
Frank, a former chief of surgery at
Simi Valley Hospital.

“Dr. Frank, personally, he is
against me,” Shirazi said. “What
he's saying is exaggerated and his
opinion

Frank said Shirazi’s alleged in-
eptness prompted the hospital to
suspend his surgical privileges.

232

Table 9-1. Drugs Regarded as not Suitable for Older Patients.

Tranquilizers & Sleeping Aids — Mineral Replacement: Ca, Mg, Li, Cr, Va (avoid sugar, natural and processed, and caffeine):
Diazepam (Valium) - Tranquilizer. Addictive and too long-acting, causing drowsiness, confusion and falls.
Chlordiazepoxide (Librium) - Tranquilizer. Too long-acting causes falls.
Flurazepam (Dalmane), a sleeping aid. Too long-acting, causes falls.
Meprobamate (Miltown, Deprol, Equagesic, Equanil) - Tranquilizer, sometimes combined with an anti-depressant or pain reliever. Addictive, too long-acting, causes falls.
Pentobarbital (Nembutol) - Sedative. Addictive, long-acting, can cause falls.
Secobarbitol (Seconal). Addictive, long acting, causes falls.

Antidepressants — Mineral Replacement: Ca, Mg, Li, Cr, Va:
Amitriptyline (Elavil, Endep, Etrafon, Limbitrol, Triavil). Stops the ability to urinate, causes dizziness and drowsiness, causes falls.

Arthritis Drugs — Mineral Replacement: Ca, Mg, B, Cu, Se, Li, chondroitin sulfate (Knox gelatin):
Indomethacin (Indocin). Can cause confusion and headaches.
Phenylbutazone (Butazolidin) - risk of bone marrow toxicity.

Diabetes Drugs — Mineral Replacement: Cr, Va, Zn (no sugar, natural or processed):
Chlorpropramide (Diabinase) - Can cause dangerous fluid retention, is excreted slowly; overdose requires long intensive treatment period.

Pain Relievers — Mineral Replacement: Ca, Mg, Cu, Se:
Propoxyphene (Darvon Compound, Darvocet, Wygesic). Addictive, no more effective than aspirin, has more side effects than morphine, causes seizures and heart complications.
Pentazocine (Talwin). Addictive, no more effective than aspirin, has more side effects than morphine, causes seizures and heart complications.

Dementia Treatments — Mineral Replacement: Ga, Ge, Se, Ca, O2, Cr, Va, Li, B-1, B-3 (no sugar, no caffeine):
Cyclandelate - Not effective.
Isoxsuprine - Not effective.

Blood Thinners — Mineral Replacement: Se, Mn, Mg, Vit E, Omega 3 Oils:
Dipyridamole (Persantine). Except in patients with artificial heart valves, not shown to be effective.

Muscle Relaxants, Spasm Relievers — Mineral Replacement: Ca, Mg, B, Li:
Cyclobenzaprine (Flexeril) - Causes dizziness, drowsiness, fainting, falls.
Orphenidrine (Norflex, Norgesic) - Causes dizziness, drowsiness, fainting, falls.
Methocarbamol (Roboxin) - Causes dizziness, drowsiness, falls.
Carisoprodol (Soma) - Potential for nervous system toxicity is greater than potential benefit.

Anti-Nausea Drugs, Anti-Vomiting Drugs — Mineral Replacement: Bi, Ca, Li:
Trimethobenzamide (Tigan). Not very effective. Causes drowsiness, dizziness and falls.

Antihypertensive — Mineral Replacement: Ca, Mg, Omega 3, B6:
Propranolol (Inderal). Feeling slowed mentally and physically.
Methyldopa (Aldoril, Aldomet). Feeling mentally and physically slowed.
Reserpine (Regroton, Hydropres). Depression.

6) Ask an alternative doctor to coordinate your overall health care program.

7) Prescription “drugs” are seldom necessary - the fewer you take, the safer you are.

After the collapse of the Soviet Union, there was a mad rush to down size the military and take the dollar difference as a “piece dividend.” There was to be a $100 Billion “piece dividend” as a result of base closings and military trimming in 1994.

There are those who argue, “We are the healthiest and longest lived people in the world, it costs a few bucks for high tech medicine, but what the heck, we’re Americans and we deserve it!” When one looks at who gets the $1.2 trillion “health care” dollars lets see if were still pleased - do we get the money as a health allotment -’take your $20,000 and get healthy.” We all know the answer, the dollars go to the allopathic M.D.s and hospitals (most private hospitals, hospital management corporations, HMO’s, PPO'’s, etc.) are owned by M.D.s.

The medical profession (doctors, visiting nurses, nurse practitioners, physicians assistants, and hospitals) is the only private service industry that is paid

$ Spent for Defense

750 Billion

936 Billion
1.2 Trillion

293 Billion
280 Billion
180 Billion

235

with tax dollars ($1.2 trillion) the govern-
ment takes from us (and then they pay us
back by killing 300,000 of us each year)!!!

The next thing that needs to be exam-
ined is the record of the medical profession
in America for the living - the World Health
Organization (WHO) ranks Americans lon-
gevity against the longevity of other indus-
trialized nations:

AMERICAN RANKING COMPARED TO
INDUSTRIALIZED NATIONS
17th in longevity
19th in healthfulness
23rd _ for first year survivability and
live births of our babies
32nd for birth defects

The WHO rankings compare us to the
industrialized nations of the world - the
bottom line is we are not getting our dol-
lars worth from a “health care system” that
is the highest paid in the world!!! There are
16 industrialized nations whose citizens live
longer than we do; there are 18 countries
whose people live longer than we do be-
fore they develope degenerative, debilitat-
ing and life threatening diseases; there are
22 countries that have a better record of
live births and first year survivability of their
babies - and God help us there are 31 in-
dustrialized countries that have fewer ba-
bies born with low birth weights or con-
genital defects than we do!!!

If you take a rough average and say
there are 20 industrialized countries whose
peoples are healthier than us and compare
us to them, their total combined popula-
tion is greater than that of the U.S. and if
you add up their total combined financial
outlay for health care it is approximately
50 % of our health costs!!!!

If any other industry in America were
to perform the way our “health care” sys-
tem does the American People would rebel,
there would be senate investigations, there
would be class action suits. Remember in
the 80’s when the Cadillac divison of GM
ran out of finished Cadillac engines and
they inserted Oldsmobile engines into
Cadillacs so as not to slow production, there
was a major class action suit, senate inves-
tigations - GM had done America wrong!!!!

The only time in history that American
hospital deaths dropped were during doc-
tor strikes (Fig. 9 - 1), when the doctors re-
turned to the hospitals the death rates rose
again (the rise in death rates upon their re-
turn was at first higher than normally ex-
pended for the first weeks - doctors had a
lot of back Mercedes and mortgage pay-
ments to make up).

Our health problems seem to have be-
gun in the late 1700's and early 1800's when
Americans were setting up homesteads on
the prairies and great plains of our young
nation. Sod houses were built, babies were
born, gardens and small farms established.
In five to 10 years some of the children died,
the milk cows dried up, eventually the corn
didn’t grow any higher than two feet tall and
didn’t produce ears and ma or pa devel-
oped consumption.

To survive, the devastated family knew
it had to move on - so they went west to get
their share of free virgin land - whatever
life giving stuff (minerals) that had been in
the prairie was used up and the farm
“played out,”

The only families who flourished in
those days were those who owned bottom
land - these bottom land farms flooded ev-
ery year or so and each time the land was
about to be depleted, floods brought min-

236

PERELELED

1976 LOS ANGELES DOCTORS STRIKE:
DEATHS PER 100,000 HEAD OF POPULATION

DEATHS
/ 100.000
4
241
22,5 /
moe 1971-75 O
20; a “sO, ee
?
18 4 / aor ?
a
16 | g
144
125
WEEKS a SE SR TD REEL eee ee
123 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12
DOCTOR STRIKE PERIOD
Fig. 9-1

In 1976 doctors in Los Angeles went on strike for 6 weeks to protest increased malpractice insurance premiums.
The death rate in the L.A. hospitals dropped precipitously until the 7th week when the strike ended - initially the
death rate rose sharply surpassing the years average until the 9-10th week when the death rate dropped again to
its yearly average.

237

eral rich silt from hundreds or thousands
of miles away. Bottom land was fought over,
bottom land farmers were the well-to-do
farmers, they had slaves, 10 healthy chil-
dren, real glass windows and maybe even
a piano in the living room - best of all they
could afford to send their oldest son to Eu-
rope to become a doctor!!

Nothing devastated the American level
of health and longevity more than the bit-
ter feuds and divisions that beset doctors
through the late 1800's. Partly, the hatred
were personal battles between monstrous
egos, partly they were sectarian rivalries
between the different schools of practice or
philosophy.

Medical civil wars were open and acri-
monious, and as common in the wealthy
urban and academic practices as in the
more mundane country practices. Doctors
fought over practice territories as prospec-
tors fought over high grade gold claims -
the medical gold rush was on!!

Philadelphia, the political center of the
budding American medical profession, was
a maelstrom of professional ill will. The
hatred and animosity between John Mor-
gan, MD and William Shippen, Jr. MD, the
first two full time medical professors in
Philadelphia, was notorious far and wide -
their hatred and bickering divided the
country’s first medical school and then split
the Medical Corps of the Continental Army,
during the Revolutionary War, as the two
doctors conspired against each other for po-
litical control.

During the great Philadelphia yellow
fever epidemic in 1793, medical rivals took
to the press to denounce each others thera-
pies; the public mud slinging became so
outrageous that Benjamin Rush, MD was
moved to say, “a Mohammedan and a Jew

weeezeee> ||

ee

might as well attempt to worship the same
supreme being in the same temple and
through the medium of the same ceremo-
nies, as two physicians of opposite prin-
ciples and practice, attempt to confer about
the life of the same patient.”

Medical schools were particularly no-
torious sources of fraternal “bile and ha-
tred.” Since a professional appointment to
the staff of the school had the potential for
increasing the size of a physician’s practice,
there was highly vocal criticisms and inevi-
table resentment by those doctors who were
not in the “in crowd.” It was commonplace
for the faculty and staff of one school to
defame and rebuke the faculty of another.
The professors of the same schools refused
to “hold any communications with each
other except to meet the requirements of
their official positions.”

The histories of medical schools in the
1800's is a “tale of schisms, conspiracies,
and coups, often destroying the institutions
in the process."

Daniel Drake wrote an essay on medi-
cal quarrels listing 10 different causes, he
then founded a medical school of his own
in Ohio. During his tenure he removed
some of his colleagues from the faculty -
Drake was shortly thereafter ousted him-
self during a “palace revolt.”

One of the most exciting “imbroglios”
between medical factions occurred in 1856
at the Eclectic Medical Institute of Cincin-
nati, where the faculty and student allies
divided into two factions over the financial
management of the school and the intro-
ductions of the new “concentrated” phar-
maceuticals”. One of the two groups
seized control of the school building and
locked out its opponents, who then col-
lected as an angry mob outside the school

238

doors. “This was the declaration of war,”
writes the school historian. “Knives, pistols,
chisels, bludgeons, blunderbusses, etc.
were freely displayed.” A truce was called
when the excluded group of faculty and stu-
dents rolled a six-pound cannon up to the
front door of the school!

Of all the arguments that tore at the
political and professional core of the medi-
cal profession, sectarianism was the most
vile and most virulent. Medical “sects”
flourished in the mid- 1800's because of the
overwhelming shortcomings of 19th century
medicine, particularly the “disasterous er-
rors of heroic therapy,” which featured
bleeding (this proceedure killed George
Washington), heavy doses of mercury, and
other modes of treatment ranging from the
“ineffective to the lethal.”

A sect, religious or medical, is a dissi-
dent group that seperates itself from the
“established institution; their constituancy
often see themselves as neglected and
scorned apostles of the truth.” Sects classi-
cally find their beginnings in the charismatic
leadership of a new thought or philosophy
and have a voluntary following. One can
join a sect, usually one is born into a church
(or graduated from an accredited medical
school into the medical profession).

Medical and religious sects are similar
in their adherence to certain definite ideas
as prerequisites for membership. Religious
sects classically pontificate a complete way
of life; medical sects tend (not always) to
limit their concerns to worship of treatment
modalities or tests.

The mormons followed Thomisonian
medicine (herbal) and the Millerites
hydropathy (hydrotherapy), the Sweden-
borgians supported homeopathic medicine,
the Christian Scientists originated from the

239

joint concerns of medicine and religion.

Religious groups that still follow
healings through their “word” or health
philosophies are constantly under attack
by the medical profession or the govern-
ment at the behest of the medical profes-
sion (look what happened to the harmless
“Branch Davidians”). Medical sectarianism
intensified not only because the American
political system was open, but because it
was closed! The cliquishness of medical
schools of practice drove excluded “hereti-
cal” practitioners to create counter revolu-
tions to justify their philosophies and pro-
fessional positions. For the “less educated”
medical doctors or the highly educated
immigrant doctors denied access to hospi-
tal and medical school appointments, medi-
cal sects offered status and prestige.

In the second half of the 1800's, the
principal American medical sects were the
Eclectics and the homeopaths. The Eclec-
tics, who absorbed most of the failed ear-
lier movements were primarily herbal doc-
tors, although they tended to take what
were the best therapies from all medical
schools of of practice. The Eclectics neither
denied the value of “scientific training” nor
did they hesitate to found their own medi-
cal schools - they also destroyed the medi-
cal schools by political warring.

The Eclectics accepted and taught “or-
thodox” medical knowledge of the day, but
they lobbied vigorously against excessive
use of “poly-pharmacy” and bleeding that
were favored by the “allopathic” doctors.

The Eclectics were the third largest
group of medical practitioners in America,
after the “regulars” and homeopaths. The
Eclectics were characterized by their stand
against the harsh medical procedures of the
“regulars,” their efforts to be reformers, their

empiricism, and their home grown Ameri-
can roots.

The homeopaths of thre 1800’s were
different animals from the Eclectics, they
had a highly developed doctrine, attracted
most of their followers from German immi-
grant physicians and they appealed prima-
rily to the wealthy upper class.

The field of homeopathy was founded
by Samuel Hanneman (1755-1843), a dis-
enchanted German physician who cringed
at the terrible torture inflicted on patients
by the “regulars.”

Hanneman developed three basic prin-
cipals for homeopathy:

1) Diseases could be cured by “drugs’
(i.e.-herbs, minerals, animal tissues, etc.)
which produced the symptoms of the dis-
ease being treated when given to a normal
healthy person (this is known as a “prov-
ing”) - this is the “law of similars” or “like
cure like.”

2) The effects of the homeopathic
“drugs” could be increased by using them
in dilutions or greater reduced doses; the
more dilute the dose, the more dramatic the
effect.

3) Almost all disease is the result of a
“Psora” or suppressed dermatitis.

At this point in American medical his-
tory, the Eclectics and homeopaths, the
main opponents to the “regulars,” had the
basic medical training almost identical with
that given at “regular “medical schools. The
Eclectics and the homeopaths of 1852 at-
tracted heavy opposition from the “regu-
lars” because they actively preached to the
lay public of the wonderful and safe results

Ed

of their modalities.

A written report to the Connecticut
Medical Society in 1852 stated," very dif-
ferent would have been the professions at-
titude towards homeopathy if it had aimed,
like other doctrines advanced by physi-
cians, to gain a foothold among medical
men alone, or chiefly, instead of making its
appeal to the popular favor and against the
profession.” Homeopaths did not secede,
the “regulars” tossed them out and created
strict rules of conduct to prevent “regulars”
from consorting with Eclectics and homeo-
paths. The “regulars” self-righteously re-
fused hospital privileges to Eclectics and
homeopaths, keeping them off large city
hospital boards for more than 30 years.

During the Civil War, the “regulars”
dominated the military medical boards, and
the homeopaths even with broad congres-
sional support were not able to get approved
for military service as a physician.

Between 1835 and 1860 the Eclectics
and homeopaths represented ten percent
of the total numbers of doctors in America,
by 1871 they grew to 13 percent (6,000 al-
ternative doctors to 39,000 regulars).

In 1880, “regulars” operated 76 medi-
cal colleges, the homeopaths 14 and the
Eclectics eight - ten years later the totals
were 106, 16 and nine. The numbers of
medical schools do not necessarily indicate
quality, because a medical school diploma
had been introduced as a recquesit for state
licensing - many mail order schools were
established by the “regulars” to pump up
their numbers.

During most of this medical “civil war”
period the media, the courts and state leg-
islatures were “agnostics.” They didn’t be-
lieve or disbelieve any medical group and
made extraordinary efforts to stay out of the

240

fray - whenever the “regulars” attacked the
Eclectics and the homeopaths, the media
called for restraint and joined forces with
the oppressed alternatives.

When the Massachusets State Medical
Board expelled the homeopaths the New
York Times stated,“That while the medical
society had ment to disgrace the heretical
physician...we have little doubt that in the
minds of intelligent persons, they have only
suceeded in bringing disgrace upon them-
selves.”

Most of the general American public saw
the diversity in the types of health practi-
tioners available to them as analogous to
religious choices. When the “regulars”
made a concerted effort to control all of the
medical practice, the general public rebelled
- “one could no more have boards of ortho-
dox doctors passing on homeopaths than
Protestant boards ruling on the acceptabil-
ity of Catholic priests.

Ultimately the “regulars” were forced to
accept the fact that they had been fought
to a “Mexican Stand-off.” High levels of
public resistance to the “regulars” daring
to seek exclusivity brought compromise and
concessions.

In Michigan, the state legislature re-
quired the incorporation of homeopathy
into the University of Michigan School of
Medicine. The “regulars” were aghast but
reluctantly submitted in 1875; acting
through the state legislature, the general
public forced the availability of alternative
medicine.

The state of Missouri exemplifies the
gradual extension of licensing control. The
state passed an initial licensing law in 1874;
however, it only required a doctor to regis-
ter a degree from a legally chartered school
with the county clerk. The statute had the

effect of attracting more “regular” doctors
to Missouri since incorporation laws al-
lowed anyone to start a school by simply
applying for a charter; Missouri very quickly
had more “regular” medical schools than
anyone could keep track of - most were
diploma mills!!

In 1882 more than 5,000 doctors prac-
ticed in the state of Missouri and less than
half had graduated fully acredited schools.

In 1894 the Missouri State Department
of Health tried to enact a pre-med school
requirement for students before they could
be eligible to enter medical school. Most of
the medical schools responded by printing
certificates to give to any new student who
could pay for them.

The board announced that graduate
medical students would have to take and
pass state board exams to demonstrate their
proficiency in basic medical education. The
“regular” medical schools sought relief from
the courts and the Supreme Court of Mis-
souri ruled that in raising the issue of pre-
medical requirements the board of health
had in fact exceeded their authority.

It was not until 1901 that a medical
practice act was passed in Missouri empow-
ering the board of health to act as a board
of medical examiners - they had been able
to enlist the support of the Presbyterian and
Methodist churches, which were paranoid
at the time because of the growing popu-

larity of Christian Science and
Weltmerism(a local Missouri “mind-cure
cult”).

Social Darwinist in1898, followed the
English social and medical theorist Herbert
Spencer, who said,” Very many of the poorer
classes are injured by druggist’s prescrip-
tions and quack medicines; but there is
nothing wrong with that; it was the penalty

nature attached to ignorance. If the poor
died of their own foolishness, the species
would improve.”

In 1888 in the case of Dent vs. West
Virginia, Frank Dent, an Eclectic physician
in practice in West Virginia for six years had
been convicted and fined for not graduat-
ing from a reputable medical school and
refused to accept his degrees from the
American Medical College of Cincinati. In
delivering the unanimous decision, Justice
Stephen Field noted,” Few professions re-
quire more careful preparation than that of
medicine; it has to deal with all those subtle
and mysterious influences upon which
health and life depend; and required knowl-
edge not only of vegetable and mineral sub-
stances, but of the human body in all its
complicated parts, and their relation to each
other, as well as their influence upon the
mind.”

The Eclectics and homeopaths were
absorbed into the state association of the
“regulars” - they became part of the “good
ole boy club” and their zeal to fight the
“regulars” dissipated with their new found
privilege. Actually, the old sects gave way
to the newly arrived sects; the 1890's had
seen the appearance of two new sects with
diametrically opposed views.

The first of the new sects, osteopathy,
was founded by a Missouri engineer, An-
drew Still, who believed that the human
body when sick had to be repaired by plac-
ing its parts back in alignment and proper
relationship, additionally, vitamins, miner-
als and basic nutrition and general health
practices (exercise, hygene, etc.) were ma-
jor features in this profession.

“Quite your pills and learn from oste-
opathy the principle that governs you,” Still
proclaimed. “Learn that you are a machine,

your heart an engine, your lungs a fanning
machine and a sieve, your brain with its
two lobes an electric battery.” In 1891, Still
opened a school of Osteopathy in Kirksville,
Missouri which he got chartered by the state
of Missouri in 1892. In 1897, Osteopathy
won legal protection from the Missouri State
Legeslature.

Christian Science, the second of the new
sects was conceived in the eastern United
States near Boston by Mary Baker Eddy.
Her teachings point out that disease is pri-
marily a function of mind and spirit.

The basic practice of Christian Science
embraces nutrition (including vitamin and
mineral supplements) and excluding dan-
gerous habits such as smoking, alcohol, the
use of drugs and using the services of “or-
thodox” physicians.

The basic clean living habits of Chris-
tian Scientists work so well in preventing
disease that as a group their average life
span is 80.5 (five years longer than the av-
erage American; as a result of their good
health records they enjoy lower health in-
surance rates and they spend little or no
money on health care.

A new gold rush is upon us in America
in the 1990's; everyone is rushing to cash
in on the new “health” programs - when all
is said and done it will be the “orthodox”
physicians and surgeons who will benefit
most from the “Mother Load” and yet our
rankings amongst the industrialized nations
for longevity, healthfullness, live births and
birth defects will not improve but will in fact
get worse. The doctor of today is like a
starved junkyard dog protecting a bone - if
anyone tries to snatch it away they get vi-
cious - how will they make their Mercedes
payment? How will they pay for their 1.2
million dollar mortgage? How will they pay

242

for the tuition to send their children to medi-
cal school at Harvard or law school at Yale?
How will they pay the alimony to their five
ex-wives? You guessed it - they send out
those little notices that say ,“It’s time for
your annual physical, please call and make
an appointment.”

An example of their reactions to any-
one taking from their largest is their huge
and cry over the activities of Dr. Jack
Kavorkian, the Michigan physician known
as “Dr. Death.” In our favorite old time
cowboy and World War II movies it was
the greatest act of love for a fellow com-
rade in arms to end their life with a merci-
ful bullet when they had been mortally
wounded (gut shot) and in intractable
pain -”They shoot horses don’t they?”

After 3 years and some 19 assisted sui-
cides “Dr. Death” did his thing unimpeded;
however, once the Michigan M.D.s realized
that every assisted suicide cost them
$250,000 to $500,000 by eliminating three
to 12 months of terminal, critical and ICU
care monies that they would normally si-
phon out of insurance or milk out of Medi-
care they went berserk and charged “Dr.
Death” with murder to keep any other
would be “good Samaritan” physician from
cutting off their otherwise bottomless lar-
der.

Who are these people who have been
placed in a position of trust and have vio-
lated that trust? - they are worse than the
priests who fondle choir boys or young girls
in the choir; they are worse because our
government pays them (with our money)
so they feel its okay to test and treat us to
death because “we’re getting a free service.”

They drive us with fear into hospitals
for tests and therapies under the guise of
“defensive medicine.” The September 1993

issue of Reader's Digest pointed out that
doctors get a $421 kickback for every pa-
tient sent in for a CAT scan or an MRI -
that is not a stick - it’s a golden carrot!!! If
you believe that doctors do all the extra tests
to avoid a malpractice suit we have some
ocean front property in Montana to sell
you!!

On June 29, 1994 National Medical
Enterprises Inc., one of the nations largests
hospital chains agreed to plead guilty to
charges of paying more than $40 million
dollars in referral kickbacks to physicians
between 1985 and 1990 and then at-
tempted to get Medicare reimbursement for
the kickbacks. They also agreed to pay
$362.7 million dollars in fines; their CEO
and top executives each faced up to 10
years in prison for Medicare fraud and
$500,000 in fines - the R.I.C.O. laws should
have been brought into play here and all of
the assets of the hospital chain confiscated.

Prosecutors said the case,” provided the
best window yet on misconduct now en-
demic to medicine that will ultimately prove
more costly to the American public than the
corruption that ravaged the savings and
loan institutions.”

“In the medical world,” said Paul E.
Coggins, the United States Attorney in Dal-
las, “practices that are illegal have been
accepted and tolerated - very much akin to
the climate that pervaded the savings and
loans.”

Federal officials have estimated that
fraud gulps approximately ten percent of
America’s health care expenses to the tune
of $100 billion per year.

Today, a physician and surgeon makes
an average of $170,000 per year (thats al-
most 100% profit folks, because we pay for
all of the tests, Q-Tips, rubber gloves, sur-

243

gery rooms, anesthetics, nursing care, re-
covery rooms, etc.); the higher priced spe-
cialties of anesthesiology, orthopedic sur-
gery and neurosurgery make over $225,000
per year (that's up from $88,000 in 1983).

The very highest monthly premiums for
malpractice insurance is $1,400 per month
- thats only $16,800 per year, which sounds
like a lot of money to you and me, but when
you're making $225,000 per year it's just
the cost of doing business.

In November of 1992, two articles ap-
peared in the New England Journal of Medi-
cine which stated that “doctors are out to
milk us dry.” We spent $3.4 billion for un-
necessary cataract surgery in nursing home
patients with Alzheimer’s disease, we spent
$117 billion for cholesterol testing in 1992,
we have over 400,000 unnecessary hyster-
ectomies per year and a ceasarian rate of
over 34 % each year and doctors double
their fees if they know you have insurance.

We get charged $750,000 for a heart
transplant, the medical treatment of choice
for cardiomyopathy - the surgeon's real cost
is about $500.00 - they get the heart free
from a donor, they get the blood for the sur-
gery from the recipients relatives and they
use $12.00 in suture material and rubber
gloves. After the L.A. earthquake in 1994,
people were put in jail for price gouging for
selling gallons of water to earth quake vic-
tims for $4.00. We are supposed to accept
the $750,000 fee for the heart transplant
without challenge because its “high-tech
medicine.” In fact one trace mineral (sele-
nium) at the rate of $0.10 per day will pre-
vent cardiomyopathy and in the initial
phases of the disease clinically cure it!!!

Medical costs have risen more than
50 % between 1983 and 1991 and the cost
of pharmaceuticals has risen by more than

Eee

ees

150 %, yet the average American income
has risen only 5% during the same time
period. These unchecked and skyrocketing
costs in the health care field are the result
of government programs and insurance
medical commitees that are inhabited only
by allopathic doctors - if we had to pay the
bills ourselves we would demand better re-
sults at a cheaper cost or we would refuse
the service (we would get safer and more
effective treatment from vitamins and min-
erals).

There are a lot of excellent automotive
detail services available, but most of us
choose to wash and wax our own car to
save money - if insurance companies paid
for the wax job on our cars we would all
use the detail service - the detail services
would spring up everywhere, unfortunately
many of them would be backyard types
more interested in the insurance money
than in the condition of your car's paint job
so they would use inferior waxes and elec-
tric buffers (scratching your paint) to run
more cars through the mill.

We would like to think that “someone
is watching” over us, someone is regulat-
ing these doctors; however, they have been
allowed to watch themselves.

There are an average of four innocent
citizens killed each year in each major city
by policemen making the wrong split sec-
ond decision on the street - there are citi-
zens committees and Grand Jury investi-
gations, there are police internal affairs in-
vestigations and armies of average people
out there with video cameras just waiting
for a cop to screw up - who are the doctors'
overseers, who gets judged and punished
for the 300,000 people who are killed each
year by doctors involved in malpractice?

In 1993 the California State Board of

244

[=] —_____—

Medical] Examiners was investigated by the
California State Police at the request of the
California Department of Consumer Affairs
because they had shredded all of the pa-
tient complaints against California doctors
without investigating them to get them off
of their books for a particular fiscal year -
so much for self policing!

A great letter appeared in an Ann
Landers column - it was entitled “Losing
patience with the doctor.”

“Dear Ann Landers: I’m on the
side of the woman in Serasota who
complained about the cardiologist
who always arrived in his office an
hour late. I’m especially angry be-
cause you slapped her down and
made excuses for the doctor.

1 work for a surgeon and you
would not believe what goes on in
this mans office. “Dr. D” sits at his
desk, feet up, talking to his broker,
his kids, his mother or a golf buddy
for an hour while patients are wait-
ing to see him. If anyone complains
about waiting we've been instructed
to say, "Dr. D” is consulting with an-
other doctor.

Sometimes between patients “Dr.
D” goes to his desk and counts
checks and money while people are
waiting to see him. When he strolls
in late because he overslept (or got
frisky), we are told to say he was de-
layed in surgery.

-Just Plain Fed Up”
Medical specialists have “tunnel vi-

sion,” especially if their livelihood is af-
fected - that's why doctors count the till four

or five times each day - they need to know
how many patients to put in the hospital
and how much to milk the last ten patients
that comes into his office each day to meet
his office and personal overhead!!!

If an allopathic physician and surgeon
refers you to a specialist to have your feet
amputated because of diabetic gangrene,
the surgeon is not going to tell you about
chromium and vanadium or hyperbaric
oxygen tanks that might save your foot -
why should he, he’s a surgeon and he has
a Mercedes payment coming up. The crime
and horror of all this is that he will sleep
well and play happily with his girlfriend
believing he did you a favor and a service.

Medical specialists also have a grave
personality defect, they believe that they are
more clever than you and I, so they can do
whatever they like. As a result it is well
documented that “22,000 to 33,600 are al-
coholics, recovering alcoholics or soon to
be alcoholics. Alcoholism is a primary dis-
ease to which physicians as a group seem
highly susceptible and often goes hand in
hand with drug abuse,” says Stephen C.
Scheiber, M.D. in, The Impaired Physician.

A recent Harvard study revealed that
“59 % of physicians and 78 % of medical
students use psychoactive drugs (usually
marijuana and cocaine) and that 40% of
“orthodox” doctors get high with friends on
a regular basis; lastly the United States loses
the equivalant of seven medical school
classes each year to drug addiction, alco-
holism and suicide” In the book, Medicine
on Trial, they calculate that patient visits
to these ticking “Drug Head” time bombs
exceed 45 to 100 million each year!!!!

Dispite their code of professional ethics
one in 10 doctors has had sex with their
patients, and as many as 25 % say patients

245

Doctor accused of billing state
for ‘therapy’ of sex-for-drugs

ASSOCIATED PRESS

OAKLAND — A psychiatrist
accused of trading drugs for sex
and billing the state for the swap
under the guise of therapy is ex-
pected to surrender tomorrow,
according to state officials.

“The state was paying for
these little trysts,’’ said Deputy
Attorney General Christiana
Tiedemann. “‘Not only was he
doing it, but we were paying for
it.”

Bail of $37,400 has been set
for Paul Lowinger, 68, who has
offices in Oakland and San Fran-
cisco. He was charged Thursday
with inappropriate sexual activity
with patients, prescribing con-
trolled substances without legiti-
mate medical purposes, filing
false medical claims and 16
counts of grand theft.

Lowinger, who allegedly had
sex with five female patients be-
tween 1982 and 1991, attempted
to seduce a female undercover in-
vestigator in February, according
to Alameda County Municipal
Court documents. Court records

describe the patients as drug ad-
dicts and prostitutes.

If convicted of all charges,
Lowinger faces six years in prison
and $173,000 in fines plus resti-

“The state was
paying for these
little trysts. Not only
was he doing it, but
we were paying for
it.”

CHRISTIANA TIEDEMANN
Deputy attorney general

tution, according to Tiedemann.
Lowinger was chief of psychia-

try at Contra Costa County Hos-

pital in Martinez in 1982-83 and

director of psychiatric residents
at Highland General Hospital in
Oakland in 1976-78. From 1958
to 1971, he was psychiatric chief
at Detroit Memorial Hospital.

He served as national chairman
of the Medical Committee on
Human Rights in 1969-70 and
president of the Michigan Associ-
ation of Neuropsychiatric Physi-
cians in 1969-70.

The case is the first brought by
the state attorney general’s office
under a law criminalizing sex be-
tween psychotherapists and their
patients.

In April, Yuba City psychiatrist
Valentino Andres was sentenced
to 45 days in jail and fined $2,020
for having sex with a patient.
That case was prosecuted by
county officials, however.

The sexual misconduct law
makes a first conviction for sex
with patients a misdemeanor and
a second a felony.

A spokesman for the state
Medical Board, Janie Cordray,
said the panel will seek a tempo-
rary restraining order.

246

1 in 10 doctors has had sex
with patient, survey finds

REUTERS,

SAN FRANCISCO — Despite
professional ethics, nearly one in
10 U.S. physicians has had sex.
with a patient and almost 25 per-
cent say patients have reported
sexual contact with other doctors,
according to a survey published
yesterday.

Nearly 90 percent of the con-
tacts were between a male doctor
and a female patient, 6 percent
were between female doctors and
male patients, and 5 percent were
homosexual, according to the
study by researchers at the Uni-
versity of California in San Fran-
cisco.

“I’m very disturbed by the
prevalence and very concerned
about the potential harm to the
patients,” San Francisco psychia-
trist Nanette Gartrell, who led
the study, told Reuters yester-
day.

The survey was published in
the San Francisco-based Western
Journal of Medicine. It is the first
large-scale sex study of physi-
cians other than psychiatrists.

“T think we’re basically talking
about an abuse of power — very
vulnerable patients and physicians

247

who have a lot of power,” she
said.

She said the findings mirror re-
lationships in society at large.
“It's typical of sexual assault
throughout our culture,” she said.
“Sexual assault is usually per-
petrated by adult males.

The Hippocratic Oath, which is
2,400 years old, prohibits sex be-
tween doctors and patients. The
American Medical Association
also considers sex with patients
unethical and sex even with for-
mer patients unethical in many
cases.

Questionnaires were mailed in
May 1990 to more than 10,000
doctors nationwide, all mernbers
of the American Medical Associa-
tion. Mental health practitioners
were excluded.

Slightly fewer than 1,900 re-
sponded, and Gartrell attributed
the rate of return to fear of self-
incrimination, even though the
results were anonymous. Aston-
ishingly, nearly two-thirds of all
doctors surveyed — and 38 per-
cent of those who admitted hav-
ing sex with their patients — ac-
knowledged that the experience
hurt the patient.

Thursday, February 18, 1993

THE SAN DIEGO UNION-TRIBUNE

Death may be manslaughter, but

it wasn’t murder, ins

By VALERIE ALVORD
Staff Writer

VISTA — A doctor accused of
killing a woman with an overdose of
chloroform could be guilty of invol-
untary manslaughter, but certainly
did not commit murder, his attor-
ney told a jury here yesterday.

The unusual concession, based
on a legal theory involving negli-
gence, came at the end of the
monthlong trial in which Dr. Sam
Dubria has insisted he did nothing
to cause the death of Jennifer Klap-
per in a Carlsbad motel room two
years ago.

In two days of testimony Dubria
told the jury he never studied chlo-
roform or used it and that he did not
have access to the highly volatile
19th century anesthetic.

But in closing arguments yester-
day, his attorney, Barry Bernstein,
said the 29-year-old medical resi-
dent could have used the drug with
Klapper for recreational purposes
and then refused to admit it be-
cause it would have meant the end
of his medical career.

Dubria is charged with using
chloroform to knock out the 20-
year-old Cincinnati woman so he

could rape her. In the process, he
killed her, the prosecution alleges.
If convicted of rape and murder,
Dubria could face life in prison
without possibility of parole.

Bernstein did not elaborate on
his suggestion that chloroform may
have been used as a recreational
drug or in some other recreational
way. As an alternative theory, he
suggested to the jury that Klapper,
who was found dead at the All Star
Inn on Interstate 5 on Aug. 16,
1991, might have used chloroform
to numb her severe headaches. The
attorney did not say whether chlo-
roform was an accepted medical
remedy for a headache.

Prosecutor Tim Casserly, mean-
while, told the jury that Dubria is “a
piece of garbage” and “the biggest
liar yon will ever see.”

He suggested that Dubria might
be the unluckiest man to ever have
sex with a woman.

“The very first time he’s alone
with this girl and has sexual inter-
course with her, she dies! And from
an overdose of chloroform! And
here he is — a doctor. How unlucky
can you get?” the prosecutor asked.

Klapper, who met Dubria at the

sts attorney

Cincinnati hospital where they both
worked, was on a sightseeing trip
with Dubria when she died. She had
told numerous friends that she did
not consider Dubria attractive, and
that she had no intention of letting
their relationship become sexual.

The morning after her death,
Dubria told police that he and Klap-
per were casual friends who had
sex for the first time the night she
died. The doctor said Klapper sim-
ply fell to the floor unconscious for
no apparent reason and that his
attempts to resuscitate her were
unsuccessful.

He told the jury that he and Klap-
per were intimate friends who had
“made love without intercourse” for
a number of months, but first had
sex the night she died.

Casserly yesterday told the jury
that Dubria had to lie about what
happened because he couldn’t bring
himself to admit to his parents that
after all their hard work and sacri-
fice to put him through medical
school, he had thrown his life away
on an uncontrollable desire for a
woman,

The jury was to begin delibera-
tions on the case this morning.

248

have had sex with other doctors. Nearly 90
% of these contacts were between male
doctors and their patients, six per cent were
attributed to female doctors and five per-
cent attributed to homosexual doctors ac-
cording to Dr. Nanette Gantrell, Psycholo-
gist at the University of California, San
Francisco. The Hippocratic Oath which is
2,400 years old prohibits sex between doc-
tors and patients.

Doctors have gone to the extent of bill-
ing cities, counties, states and medicare for
sexual liaisons with their patients - talk
about having your cake and eating it too!!!

“The state was paying for these little
trysts. Not only was he doing it, but we were
paying for it,” said Deputy Attorney Gen-
eral Christiana Tiedemann of Oakland Cali-
fornia when referring to psychiatrist Dr. Paul
Lowinger, who allegedly had sex with five
female patients between 1982 and 1991
and was only found out when he attempted
to seduce a female undercover investiga-
tor. Lowinger who was chief of psychiatry
at Contra Costa County Hospital in
Monterey, California, 1982 to 1983 he was
the Director of psychiatric residents at High-
land General Hospital in Oakland, Califor-
nia 1976 to 1978; from 1958 to 1971 he
was psychiatric chief at Detroit Memorial
Hospital. He served as national chairman
of the Medical committee on Human Rights
in 1969 and 1970 and served as president
of the Michigan Association of
Neuropsychiatric physicians in 1969 to
1970. We would venture a wager that Dr.
Lowinger was an opponent of Dr.
Kavorkian!!!

Doctors go still further, they have killed
unwilling patients with anesthetics trying
to subdue them for sex. One doctor, a re-
spected California dermatologist was ac-

cused of diagnosing cancer in hundreds of
patients by sending known cancerous speci-
mens toa lab for diagnosis with their name
on it - Medicare and MediCal pay consid-
erably more for removing a cancer than a
mole!!!

In May of 1994, Jackie Kennedy entered
the hospital on a Friday for chemotherapy
for a type of cancer that will only kill you in
10 to 15 years without treatment (there was
no death watch for Jackie - she was not a
terminal cancer patient), three days later
she was dead (most likely from the effects
of the chemotherapy or even an error in the
calculation of the dosage!!) - if they can kill
Jackie Kennedy and get away with it, what
chance do we as average Americans have?

It should be obvious to even the most
skeptical reader that there is reason to take
control of your own health, get information
before you make health decisions and avoid
going to the “orthodox” doctor as much as
possible. Make sure you take in your 90
essential nutrients each day , it's cheap in-
surance and you will probably live longer!!

“For all the talk about good medi-
cine, though, the current battle over
access to patients is a sobering re-
minder that at bookkeeping time,
patients are just a source of cash.”

-Janice Castro
Time, July 18,1994

249

Sexes

i

v\

g

fi
i

[| eeeeeezee |

Seal)

"Our most optimistic expectations are no less than
the realization of an old dream: What will fertilizing
with stone dust accomplish? It will turn stones into
bread... make barren regions (fruitful) (and) feed the

hungry.”

- Julius Hensel
Bread From Stones, 1894

Chapter 10

“GLACIAL MILK”:

Plant derived colloidal minerals

The human pursuit of health and lon-
gevity has been long and tortuous, the an-
swers seemingly just beyond reach and
comprehension. Doctors, scientists, alche-
mists, priests, and kings have been frus-
trated in their pursuit of the “philosophers
stone,” the “fountain of youth,” the “fruit
of life” and pharmaceuticals - ironically the
answer was just underfoot wherever they
went - the minerals in the soil!!

Georges Buffon, an 18th century natu-
ralist put to paper the “truth” of his time
(unfortunately a “truth” is limited by the
number of facts available):

“Ifwe consider the European, the
Negro, the Chinese, the American,
the highly civilized man, the savage,
the rich, the poor, the inhabitant of
the city, the dwellers in the country,
so different from one another in ev-
ery respect, agree on this one point,
and have the same duration, the
same interval of time to run through

‘twixt the cradle and the grave, that
the difference of race, climate, of
food, of comforts, makes no differ-
ence in the duration of life, it will be
seen at once that the duration of life
depends neither upon habits, nor
custom, nor the quality of food, that
nothing can change the fixed laws
which regulate the number of our
years.”

Unfortunately, Buffon did not know
about the 90 essential nutrients (60 miner-
als, 16 vitamins, 12 essential amino acids
and 3 essential fatty acids) that are required
daily by humans - his observations and
writings essentially doomed 18th, 19th and
20th century man to pharmaceuticals and
the surgeon’s knife and wiped his scientific
and medical contemporaries’ slates clean
from any notion that essential nutrients
and Rare Earths are required to attain and
fulfill one’s genetic potential for health and
longevity.

251

We already know the common denominators of the long-lived cultures, they are few, simple and very clear. Their basic truth for health and longevity boils down to the routine daily availability of a highly usable source of 90 essential nutrients of which the most critical are the plant derived colloidal minerals - simple, yes, but it works and works and works!!!

Plant derived colloidal minerals start in the parent rock and frigid heights of great mountain ranges, the Caucasus, the Karakorums, the Himalayas, the Andes, etc. Ageless glaciers scrape, grind and pulverize from two to six inches of parent rock from the mountain surface each year into a fine dust or rock “flour” that is carried from under the glaciers by water melted from the glacial ice by the frictional heat of the moving glacier.

The great glaciers of the Pleistocene age
began retreating 14,000 years ago - yet
many thousands of glaciers still lie heavy
on the surface of the Earth. The state of
Alaska, alone has 30,000 square miles of
glacial ice. Glaciers basically are slow mo-
tion rivers of ice, flowing down the slopes
and precipices of the worlds highest moun-
tains and are conceived from the weight of
millions of tons of accumulating snow.

The glacial ice flows continuously like
a “conveyor belt” pulled by gravity and
pushed by the ever-accumulating snow in
a region called the “accumulation zone;”
in the leading regions of the advancing gla-
cier, or “ablation zone” the glacier gives up
ice through melting, evaporation and loss
of great chunks of ice known as icebergs;
the “equilibrium line” separates the two
distinct zones of the glacier - if the forma-
tion and loss of ice is equal the glacier is
stable with no advance or retreat; if the pro-

duction or loss of ice changes, advance or
retreat occurs.

Advancing glacial ice grinds, scrapes
and shears bedrock, boulders and gravel
alike under millions of tons of ice pushing
ahead of itself a “terminal moraine” or a
ridge of mud and gravel.

Glacial melt water flows under the gla-
cier through eroded channels and tunnels,
lubricating the glacial flow and springing
from under the glacier’s face as a highly
mineralized opaque water - “Glacial Milk.”

The mineral composition of “Glacial Milk” is highly variable from one glacier to the next depending on the mineral content of the parent rock of the mountain it came from - the great common denominator of the “Glacial Milk” that nourishes the long-lived cultures is that they contain 60 to 72 minerals; there are thousands of glaciers in the world that produce vast quantities of “Glacial Milk,” however, they may only have three to 20 minerals in them - not the number required to fulfill the human genetic potential for longevity!!!

The color of “Glacial Milk” is highly
variable, ranging from pearl gray, silvery

“gray, to white, to bluish white to a brown-

ish gray, again depending upon the min-
eral combinations of the parent rock.

Strictly speaking, “Glacial Milk” is both
a suspension of finely ground rock dust of
the particle size of clay (“rock flour”) and a
solution of soluble minerals from the por-
tions of rock that is initially soluble, plus
those minerals rendered soluble during the
hydrolysis of pulverized rock.

The parent rocks of the “Glacial Milks”
found in the long-lived cultures are essen-
tially all metamorphic; they range from light
colored, granitic-type gneiss through gar
net-mica schist (including gem quality gar-

252

nets - of interest here is the fact that
Ayruvadic medicine uses gem stones in-
cluding garnets as therapeutic medicines)
to dark banded metamorphics rich in dark
mafic minerals including hornblende and
biotite mica.

A mineral analysis of the suspended
rock flour from the Giltar Glacier of Hunza
gives an indirect look into the rock type
being pulverized by the glacier (Table
10- 1).

Suspended solids in “Glacial Milk”
ranges in quantity from 3.2 ppm to 7100
ppm (Table 10- 2) depending on the type
of parent rock under the glacier, the softer
the rock the more “rock flour” is produced;
the soft metamorphic rocks from the
Caucasus, Himalayan, Karakarum and
Andes mountains lend themselves perfectly
to the production of vast quantities of sus-
pended “rock flour” which are found in their
“Glacial Milk’s.”

Table 10 - 1 . X -Ray Powder Diffraction of
“Glacial Milk” Rock Flour

Biotite mica (Fe, Mg, Al silicate) 70 - 80 %

Plagioclase feldspar ( Ca, Na, Al silicate)
10 - 20%

Vermiculite mica (elements as in biotite) up
to5%

Hornblende (Ca, Mg, Fe, Al silicate) 3 % +/-

Serpentine (Mg, Fe silicate ) 2 % +/-
K - feldspar ( K, Al silicate) trace

Muscovite mica (K, Al silicate ) trace
Quartz (SiO,) trace

There is an upper limit to the amount of
dissolved minerals that can be acquired by
drinking water whether it is “Glacial Milk”
or just a mineral water from California (Gey-
ser water) or France (Evian), so it is the
suspended solids or “rock flour” that makes
the difference for the centenarians.

The long lived centenarians drink the heavily mineralized water containing large quantities of “rock flour” known as “Glacial Milk” to be sure; however, they are only able to absorb and biologically utilize from five to 12 per cent of these suspended metallic colloids (ground up rocks).

The bottom line for the centenarians to reach their genetic potentials of 120 to 140 years of age is in fact their utilization of the “Glacial Milk” as irrigation water. They take great pain to flood and uniformly cover each terrace with “Glacial Milk” so that each millimeter of soil and each crop plant has access to the “rock flour” which forms a white powder layer on the fields surface after the water is absorbed - the rock “flour” is then plowed into the soil. Plants are then able to efficiently convert these metallic minerals from the “Glacial Milk” into highly usable organic plant derived colloidal minerals.

For 2,500 to 5,000 years, depending upon the culture, they have built stone terraces, filled them by hand, basket by basket with the highly mineralized muck and silt dredged by hand from the bottoms of the glacial rivers and have irrigated with “Glacial Milk,” day by day, month by month, year by year, generation to generation since their beginings. For their reward they have been blessed with optimal health without hypertension, heart disease, stroke, aneurysms, arthritis, osteoporosis, dental disease, cataracts, diabetes, cancer, lupus,

253

PRRERERED
CREEL

Mostce Low avo ellor Guscist Mitgs ano

Table 10-2 Awrrercracey Paerareo Rock SusreNsioxs
Suspended
No. Locality Dissolved major ions, ppm solids
Si AL Ca Mg Ig Na oP Total ppm pill
L-milk EmmonsGlacier 8,00 0112.1 4 35 SL 3051287 7100, 7.5
-susp.” Mt. Rainier,
Wash. 7.50 1.07 9.22 1.95 94 1 43.14 9.2
-ratiot 93 10 43 4.9 MW 9.3 ww 3.3 . a
2-milk Nisqually Glacier 4.28 0072.07 ay S7 1354 189 981-2900 74
-susp. Mt. Rainicr,
Wash. 88 149 7.9 91
ratio 2.1 200 3.8 mr
3-milk Zermatt, Switz. 1.13 O01 10.6 6.7
“susp. 742+ 040 7.24 98
-ratio 63 40 15 :
4-milk Les Diablerets, 1.35 001-266 75
<susp. Switz. 5.20 044 34.38 3.9
-ratio 39H 1.29

S-milk GrinnellGlacier — .55 001 8.5
-susp. Glacier Nat'l. 7.42 1.12 B44

-ratio Park, Montana 13.4 112 1.0 ;
6-milk Stechelberg, 61 026 19.4 75
-susp. Switz. 34 344 16.63 8.8
-ratio 5.6 132 87 !
7-milk Grindelwald, 66 001 17.5 6.8
-susp. Switz. 4.24 al 20.38 9.0
-ratio 6.4 100 12 .
8-milk Trient, Switz. 1.49 001 10.6 6.9
“susp. 9.9 +586 94 93
-ratio 6.6 536 .09 :
9-milk Rhone Glacier 1.14 00L 41 6.6
-susp. Gletsch, Switz. 5.3 202 11.58 9.2
-ratio 4.6 200 28
10-milk Bossons Glacier 45. 7.0 6.7
-susp. Chamonix,
France 6.4 6 1.03 244 9.2
-ratio 14.2 7 :
Il-milk Teton Glacier 003 sa 24 6.4
-susp. Teton Nat'l. Pk. 74 tr A] 8.3
-rato Wyoming 2 :
12-milk Dinwoody Glacier 003 2 6.83
-susp. Wind River Mts., Ll fh 87
-rauio Wyoming 6 7
13-milk Nigards Glacier “001 04 41
-susp. Gaupne, Norway At =e)
“rato 1s
I4-milk Fanarak Glacier 38 0S a
-susp. Lom, Norway A74 1a 9.4
“rao 46 Is 0
15-milk Bover Glacier . 0S 45
-susp. Lom-Skjolden, 634 1.52 9.2
-ratio Norway M . 19 :
16-melt- Taylor Glacier 2 09 94 a4
water West end of Lake
Bonney, Antarctic
V-melt- Wright Glacier 2 03 .09 4 24 2.86 z

water Wright tongue of
Wilson Piedmont
Glacier

* "Susp." refers to the suspension produced by grinding rock from the moraine by standardized procedure.
F Ratio” refers to the weight of dissolved ion(s) in suspension distded by weight of ion(s) in glacial milk.

254

[RS

Repetitive Motion Syndrome, obesity, birth
defects, hyperactive children, learning dis-
abilities, ADD, depression, drug problems,
“Bad Seeds” or crime.

The centenarians return everything that
came from the soil back to the soil in their
terraces to keep the organic material level
high. Plant debris, after their harvest is not
burned, but composted. Animal manure
(children walk the roads with baskets look-
ing for animal droppings to put in their
fields) from stalls and barns is faithfully put
into the fields. This organic material feeds
the soil organisms (bacteria and fungi)
which are able to further break down and
hydrolize the “rock flour” into usable forms
for assimilation by the crop plants.

The crops of the centenarians, the
wheat, millet, buckwheat, barley, potatoes,
cabbage, tomatoes, spinach, turnips,
apples, apricots, grapes, nuts,etc. are able
to absorb the converted metallic minerals
from the land and process them into organic
plant derived colloidal minerals.

Plant derived colloidal minerals are 98
% available for absorption and biological
use by animals and people. The plant de-
rived colloidals are in fact the form in which
animals and humans store, utilize and
transport minerals in their bodies.

Like almost all great discoveries, the use
of “Glacial Milk” for irrigation was an acci-
dent; the centenarians did not seek these
places for longevity like kings of old, they
rather picked them as secure havens from
outside marauders and for year round
sources of water.

The standard farm in the world has
veins of minerals coursing through them
like ribbons of chocholate through choco-
late ripple ice cream, thus one field blessed
with a “high mineral content” can produce

wheat with some mineral content and some
wheat with little or none. The lack of uni-
formity and disparity in mineral content of
our fields has produced spotty areas of
heavy crops interspersed with areas of lim-
ited growth. American farmers are aware of
this problem so they installed satilite navi-
gation systems or lorans to accurately re-
locate these sparse areas of their fields so
they can apply more fertilizer (NPK), which
does result in more uniform crop produc-
tion (tons and bushels) but the mineral
value of these groups is nearly zero.

Many people are aware today that they
need nutrient supplementation to augment
their daily diets to assure their intake of the
90 essential nutrients but are frustrated in
the results they get from the huge variety of
multiple vitamin/mineral programs avail-
able.

Vitamins are pretty much the same,
there are fat soluble and water soluble vi-
tamins and they are about equally avail-
able in just about any multiple tablet; min-
erals, however, are a different story - there
are three basic types of minerals:

1. METALLIC MINERALS

Metallic minerals include egg shell, oys-
ter shell, calcium carbonate, lime stone,
dolamite, mineral salt, sea water and Great
Salt Lake Water, mineral oxides (i.e. - iron
oxide, copper oxide, etc.), vortex waters, sea
bed minerals, “soils’(which are usually
clay), sea bed clays and clays, “rock flours”
and various antacids such as Rollaids and
Tums.

Typically metallic minerals are found in
tablets and powders as gluconate (calcium
gluconate, zine gluconate,etc.), lactate,
sulphates, carbonates and oxides (iron ox-

255

ide = rust!!!).

Metallic minerals despite wild claims to
the contrary are only eight to 12 % biologi-
cally available to animals and humans; af-
ter attaining the age of 35 to 40 years the
availability of metallic minerals to humans
drops to three to five percent.

We know of a man with a “Porta Potty”
business in Grand Rapids, Michigan who
finds literally thousands of multiple vita-
mir/mineral tablets in the bottom screens
when the “Porta Potty” is pressure cleaned
after a public event. We asked, “how do
you know they are multiple vitamin/min-
eral tablets?” and he replied,”because the
names are still on the coatings (i.e.- One-
A-Day, Theragram M, Centrum, etc.)!! Over
the years he has accumulated a literal
mountain of these tablets!!!

A typical metallic mineral supplement
either alone or as part of a multiple is cal-
cium lactate. Calcium lactate can be ob-
tained in 1,000 mg tablets which breaks
down to 140 mg of metallic calcium and
860 mg of milk sugar or lactose. Two 1000
mg calcium lactate tablets do not give you
2,000 mg of calcium they only give you 280
mg of metallic calcium - at a 10 %

Table 10 - 3. Amounts of Metallic
Calcium in a 1000 mg Tablet

Calcium gluconate
Calcium carbonate

Calcium acetate
Calcium citrate
calcium lactate

bioavailability rate, you get 28 mg of bio-
logically available calcium, therefore to get
enough calcium from these tablets to meet
your needs, you would have to take 30 tab-
lets with each meal or 90 tablets a day and
you have 59 more minerals to go (Table 10
-3)!

2. CHELATED MINERALS

Chelated (Key-late) minerals were cre-
ated by the livestock industry in the 1960's
to ensure maximum availability of dietary
minerals to animals being fed and fattened
for market. The original chelating agent
used was calcium EDTA, a man made
amino acid that was invented by the Ger-
mans just prior to WW II to antidote ar-
senic and lead exposure in chemical war-
fare attacks (calcium EDTA is used today
for intraveinous chelation therapy to clean
out arterial obstructions).

The term chelated literally means
“claw,” but is used to describe the process
by which an amino acid, protein or enzyme
(enzymes are proteins that do work) is
wrapped around the mineral molecule
which enhances the bioavailablility of the
metallic mineral.

Chelated minerals are approximately
40 % bioavailable, a significant improve-
ment over the original metallic minerals -
your septic tank in the back yard gets the
other 60 % (Table 10 - 4).

Chelated minerals are easily recognized
on the label of a multiple vitamin/mineral
supplement by the amino acid suffix such
as selenium aspartate, chromium
picolinate, or sometimes as an “amino acid
chelate.”

256

3. COLLOIDAL MINERALS

Colloidal (Kol-oid) chemistry is not new,
but it is not widely known about or under-
stood by the general public. Simply said, a
colloid refers to a substance that exists as
ultra-fine particles that are suspended in a
medium of different matter. The colloidal
state is the state of a solute (mineral or other
substance such as a paint pigment) in a
solution when its molecules do not seperate
into atoms as with a true solution (sodium
chloride or salt seperates into seperate so-
dium and chloride atoms while in solution),
but rather they remain grouped together to
form solute particles.

The presence of these inorganic colloi-
dal particles, which are approximately one
hundred-thousandth to one ten-millionth
of a centimeter in diameter (about 400
thousandths to four millionths of an inch),
can often be detected by means of an elec-
tron microscope. As a result of the group-
ing of the molecules, a solute in the colloi-
dal state cannot pass through a suitable
semipermiable membrane and gives rise to
negligible osmotic pressure (they will pass
through filter paper), depression of freez-

ing point and elevation of boiling point ef-
ects.

These ultra-fine particles of the colloid

are just barely larger than most molecules
and so small they can’t be seen with the
naked eye - about one billion of these col-
oid particles would fit into a cubic 0.01 of
an inch ( Fig.10- 1).
The “solution” part of a colloid provides
a solid, gas or liquid medium in which the
colloid particles are suspended. The sus-
pended particles in a colloid can also be a
solid, a gas or a liquid.

Solutions were classified by H.
Freundlich (1925) into three catagories:

1) True solutions
2) Colloidal solutions
3) Emulsions and suspensions.

The four part method of classifying
solutions is as follows:

1) Identify particle size.

2) Determine presence of Brownian move-
ment (random movement of particles sus-
pended in liquids or gasses resulting from
the impact of molecules of the fluid sur-

Table 10 - 4. Absorption Comparison of Chelated and Metallic Minerals.

Amino Acid Chelate vs.
Carbonates

Amino Acid Chelate vs.
Sulphates

Amino Acid Chelate vs.
Oxides

§.8:1
18:1
3.6: 1

Copper
Magnesium
Iron

Zinc

4431
2.631
3.8: 1
2.3314

3.0: 1

4.931
3.9: 1

257

7

Fig. 10-1A

jagram |
Linear Magnification 1:10,000

eq =e

D

e. ©.

B
®
E

E

A. Human redblood cell (7.5u)
B. Starch granual

C. Kaolin rock dust crystals
D. Anthrax bacilli

E. Cocci bacteria

f. g. h. colloidal mineral

258

i :

At
UF i He
\F Ar Pu

Fig. 10-1B Veins of humic shale.

259

Ed

rounding the particles).
3) Ability to pass through filter paper
4) Level of solubility

In 1975, S. S. Voyutsky (a Russian)
wrote the classic text on colloidal chemis-
try. Voyutsky referred to solutions as “mo-
lecular dispersion systems” and “heteroge-
neous highly dispersed colloidal systems.”

The exact point between the molecular
and colloidal degrees of dispersion cannot
be established because the transition from
molecularly dispersed systems to coarsely
dispersed systems is a continuous range.

A colloidal system must have three ba-
sic characteristics:

1) It must be heterogeneous (consists of
dissimilar ingredients or constituents).

2) The system must be multi-phasic (i.e.-
soliWiquid, gas/liquid, etc.).

3) The particles must be insoluble (do not
dissolve in the solution).

Each one of these classifications inter-
acts with the others to give colloids their
unique qualities. The interesting thing
about colloids is that they remain hetero-
geneous, multi-phasic and insoluble at dif-
ferent concentrations as long as a larger
number if not all of the particles are within
the range of sizes of colloids ( 1n to 100n).

The molecular groups or particles of the
colloid solute carry a resultant electrical
charge, generally of the same sign (nega-
tive) for all of the particles. A small percent-
age of these inorganic colloids will pass
through the intestine of a living animal or
human because a natural chelating process
takes place in the gut in the presence of

protein-containing food.

Inorganic colloidal material which
readily passes through filter paper may be
separated from dissolved substances, such
as starch, sugar or salt, by placing the mix-
ture of mineral colloid and noncolloid in a
parchment shell surrounded by distilled
water. The inorganic colloids are “too large”
to pass through the membrane, but the
molecules of salt, starch and sugar or any
other dissolved substance pass readily
through the semipermeable membrane
(they separate into individual atoms or very
small molecules). This kind of separation
process is called dialysis.

In the process of digestion the inorganic
minerals in food or supplements soon be-
come inorganic colloids and as an inorganic
colloid they cannot penetrate the intestinal
wall to enter the blood stream. In the pres-
ence of amino acids a small percentage of
the inorganic colloids form chelated miner
als and organic colloids which are able to
be dialyzed through the mucus membranes
of the intestinal walls into the blood stream
- this form of bioavailable mineral state is
known as a “crystalloid.”

Crystalloids or organic colloids readily
pass through cell walls, while inorganic
colloids are “too large.” Additionally we
must remember that in the living organism
there are other physiological forces at work
which interfere with or modify the expected
osmotic phenomenon.

Colloidal mineral supplements and
commercial colloids are found in four dif-
ferent forms:

A. Unprotected colloids are made of
bare “rock flour,” this is the form of inor-
ganic metallic colloid found in sea bed min-
erals, clays, "soils,” and “Glacial Milk.” This

260

bed

form of inorganic colloid is in fact a metal-
lic mineral and _ is only available to plants
when there is a healthy soil population of
bacteria and fungi.

B. The second type of mineral colloid is
found in the living systems of bacteria,
fungi, green plants (food crops), animals
and humans and is coated by a water lov-
ing (hydrophilic) substance such as gela-
tin, albumin, albuminoids, or collogen. This
coating protects the now “organic mineral
colloid” and allows it to be a crystalloid for
absorption, storage and physiological uses
and thus maximizing its bioavailability to
98 %.

C. The third type of organic mineral col-
loid has a protective coating of carbon with
a molecular chain length of 10 to 12 car-
bon atoms. This type of colloid is also found
in bacteria, fungi, plants (including some
forms of petrified wood), animals and hu-
mans and is thought to be the most stable
form of natural organic mineral colloid.

D. The fourth type of mineral colloid is
not found in nature, but rather is manufac-
tured industrially by coating the metallic
colloid with sulfated castor oil ( lipophillic
or fat or oil loving) to form commercial de-
tergents.

Bee pollen, blue green algae (the Aztecs
tried this one and had to turn to cannibal-
ism to meet their mineral needs), kelp (the
Japanese who consume the most kelp world
wide only live to be 79.9) and “green drinks”
contain some plant derived colloidal min-
erals, however, the number of minerals is
highly variable depending on what is and
what is not in the soil or lakes they came

from and lastly, the concentrations of the
colloidal minerals are so small that you
would have to eat more than 400 pounds a
day to meet your essential daily needs.

Juicing has been a popular method of
obtaining maximum nutrition from fresh
fruits and vegetables and in fact there is no
better way to get vitamins from fresh fruits
and vegetables than to juice. When one
talks about minerals from juicing, the level
of confidence drops precipitously - remem-
ber U.S. Senate Document 264 says there
are few if any nutritional minerals left in
our farm and range soils and therefore there
are few if any nutritional minerals left in
our grains, fruits and vegetables. Even when
you juice you should supplement your di-
etary program with minerals to include all
of the major minerals, trace minerals and
Rare Earths.

“Humic shale” is a unique source of
plant derived colloidal minerals (Fig. 10-1).
Humic shale originated from plants some
75 million years ago, those lush tropical
plants took up the 60 plus metallic miner-
als available to them from a fertile soil
that had as many as 84 minerals. The
ancient soil was so rich with minerals that
trees grew as much as 25 feet per year
and the great brontosaurus or “thunder
lizard” attained a body weight of 140,000
pounds (70,000 tons) with a mouth no
larger than that of a horse - the ability of
the brontosaurus to attain such a bulk with
so little a mouth meant he was consuming
plants rich with concentrated mineral nu-
trients.

A volcanic eruption covered these min-
eral rich forests with a thin layer of mud
and ash, thick enough to create an air-tight
“vault” and dried or desiccated the plants
into a deep accumulation of “hay,” but not

261

Table 10-5

SPARK SOURCE MASS SPECTROGRAPHIC ANALYSIS OF HUMIC SHALE

Suspended Solids 38 gm/L.
Humic Shale is a plant derived colloidal nutritional supplement produced under Consent Decree by the
US Department of Human Services.

Concentration in PPM (unless otherwise specified)

Mineral Conc. Mineral Conc. Mineral Conc. Mineral Conc.
Tantalum 0.6 Lutetium 0.05 Ytterbium 0.2 Thulium 0.02
Erbium 0.1 Holmium 0.1 Dysprosium 0.5 Terbium 0.1
Gadolinium 0.1 Europium 0.1 Samarium 0.8 Neodymium 0.8
Praseodymium 0.4 Cerium 4.0 Lanthanum 2.0 Barium 0.3
Cesium 0.1 Iodine 0.1 Tin 0.03 Cadmium 0.1
Silver 0.2 Molybdenum 0.04 Niobium 0.02 Zirconium 0.2
Yttrium 4.0 Strontium 14.0 Rubidium 0.8 Bromine 0.2
Selenium 0.9 Germanium <0.01 Gallium 0.1 Zinc 47.0
Copper 2.0 Nickel 30.0 Cobalt 9.0 Iron 43.0
Manganese 36.0 Chromium 0.4 Vanadium 0.1 Titanium 1.0
Scandium 0.1 Calcium 1gm/L Potassium 1gm/L Chlorine 8.0
Sulfur 1gm/L Phosphorus 12.0 Silicon 1gm/L Magnesium 1gm/L
Sodium 1gm/L Fluorine 5.0 Boron 0.2 Beryllium 0.1
Lithium 10.0

* WAL INC, Golden, Colorado 80403 (4/87)

262

deep enough or heavy enough to pressur-
ize the dried plant material into coal or oil.

The entombed humic shale never fos-
silized or petrified, in other words they
never became rocks - just compressed,
dried, prehistoric “hay” that contains large
amounts of plant derived colloidal miner-
als (Table 10 - 5). Humic shale can be used
as an excellent soil conditioner for organic
gardens, farms and ranches as it supplies a
tich source of humus and no less than 60
plant derived colloidal minerals.

Humic shale can also be ground into a
fine plant flour and soaked for three to four
weeks in filtered spring water until it reaches
a specific gravity of 3.0, it then provides a
high quality plant derived colloidal mineral
supplement that contains 38 grams of plant
derived colloidal minerals per liter.

It takes 78 pounds of humic shale to
reach the concentration of 38 grams of col-
loidal minerals per liter; the 78 pounds of
humic shale represents approximately 1034
pounds of lush prehistoric green mineral
rich plants.The fluid extract of high grade
humic shale contains no less than 60 plant
derived colloidal minerals and is 98 % avail-
able for animals and humans.

If we are to flourish and fullfill our ge-
netic potential for health and longevity we
must supplement with all ninety essential
nutrients including 60 minerals. Anything
less is to tragically throw away ones life.

“Live long and prosper.”
-Spock

Star Trek

263



weeeeeee

“You don’t need insurance to be able to afford them!
You don’t need a doctor's permission to get them!
You don’t have to be a genius to use them!

You never have to worry about dangerous side ef-
fects! And you'll be amazed at how superior they
are to what your taking now! At best, drugs are pale
imitations of these natural medicines. They repair
hidden damage to your cells, organs and arteries -
something no man-made drug could ever do!”

- Julian M. Whitaker, MD

Ch apter l 1 Health & Wellness Today

RARE EARTHS:

Their secrets of health and longevity

Wide scientific interest in trace elements
roles in animal physiology began more than
100 years ago with the discovery that met-
als were associated with biologically signifi-
cant processes and tissues. Turacin, a red
porphyrin pigment in the feathers of cer
tain birds contained no less than 7 % cop-
per; hemocyanin, another copper com-
pound was found in the blood of snails;
sycotypin, a zinc containing blood pigment
in mullussca and a vanadium respiratory
compound in the blood of sea squirts.

Initially, the discoveries of trace miner-
als in animal tissues were treated as curi-
osities and created little or no interest in
the broader implications of metals in the
basic physiological process.

Zinc was initially recognized as an es-
sential element in the bread mold Aspergil-
lus niger. The recognition that low soil io-
dine content was associated with endemic
goiter was a major discovery. In the first
quarter of the 20th century Kenall isolated

an iodine-amino acid (tyrosine) crystalline
complex (65 % iodine) that he called thy-
roxin (thyroid hormone).

The production of emission spectrogra-
phy technology early in the 20th century
allowed the identification of more than 20
trace elements in animal tissue.

In the second quarter of the 20th cen-
tury spectacular knowledge in trace min-
eral nutrition and physiology were gained
by the animal and livestock industry.

In the 1920's, Bertrand of France and
McHargue of the United States pioneered
the purified diet approach to animal nutri-
tional studies and trace mineral nutrition.
The origional theory for the use of purified
rations was great but the early laboratory
diets were a disaster because the diets were
so deficient in other nutrients (i.e. - vita-
mins and amino acids) that animals showed
a veritable kaleidoscope of deficiency dis-
eases simultaneously.

The University of Wisconsin, led by

265

E.B.Hart (1928), brought in a new era when
he demonstrated the need for supplemen-
tary copper as well as iron for growth and
hemoglobin formation in rats fed a pure
milk diet; within a few years, Hart's studies
also showed that manganese and zinc were
essential nutrients for mice and rats. These
findings were quickly extended to other
laboratory and agricultural species.

Almost 20 years passed before the puri-
fied diet technique again identified the es-
sentiality of additional trace elements (i.e.
- Mo -1953; Se -1957; Cr -1959).

During the 1930's, a diverse range of
nutritional disorders of humans and farm
animals were related to deficiencies and
excesses of trace elements and toxic met-
als.

In 1931, mottled tooth enamel was
found to result from an intake of excessive
fluoride in drinking water; copper deficiency
was identified in Florida and Holland; two
years latter “Alkali Disease” and “Blind
Staggers” of livestock was related to acute
or chronic excessive selenium intake in cer-
tain areas of the American Great Plains.

In 1935, cobalt deficiency was identi-
fied and related to the cause of wasting dis-
eases of range cattle in the south and west
of Australia.

In 1936, a dietary deficiency of manga-
nese was identified as the cause of perosis

r “slipped tendon” or “angel wing” and
nutritional chondrodystrophy in poultry
(this is the same disease as “Repetitive
Motion Syndrome,” “TMJ” and “carpal tun-
nel” in humans).

In 1937, enzootic neonatal ataxia in
lambs (cerebral palsy) was found to be the
result of copper deficiency in ewes during
early pregnancy that were grazing on cop-
per deficient soils in Australia.

It soon became evident that other,

milder health and disease problems involv-
ing trace mineral deficiencies could exist
and be identified.

The criteria for essentiality of a trace
mineral or Rare Earth Are:

1. Present in all healthy tissues of
living organisms.

2. Concentration in tissue is rela-
tively constant from one species to
the next.

3. Withdrawal from the body in-
duces reproducable physiological
and structural abnormalties in sev-
eral species.

4. Its replacement reverses (this one
is not always true - i.e.- deficiencies
in the embryo during developement
that result in congenital defects can-
not be corrected in later in life) or
prevents the disease or abnormallty.

5. The abnormalties of the trace min-
eral deficiency always have a bio-
chemical change.

6. The biochemical changes of the
deficiency disease can be prevented
or cured when the deficiency is cor-
rected.

The deficiency or toxicity effects of trace
minerals were often found to be affected by
other elements, nutrients that were or were
not present in the soil, food or water - while
studying copper poisoning in sheep in Aus-
tralia, Dick (1950's) found that a three way
interaction exists between copper, molyb-
denum and inorganic sulfate and that the
ability of Mo to limit Cu retention in ani-

266

[Table 11-1 · Elements in mammalian blood, plasma and red cells — figure]

(88 J $$

mals can only occur in the presence of ad-
equate sulfate.

The third quarter of the 20th century has
produced many notable advances in trace
element nutrition and physiology - princi-
pally by the animal industry, Atomic ab-
sorption, neutron activation and
microelectron probe techniques have been
particularly valuble.

Radioactive isotopes increased our
knowledge of the concentration kenetics of
trace elements in specific organs. Numer-
ous metallo-proteins (enzymes) and iden-
tification of their diverse symptoms of defi-
ciency or toxicity, including the identifica-
tion of the role of copper in elastin biosyn-
thesis and its relationships to the cardio-
vascular disorders (aneurysms) of animals.

At the end of the third quarter and the
begining of the fourth quarter of the 20th
century, the identification in mice of “new”
trace element essentiality for lithium, fluo-
tine, silica, vanadium, nickel, arsenic, cad-
mium, tin, and lead exploded. Progress in
this field of study was facilitated by the plas-
tic isolator technique developed by Smith
and Schwarz at the University of Wiscon-
sin - in this animal holding system there is
no metal, glass or rubber; the unit has an
air lock to eliminate contamination by dust
and has a filter to remove dust at a particle
size of 0.35 microns.

The most significant development in the
trace element field during the last 25 years
of the 20th century has been the recogni-
tion that trace elements have a fundamen-
tal role in health maintenance and that
optimal intakes from food sources can no
longer be taken for granted.

The essential role of trace elements in
the support and maintainance of the im-
mune system against bacteria, viruses, fungi
and cancer, degenerative diseases and birth

defects are well documented. The mode of
action and the tissue concentrations varies
considerably. The only common denomi-
nator of trace minerals is that they are all
found in exceedingly low amounts in the
healthy tissue. They are usually found in
parts per million (ppm); micrograms/gram
(u/g); or with some even parts per billion
(ppb) or nanograms per gram (ng/g).

The concentration of trace elements in
tissue or requirement levels does not rep-
resent their relative importance in nutrition.
The concentrations of trace elements and
their functional concentration must be
maintained within narrow physiological
limits if the functional and structural fabric
of the tissues and organs of the animal and
human body are to be maintained for opti-
mal fertility, development, growth, health
and longevity.

Higher species such as birds, mammals
and humans have a “homeostatic” mecha-
nism that maintains tissue concentrations
of trace minerals at optimal levels at their
physiological sites.

Almost all trace elements function as
catalysts for a cellular or subcellular en-
zyme system. Enzymes are simply proteins
that do work and in their role as catalysts
their function ranges from that of a weak
ionic ( ph affects) modulator to highly spe-
cific metalloenzyme (“metal finger”) func-
tions for RNA.

In metalloenzymes the metal atom can-
not be substituted by any other trace ele-
ment. Although Vallee has demonstrated
that Co and Cd can replace Zn in certain
enzymes with some changes in substrate
specificity but the enzyme is not deacti-
vated.

Because of the frequently wide disparity between the absolute and dietary requirements (results from different intestinal absorption efficiencies for individual elements) the most efficient form of trace mineral supplement, such as plant derived colloidal minerals should be consumed.

For the metallic form of iodine the ratio is almost 1:1; for iron it’s 1:10 and for chromium it’s 1:100.

The RDA and other dietary recommendations for trace minerals are conceived by the National Science Foundation to meet the needs of “practically all healthy people” - they are not applicable to people with “health challenges” or full blown disease states.

Mineral analysis of 3,000 year old bones of Japanese temple monks showed that they contained a greater spectrum of minerals and greater amount of each mineral than the bones of modern day Japanese.

Dr. Wilhelm Heinrich Schuessler (1821-
1898), a physician from Oldenburg, Ger-
many realized that minerals , “tissue salts”
or “cell salts,” as he called them were the
basics of the flesh and even of life itself.
Schuessler, who studied medicine and kin-
dred sciences at the finest schools of Paris,
Berlin, Geissen and Prague, is known as
the founder of biochemistry.

Schuessler was heavily influenced by
the noted German chemist Liebig, who pos-
tulated that the human body is composed
of “cells” which are complex building blocks
made up of organic material, water and
“salts” or minerals. Schuessler burned the
corpses of indigent humans dying in Ger-
man hospitals and analyzed the resultant
ash - with the analytical methods available
in his day he was only able to identify 12
“cell salts.” Given the amount of informa-
tion he had available to him, and given the
fact that some of his mineral deficiency to
disease relationships were incorrect,
Schuessler showed great insight for realiz-

ing the connection between mineral defi-
ciencies and imbalances and the relation-
ship to chronic degenerative disease (Table
11- 1). Schuessler also tried to use his “cell
salts” as a homeopathic remedy rather than
as food supplements which severely lim-
ited the effectiveness of his results.

INITIAL DEPLETION PHASE:

Initial depletion of trace elements in
animals and humans is characterized by
changes only in the metabolism of the ele-
ment itself in response to a suboptimal in-
take, the individual target tissue compen-
sating so that no disturbance of biological
structure or function are detectable by
means of a test. Increased intestinal absorp-
tion efficiency and/or reduction of excretion
and gradual diminishment of body reserves
takes place. This phase of trace mineral
deficiency returns to normal very quickly
with a return of normal intake.

COMPENSATED
METABOLIC PHASE:

The compensated metabolic phase is characterized by a reduction of certain specific biochemical functions, such as trace mineral dependent enzyme reactions or receptor sites. The “homeostatic” mechanism becomes ineffective in maintaining the normal trace element concentrations at receptor sites causing a reduction in biochemical function (i.e. low blood sugar, irregular heart beat, white hair, hair loss, etc.).

DECOMPENSATED
METABOLIC PHASE:

The decompensated phase of trace ele-
ment deficiency is characterized by the

270

Table 11 - 1. Schuesslers 12 Cell Salts

Calcarea Fluor (Fluoride of lime) - is found in the surface of the bones, in the enamel of the teeth and in the elastic tibers of the skin,
muscular tissue and blood vessels. A deficiency results in a relaxed condition of the tissues and is a predisposing cause in a number
of diseases. It is indicated in ailments which can be traced to a relaxed condition of elastic fibers, including dilation of the blood vessels,
haemorrhoids, enlarged varicose veins, hardened glands, cracks in the skin, etc.

Calcarea Phos ( Phosphate of lime) - is a constituent of the bones, teeth, connective tissue, blood corpuscles and the gastric juice.
Itunites with the organic substance albumin, giving solidity to the bones, building teeth and entering into all the important secretions of
the body.

Calcarea Sulph (Sulphate of Lime) - is found in the epithelial cells in the blood. It acts as a preventitive of cell disintegration and
‘suppuration. A deficiency allows suppuration to continue too long; therefore, wounds that are too slow to heal (i.e.- catarrhs, boils,
carbuncles, ulcers, abscesses, pimples and pustules of the face) need this remedy.

Ferrum Phos (Phosphate of Iron) - is the remedy for inflammation and feverish conditions. This tissue salt is found in the blood,
where it colors the corpuscle red and carries oxygen to all parts of the body. It is indicated in cases of relaxed conditions of the muscular
tissue, and in abnormal conditions of the corpuscles of the blood themselves.

Kali Mur (Chloride of potash) - unites with albumin, forming fibrin, which is found in every tissue of the body with the exception of the
bones. A deficiency of this tissue salt, with a consequent release of albumin, causes a discharge or exudation of a thick white, sticky
character from the mucus membrane, and a white or gray coating of the tongue.

Kali Phos (Phosphate of potash) - is a constituent of all the tissues and the fluids of the body, notably of the brain and nerve cells. It
is the great nerve nutrient. It also has an antiseptic action and hinders decay of the tissues. A deficiency of Kali Phos produces brain-
fag, mental depression, irritability, fearfullness, timidity, lack of nerve power.

Kali Sulph (Sulphate of potash) - is a carrier of oxygen to the cells of the skin. The oxygen in the lungs is taken up by the iron in the
blood and carried to every cell in the organism by the reciprocal action of Kali Sulph and Ferrum Phos. It is a remedy for the skin.

Natrum Mur (Chloride of soda or Sodium chloride) - this tissue salt is a constituant of every liquid and solid part of the body. It
tegulates the degree of moisture within the cells by virtue of its property of attracting and distributing water. The human body is
composed of about 70 % of water, which in the absence of Natrum Nur, would be inert and useless. Any deficiency of this tissue salt
Causes an imbalance of water in the human organism. The patient then shows a watery, bloated appearance; is languid, drowsy and
inclined to watery exudations; and sometimes there is the opposite condition of excessive dryness.

Magnesia Phos (Phosphate of Magnesia) - the biochemical action of Magnesia Phos is anti-spasmodic. Its work is chiefly confined
to the delicate white nerve fibers of the nerves and muscles. A deficiency of this tissue salt in the fibers allows it to contract, hence it
produces spasms, cramps, etc.

Natrum Phos (Phosphate of soda) - this tissue salt is present in the blood, muscles, nerve and brain cells, as well as in the intercellular
fluids. It splits up lactic acid into carbonic acid and water and is the remedy where there is an excess of acid in the system. An acid state
gives rise to rheumatic troubles, digestive upsets, intestinal disorders, and has an adverse effect upon assimilation.

Natrum Sulph (Sulphate of soda) - this tissue salt is found only in the intercellular fluids and its principal function is to regulate the
quantity of water in the tissues, blood and fluids of the body. It has an affinity for water and eliminates only excess from the blood
and blood serum. It also works with the bile and keeps it in normal consistency.

Silicea (Silica) - this substance is found abundantly throughout the vegetable Kingdom, especially in grasses, grains, palms, etc. It
is also found but less commonly, in the animal world. Silicea is present in the blood, bile, skin, hair and nails. It is also a constituant
of connective tissue, bones, nerve sheaths and mucus membranes.

271

[88] $$

appearence of symptoms or defects in the
metabolic (prediabetes), cognative (learn-
ing disabilities, ADD, ADHD), emotional
(Dr. Jekyll/Mr. Hyde, "Bad Seeds"), devel-
opmental ( dyslexia, gay behavior), struc-
tural (dystrophy of muscles), work-stamina
and longevity of a species.

CLINICAL PHASE:

The clinical phase of trace mineral deficiency is characterized by the onset of full blown disease states and even death (i.e. - cardiomyopathy, diabetes, cancer, aneurysms, etc.). For most trace mineral deficiencies in the clinical phase diagnosis by the “orthodox” physician is almost non-existent, the cure, however, is simply a matter of replacement of the trace element (a correct diagnosis can lead to a remarkably rapid positive clinical response ranging from 48 hours to 30 days for recognizable results); others do not reach full return to normal after permanant biochemical, chromosomal or gross physical damage has occured.

HAIR ANALYSIS

The best way to evaluate ones mineral
status is through the use of a hair analysis.
Blood and urine tests are not universally
useful or infalable in monitoring the bod-
ies mineral status - either for nutritional
evaluation or for determining toxic levels
of heavy metals as our bodies do every-
thing possible (“homeostatic” mechanism)
to keep blood levels of minerals in the nor-
mal range even though we have raging min-
eral deficiencies.

Studies by Dr. Bryan Pate, Simon Fraser
University, have indicated that the levels
of minerals in hair can show changes in an

hourly fashion which is related to the
growth rate of the hair. Hair is also biologi-
cally stable and can be stored for long peri-
ods of time for reanalysis; hair is also eas-
ily obtained by a non-invasive technique
from the nape of the neck, the axilla (un-
der arm) or pubic hair.

The growth of some hair (i.e.-pubic, ax-
illary, beard and mustache) is hormone
dependent, while other hair (i.e.- eye lashes,
eye brows and head hair) growth is less
dependent on hormone output.

The normal human scalp has about
100,000 individual hairs, a few more for
blonds and a lesser amount for red hair;
about 10 to 11 per cent (10,000) are in a
resting non-growth phase contributing to a
normal daily loss of about 100 hairs. The
average human hair grows at a rate of 0.4
to 0.5 mm each day or about one half inch
per month. The healthy hair follicle produc-
ing hair is richly supplied with blood that
contains essential minerals as well as toxic
minerals which are laid into the growing
hair protein as a function of the rate of
growth of the hair and its sulphydral groups
(sulfur to sulfur bonds).

Hormonal or other chemical influences
on the follicle affect the incorporation of
specific minerals and the level of the min-
eral in the blood affects the amount depos-
ited in the hair. It is well documented that
the rate of hair growth is influenced by such
factors as age, race, sex, season, nutrition
status as well as hormonal status.

The energy for the metabolism and
growth of the hair follicle is provided by
blood glucose; therefore variations in blood
glucose (hypoglycemia or diabetes and thus
levels of Cr and Va) levels can affect the
energy cycle of the hair follicle. Adrenal in-
sufficiency is known to result in a reduc-
tion of the amount of pubic hair and axil-

272

lary hair, appears to be related to direct
hormone involvement and the effects of the
glucocorticoids have upon glucose levels in
the blood and glucose metabolism.

Hair is predominantly protein, therefore
changes in protein nutritive status of the
host can alter the make up and composi-
tion of the hair, its growth rate and the rate
and level of trace element accumulation.
Changes in hair structure can result from
changes of protein metabolism, protein
malnutrition which affects the hair diam-
eter, growth rate and tensile strength.

Crounse and Van Scott have demon-
strated that hair root protein is a more sen-
sitive indicator of protein metabolism and
malnutrition than serum albumin.

Hair is composed of epithelial cells ar-
ranged in three layers:

1) Cuticle
2) Cortex
3) Medulla

The cortex forms the bulk of the hair
mass; it is a column of epithelial cells that
is formed into a rigid homogeneous mate-
rial. In new hair, the cortex is comprised of
irregularly shaped cells that perculate tis-
sue fluid. As the hair grows, the hair shaft
dries out and the cavities lose the fluid.

The chemical structure of hair protein
in the cortex layer (keratin) is similar to the
protein of dental enamel and finger and toe
nails. When human hair is treated with cold
waving solutions, bleaches, synthetic or-
ganic hair dyes or depilatories, a significant
decrease in the cystine (sulfur amino acid)
levels occur; this changes the physical char-
acteristics of the hair and its ability to bind
trace minerals.

The pigment in the hair is produced in
the cells of the hair bulb and continues to

form in the cells of the cortex. Hair pigment
is a type of melanin which is formed in the
presence of the enzyme tyrosinase and its
effects on the essential amino acid tyrosine
(copper is required as a cofactor for this
reaction - therefore a copper deficiency re-
sults in white, silver or gray hair). The pig-
ment in red hair (tricosiverin) is an iron-
containing pigment resulting in relatively
high iron content in red hair.

Some 72 elements have been identified
in human hair in concentrations ranging
from 0.1 to 100 micrograms per gram (ppm);
the vast majority of these trace minerals in
human metabolism function chiefly as key
components of enzyme systems (metallo
enzymes or RNA or DNA replications
(metal fingers). These trace minerals and
Rare Earths serve as facilitators for en-
zymes and when deficient or absent the
enzymes, RNA and DNA are either unable
or have a reduced capacity to perform their
specific function.

Human head hair is considered a "re-
cording filament" that records metabollic
changes of trace elements and Rare Earths
over a long period of time and therefore
like the growth rings in a tree are record-
ings of past nutritional events. Dr. Gordus,
University of Michigan, tested the head hair
of naval midshipmen, Anapolis and army
cadets from West Point - when the incom-
ing freshman cadets arrive at their respec-
tive academies, they have widely different
levels of trace minerals in their hair, reflect-
ing the variation in their local nutritional
intakes - as they accumulate time at the
academies their hair trace mineral patterns
became more and more alike showing very
clearly that the nutritional intake, not indi-
vidual genetics, is the primary factor deter-
mining hair levels of trace minerals and
Rare Earths.

273

weeeeeet
ceeeeeteD

Blood and urine are relatively free of
toxic minerals during the chronic stages of
exposure, even though large harmful lev-
els may be in the brain, liver, kidneys and
bones. Adequate blood levels of calcium
and other essential minerals are maintained
atnormal levels in blood even during a rag-
ing deficiency state by drawing on ever
deminishing body reserves from the bones,
liver, kidneys, muscles and heart.

Hair analysis are performed on nonperishable samples of body tissue minerals and are a recording of the bodies mineral status over a period of several months - additionally hair concentration of trace minerals and Rare Earths are 200 times greater than those found in blood.

Detection of lead, arsenic, mercury and
cadmium in hair samples are used as fo-
rensic evidence in every court in the land.
Hair analysis was first used by forensic in-
vestigators to detect murder by chronic ar-
senic poisoning. It is well known that
Napoleon’s hair, which was analyzed in
1961, contained at least 100 times the nor-
mal average values for arsenic - two possi-
bilities exist:

1) Napoleon was murdered by
chronic arsenical poisoning over a
long period of time.

2) Napoleon was impotent and was
using arsenic as an aphrodesiac or
to satisfy deep cravings (pica) like
James Maybrick (“Jack the Ripper”)
- both uses of supplementary arsenic
were common during their times.

SAMPLE COLLECTION:

Samples of hair should be taken from
the first inch of hair from the nape of the

neck to reduce the environmental effects
on the mineral values of the hair (the ex-
cess length over one inch should be clipped
off and discarded). In the event insufficient
head hair is available, body, axillary or
pubic hair may be used (identify the source
of hair with the sample). The hair sample
should be collected with a stainless steel
scissors or a plastic scissors to prevent metal
contamination from soft steel scissors.
Sample size should be a heaping table-
spoon, which should be placed in a new
unused # 10 business sized envelope and
sealed, the sample containing envelope is
then placed in a mailing envelope.

Hair anaysis results and a computerized
evaluation are available for $100. Hair
samples and checks made to Dr. Joel
Wallach should be mailed to :

Dr. Joel D. Wallach
P.O. Box 1222
Bonita, CA 91908

Please enclose your name, address, tele-
phone number, age, sex and source of hair
with the sample.

The hair sample is washed in a deter-
gent and solvent to remove all surface con-
taminants. The cleaned hair is weighed and
converted to a liquid by digestion in a strong
acid. The liquified hair is analyzed in an
atomic absorption spectrometer. Hair
analysis and mineral evaluation can indi-
cate and identify many nutritional deficien-
cies and give early risk warnings, but alone
are usually insufficient for a diagnosis of
disease. Hair analysis can identify toxic
metal exposure and monitor progress to-
wards recovery.

Haphazard collection and handling of
the hair sample can affect the results. The
laboratories washing methods of the

274

samples vary resulting in varying results
between labs. Tints, shampoos and
bleaches affect the levels of calcium, mag-
nesium, zinc, copper, selenium and many
of the Rare Earths. ‘

Results of hair analysis are reported in
ppm or micrograms/ gram.

INTERPRETATION OF
THE HAIR ANALYSIS:

Various patterns of mineral deficiencies
and their associations with disease are well
documented in the literature:

Schizophrenia - high Ca; low Iron; high Copper.

Sociopath/violent (Dr. Jekyll/Mr. Hyde rages) - low in copper, zinc, sodium, chromium, vanadium and lithium.

Arthritis - (osteoporosis/ hyperparathyroidism) - high Lead, Calcium and Phosphorus; low Iron and Copper.

Anemia - low Iron, Copper, Selenium, Cobalt.

Diabetes (prediabetes/hypoglycemia) - low Chromium, Vanadium, sodium, potassium, manganese, Zinc.

If all of the mineral levels in the hair analysis are universally low it indicates maldigestion ( hypochlorhydria - low stomach acid) and/or malabsorption ( celiac disease - wheat gluten or cows milk albumen allergy).

In some cases “elevated” hair level values represent actual depletion or shedding of minerals from body stores, i.e.- elevated calcium and magnesium levels reveal very active osteoporosis and associated arthritis, periodontitis and predilection for kidney stones.

Elevated hair levels of sodium, potassium and chloride indicate deficiencies of essential fatty acids, with resultant malfunctions of the skin glands which loose electrolytes instead of conserving them. These false “elevations” return to normal following the proper mineral and essential fatty acid supplementation.

The ratios of trace minerals and Rare Earths in hair are of interest in the interpretation of a hair analysis as they are good barometers of what is happening in specific organ systems or tissues (Table 11 - 2).

[Table 11-2 · Ideal Hair Mineral Ratios — figure]

275

TOXIC METAL ELIMINATION
BY MINERAL SUBSTITUTION:

It is very well known among nutritional chemists that minerals can neutralize or reverse the toxic effects of other minerals (i.e.- Se is a specific antidote for Hg poisoning, Ca for Pb, etc.) therefore, we are making available the results of an interesting clinical study carried out and published by Gary Price Todd, MD.

Lead is considered one of the more universally dangerous toxic minerals because of its wide distribution in nature as well as being a major feature and toxic waste of modern industry. The magnitude of the lead problem is illustrated by the statistic that more than 400,000 tons of industrial lead is pumped into the American bios annually resulting in the insidious poisoning of over 38 million Americans each year!!

For almost 75 years, tetraethyl lead was
added to gasoline motor fuel during pro-
duction to reduce the cost; drivers unwit-
tingly distributed the lead in the form of an
ultra-fine dust over the roads and thorough-
fares of the world contaminating the fields
and thus the crops we consumed. Until the
mid-fifties, lead was widely used in the paint
and pigment industry because of the broad
range of brilliant colors that can be obtained
with lead compounds.

Lead paint became and is still a serious
potential problem to urban children, espe-
cially those living in older homes as the
oxidized lead paint chips and dust are
tempting to little children suffering from
pica or mineral deficiency induced cravings.
Another source of dietary lead comes in
the beautiful ceramic glazes used in deco-
rative pottery from third world countries
mistakenly used for food containers. Lead
from paint and fuel also gets into the soils

of urban gardens.

Another source of lead in our food chain
is the sealant materials used to close the
seams in steel or tin canned foods. One
study showed that canned tuna has nearly
double the level of lead as fresh tuna.

Cadmium is widely distributed as a re-
sult of its use in the rubber and metal fabri-
cating industries. Cadmium plating is used
on many metals to prevent rust and cad-
mium is added to the rubber in automo-
bile tires to enhance the quality of the rub-
ber and as a result of this wide industrial
use is rapidly becoming a major health
challenge in America.

Tobacco contains 23 micrograms of cadmium per pack of cigarettes. The major portion of the cadmium in tobacco is volatilized when the tobacco is burned and is inhaled and the residue not absorbed is passed out in the exhaled smoke as a major feature of “second hand” smoke.

Cadmium interferes with the biological function of several metalloenzymes, especially those containing zinc (deficiency lowers the effectiveness of the human immune system as well as producing a wide variety of preventable birth defects in pregnant woman who smoke), copper (deficiency increases loss of elastic fibers. therefore smokers have more skin wrinkles and aneurysms), calcium (deficiency results in hypertension, osteoporosis and arthritis) and selenium (deficiency increases the individuals risk of cataracts, cancer and cardiomyopathy heart disease). Kidney damage, liver disease and treatment resistant glaucoma have been attributed to elevated tissue cadmium levels.

Mercury is widely distributed in nature
and is used as a manufacturing inhancer
as well as an antifungicidal agent to pro-
tect seed grain from molding in the ground;

276

[Graphs 11-1..3 · Hair toxic-metal levels (Al/Pb/Hg/Cd) before & after plant-derived colloidal-mineral treatment — Dr. Todd's study; Tables 11-4 (elevated at baseline) and 11-5 (reduced by 8–16 months) — figure]

278

mercury is also in common use as a dental amalgam to fill in dental caries and as a result is a common toxic waste of a variety of dental, agricultural and industrial processes.

Although the American Dental Association argues that the mercury used in dental amalgams is permanently trapped in the fillings, the reality is that 50 % or more of the mercury in dental amalgams is slowly volatilized over a decade. The mercury of dental amalgams is sufficiently dangerous to prompt the EPA to class the left over scrapings from newly applied dental amalgams as a toxic waste and the ADA to warn dentists, “Handling amalgams requires extreme caution and a no touch technique should be employed.” Mercury toxicity from dental amalgam is associated with the cause of multiple sclerosis (MS), Lou Gehrig's Disease (ALS) and Parkinson’s Disease.

Dr. Todd took patients with elevated hair levels of lead, mercury or cadmium for his studies on mineral substitution. Blood tests were performed to determine blood levels of the toxic metals. The participating patients were given three ounces of liquid plant derived colloidal minerals daily and the hair analysis was repeated at three month intervals.

The results of Todd’s study was very revealing. Initially, many participants of the study showed low levels of the toxic minerals in their hair. In fact, the three-month repeat hair analysis showed that in the majority of patients with measurable levels of lead, cadmium and mercury in their hair at the onset of the experiment there was an increase in hair levels of the toxic minerals (Table 11-3). Since the levels of toxic minerals are increased in the hair during the first few months, use of Todd’s protocol may be an effective method of unmasking latent (hidden) body stores of lead, cadmium or mercury.

In the subsequent three month hair analysis there was a significant drop in the hair levels of lead, cadmium and mercury. Todd translated his findings to mean that there is a mobilization of tissue stores of the toxic minerals by the plant derived colloidal minerals that resulted in the initial hair analysis increase at the three month test repeat. Repeated hair analysis at six to 16 months demonstrated that the rate and degree of toxic mineral reduction in the hair appears to be time and dose related (Table 11- 4).

THE PERIODIC TABLE OF:
METALS, MINERALS, TRACE
MINERALS & RARE EARTHS

Some 79 minerals have been detected in animal and human tissue (i.e.-blood, liver, muscle, brain,etc.(Table 11 - 5)) fulfilling part of the requirements for essentiality, numerous, literally thousands of animal studies on pregnant, suckling, weanling and mature laboratory mice , rats, rabbits, dogs, cats, pigs, sheep, cattle, chickens, turkeys, ducks, etc. have documented additional support for the essentiality of at least 60 minerals (i.e.- act as mineral cofactors for DNA, RNA or enzyme systems or vitamin utilization).

The periodic table (Table 11 - 6) repre-
sents the Earth's elements in an organized
format that is the basis for the systematics
of chemistry. Initially, the table listed the
elements in order of increasing atomic
weight (combined mass of protons, elec-
trons and neutrons). The usefullness of the
periodic table increased enormously in
terms of it's predictive value when the ele-

279

[Table 11-6 · The Periodic Table of the Elements — figure]

280

ments were reorganized according to atomic
number (number of protons in the nucleus
and the number of electrons that an atom
of the element contains).

Minerals associated with human physi-
ology (positive and negative) and disease
(deficiency and toxicity) are presented in
alphabetical order by chemical symbol for
convenient access.

Ac = Actinium originates from igne-
ous rocks; usually found at an extremely
low concentration of 5.5 x 107° ppm. Ac-
tinium is readily absorbed by plant roots;
however, very little is transported to the
stem, leaves and shoots of the plant. Ac-
tinium accumulates and presumably has
metabolic functions in the bones and liver.

Ag ~ Silver originates from igneous

rocks and sedimentary rocks and is found
at the rate of 0.07ppm in rocks and in soils
at the rate of 0.1 ppm; fresh water at 0.00013
ppm; sea water at 0.0003 ppm; marine al-
gae at 0.25 ppm; land plants from 0.06 ppm
to 1.4 ppm in accumulator plants growing
near silver ore. Epiogonum ovalifolium is a
silver indicator plant. Silver is found at 3.0
to 11.0 ppm in marine animals; in land
mammals generally 0.05 to 0.7 ppm; muscle
at 0.16 to 0.8 PPM and tortoise shell at 0.05
to 0.7ppm.

Silver has been employed in human
health care and in the search for immortal-
ity since the days of the Chinese alchemist
8,000 years ago. Many feel that silver is in
fact an essential element, not because it is
required for an enzyme system, but rather
as a systemic disinfectant and immune sys-
tem support.

Sir Malcom Morris reported in the Brit-
ish Medical Journal (May 12,1917) that

colloidal silver is “free from the drawbacks
of other preperations of silver, viz-pain
caused and discoloration of the skin; in-
deed, instead of producing irritation it has
a distinctly soothing effect. It rapidly sub-
dues inflammation and promotes healing
of the lesions, it can be used with remark-
able results in enlarged prostate with irrita-
tion of the bladder, in pruritis ani and
perineal eczema, and in haemorrhoids.”

J.Mark Hovell reported in the British
Medical Journal (December 15, 1917) that,
“colloidal silver has been found to be ben-
eficial for permanently restoring the patency
of the eustachian tubes and for reducing
nasopharyngeal catarrh. Colloidal silver has
also been used sucessfully in septic condi-
tions of the mouth ( including pyorrhea
alveolysis - Rigg’s disease), throat (includ-
ing tonsilitis and quincies), ear (including
Menier’s symptoms and closure to
Valsalva’s inflation), and in generalized sep-
ticemia, leucorrhea, cystitis, whooping-
cough and shingles.”

Taken internally, the particles of colloi-
dal silver are resistant to the action of di-
Jute acids and alkalies of the stomach and
intestine, and consequently continue their
catalytic action and pass into the intestine
unchanged.

T.H. Anderson Wells reported in Lan-
cet (February 16, 1918) that a preperation
of colloidal silver was “used intraveinously
in a case of peurpural septicemia without
any irritation of the kidneys and with no
pigmentation of the skin.”

Silver sulfadiazine (Silvadene, Marion
Laboratories) is used in 70 percent of the
burn centers in America; discovered by Dr.
Charles Fox, Columbia University,
sulfadiazine has been used successfully to
treat syphilis, cholera and malaria; it also
stops the herpes virus responsible for “cold

281

sores” and “fever blisters.”

Silver is an anti-bacterial, anti-viral,
anti-fungal anti-metabolite that disables
specific enzymes that micro-organisms use
for respiration. Silver is such an efficient
anti-bacteriacidal that our “Great-grand
mothers put silver dollars in fresh milk to
keep it from spoiling at room temperature.”

Humans can consume 400 mcg of silver
per day. A silver “deficiency” results in an
impaired immune system. In, The Body
Electric, Dr. Robert Becker identified a re-
lationship between low levels of tissue and
dietary silver and the rate of illness (i.e.-
flu, colds,etc.); he stated, “silver deficiency
was responsable for the improper function-
ing of the immune system, and silver does
more than just kill disease causing organ-
isms; it was also causing major growth
stimulation (another criteria for essential-
ity) of injured tissue.” Human fibroblast
cells were able to multiply at a great rate,
producing large numbers of primitive, em-
bryonic cells in wounds that are able to dif-
ferentiate into whatever cell types that are
necessary to heal the wound.

Dr. Bjorn Nordstrom, of the Karolinska
Institute, Sweden, has used silver in his
alternative cancer therapy programs.

According to Science Digest (Silver: Our
Mightiest Germ Fighter. March, 1978) silver
is an antibiotic, silver kills over 650 disease
causing organisms; resistant strains fail to
develop; silver is absolutely non-toxic to
humans at standard rates of consumption.

Al - Aluminum is found in igneous
rocks at 5,000 ppm, shales at 82,000 ppm,
sandstone at 25,000ppm, limestone at
4,200ppm and clay at 71,000 ppm. Alumi-
num represents 12% of the Earths
crust(most common metal in the Earth's

crust) and is found in high concentrations
in all plants grown in the soil (Table 11 -7)
including food crops. Acid soils yield high-
est amounts of soil aluminum to plants. It
is found in marine plants at 60 ppm and is
especially high in plankton and red algae;
land plants at (0.5 to 4,000 ppm) an aver-
age of 500 ppm; marine mammals at19 to
50 ppm and is found in the highest levels
in the hair and lungs. Known biological function is to activate the enzyme succinic dehydrogenase, increases survival rate of newborn and according to professor Gerhardt Schrauzer, head of the department of chemistry at UCSD, is probably an essential mineral for human nutrition.

European chemists realized a light-
weight metal was associated with clay in
the early 1700's. A particularly rich alumi-
num clay was found in Las Baux, France -
giving aluminum rich clay (Bauxite) its
name.

Aluminum does not appear as a free
metal in nature, but is found only in tight
combination with oxygen forming a hard
oxide known as alumina. When contami-
nated with traces of other elements alumina
becomes a gem such as rubies or sapphires
(used in Ayruvedic medicine).

Sir Humphrey Davy, a prominent En-
glish chemist of the 16th century named the
“metal of clay” aluminum.

The Danish physicist, Hans Christian
Oerstad (1825) “discovered” electromag-
netics and first isolated aluminum by treat-
ing alumina containing clay with carbon,
chlorine amalgam of potassium to get a
mixture of volital mercury and aluminum;
he boiled the mercury away as a vapor
which left a powdery metal that “in color
and luster somewhat resembles tin.”

Napoleon III, realizing the potential
military value of aluminum, personally

282

sponsored aluminum smelting research and
although production costs fell, aluminum
remained a semiprecious metal.

In 1884, an American metallurgist pro-
duced a pyramid of pure aluminum to fit
the top of the 555 foot Washington Monu-
ment in Washington, DC. The pyramid at
100 ounces was the largest lump of alumi-
num ever produced; before the monu-
ments crowning ceremony, the aluminum
pyramid was displayed at Tiffany’s in New
York City to the amazement of viewers (at
that time aluminum was more valuable
than silver and they used eight platinum
lightening rods to protect it).

In the College of Oberlin, Ohio Charles
Hall, a minister's son used a cast iron skil-
let, a gasoline stove and a crude home-
made crucible to smelt aluminum. Hall
used an electrolysis process to isolate alu-
minum; this technique had not been suc-
cessfully employed by Sir Humphrey Davy
80 years earlier, however, Hall added a step
to the procedure.

Prior to sending the electricity through
the Bauxite clay, Hall dissolved the alumina
in a molten superheated cryolite solvent.
Then in February 23, 1886 at the age of 22
Hall pulsed battery electricity through the
molten mixture - when the mix cooled, he
broke open the mass with a hammer to find
“a clutch of silvery pellets.”

A similar process was discovered in
Gentilly, France by 22 year old Paul L. T.
Heroult. Almost all of today’s metallic alu-
minum is produced by the Hall-Heroult
smelting process. Hall’s young company
(Alcoa) was the first company to use the
hydroelectricity generated by Niagara Falls
in 1895.

Kaolin, another fine particle clay used
medicinally to control diarrhea
(kaopectate) is a clay with a high alumina

content (35 %!!!). Alunite and anorthosite
are aluminum containing rocks that are
found in Wyoming, Utah and other west-
ern states. Laterite, a low yield bauxite has
been discovered in large quantities in Or-
egon, Washington and Hawaii. Metallic
aluminum is also found in oil shale and fly
ash from coal furnaces (the metallic alumi-
num from these industrial pollutants con-
taminate our air, water and food supply).
Aluminum makes up 12 % of Earth’s
crust and is therefore the Earth’s most abun-
dant metallic element. Aluminum is found
in large biological quantities in every plant

Table 11- 7. Organic Colloidal
Aluminum in Food Crops.

Aluminum in ppm

Cucumbers...
Cabbage/lettuc:
Spinach/mustard greens .
Melons

Peas...

Peppers

Potatoes

Turnips/carrots

Tomatoes

283

weeeeeeee
CRRRERIED

grown in soil (Table 11- 7), animal and hu-
man. You can’t eat any grain, vegetable,
fruit or nut or drink any natural water source
or juice without taking in large quantities
of aluminum!!!

The aluminum found in plants is organi-
cally bound colloidal aluminum and ap-
pears not to have any negative affect and
in fact appears to be an essential element
in human nutrition.

Many studies have linked chronic ex-
posure to metallic aluminum to Alzheimer's
Disease, a relatively new disease that re-
sults in a loss of reasoning, memory and
speach. Alzheimer's Disease strikes 4 mil-
lion Americans annually and is the fourth
leading cause of death in adults after can-
cer, heart disease and stroke.

In a study that appeared November 5,
1992 in the science journal, Nature, Frank
Watt, et al (University of Oxford) used a
highly accurate laboratory techniques to
quantify the levels of aluminum in the
brains of Alzheimer’s patients. To their great
surprise, they found the same levels of alu-
minum in the brains of the non-Alzheimer’s
controls as they did in their Alzheimer’s
patients!!! Watts believes that aluminum
contaminated stains gave faulty results in
the early studies that high lighted alumi-
num. A 1994 study "implicated" zinc as a
causitive factor in the genesis of Alzheimer's
disease (if you believe this one, we have
some ocean-front property in Montana to

sell you.

A July 1992 study released by UCSD
stated that vitamin E would relieve memory
loss in Alzheimer's patients - this result is
not too surprising in light of the history of
“star-gazing” in poultry, where
encephalomalacia or brain wasting
(Alzheimer’s Disease) was prevented and
in the early stages cured by high doses of
vitamin E and selenium.

A study reported in the Medical Journal
of Australia, that it was a fact that drinks in
aluminum cans contained more aluminum
than water from the local water supply. In
106 aluminum cans and bottles represent-
ing 52 different beverages, all had higher
aluminum content than the local water sup-
ply which was 1.8 umol/L. Non cola
softdrinks averaged 33.4 umol/L from cans
and 5.6 umoV/L from bottles (Table 11- );
cola drinks averaged 24.0 umoV/L from alu-
minum cans and 8.9 umol/L from bottles;
beer in cans and bottles averaged 6.0 umol/
L thus adding another source of metallic
aluminum to the human food chain.

Am - all isotopes of Americum are
radioactive and have a 7,950 year half life.
Americum accumulates in mammalian
bone.

Ar - Argon is found in Igneous rocks
at 3.0 to 5.0 ppm and can be used to date

Table 11- 8. Metallic Aluminum Contamination of Drinks in pbb.

EPA
Limit

Norfolk, Va
Water supply

50 40-70

Coca Cola
Classic

Blue Sky
Natural Soda

620 6,160

284

ancient rocks using the potassiunV/argon
dating system; fresh water and sea water at
0.06 ppm and mammalian blood at 0.75

ppm.

AS - Arsenic is found in igneous rock
at 1.0 to 8.0 ppm; shale at 13.0 ppm; sand-
stone and limestone at 1.0 ppm; fresh wa-
ter at 0.0004 ppm; sea water at 0.003ppm;
soils at 6.0 ppm (Argentina and New
Zealand have toxic high arsenic soils in
some regions); marine plants 30.0ppm; land
plants 0.2 ppm; marine animals 0.005 to
0.3ppm (accumulated by coelenterates,
mollusca and crustaceans; land animals <
0.2 ppm (concentrates in hair and nails);
essential for survivability of newborn and
neonatal growth.

Arsenic metabolism is affected by tissue and blood levels of zinc, selenium, arginine, choline, methionine, taurine and guaniacetic acid, all of which affect methyl-group metabolism and polyamine synthesis which is the site of arsenic function in human physiology.

Arsenic promotes the growth rate of
chicks at 90 to 120 ppm. The rate of growth
and metamorphosis of tadpoles is enhanced
by the presence of arsenic.

Arsenic was first identified in dead
human bodies in 1834 by the French Acad-
emy. Arsenic normally appears in female
human blood at 0.64 ppm, it rises to 0.93
ppm during menstruation and 2.20 ppm
during months five and six of pregnancy.

All marine life is richer in tissue arsenic
levels than in terrestrial animals:

Sea Fish (vertebrates)
0.1 to 3.0 ug/Kg
Prawns and clams
3.0 to 174 ug/Kg

Shrimp (October)
152 to 172 ug/Kg
Shrimp(May/June)
21 to 51 ug/Kg

Eighteen percent of dietary As2O3 was
stored in rat liver whereas only 0.7 percent
of shrimp tissue arsenic was stored in rat
livers (65 times greater toxicity potential
from metallic arsenic than from organically
bound arsenic).

Arsenic in combination with choline
prevents 100 percent of perosis (“slipped
tendon”) in chickens and poultry. Perosis
in birds results in a “carpal tunnel,” "TMJ"
and “repetitive motion” type degeneration
(Fig. 11 - 1).

At-all isotopes of Astatine are radio-
active; they have an extremely short half
life of 7.2 to 8 hours. It is accumulated by
the mammalian and human thyroid after
ingestion but is rapidly excreted.

AU - Gold is found in igneous and
sedimentary rocks at 0.004 ppm; fresh wa-
ter at 0.00006 ppm; sea water at 0.000011
ppm; marine plants at 0.012 ppm; land
plants 0.0005 to 0.002 ppm (gold concen-
trates in the horse tail plant); marine ani-
mals 0,0003 to 0.008 ppm; land animals
0.00023 ppm and in mammalian liver forms
a colloid.

Gold compounds (gold sodium
thiomalate, gold thioglucose also known as
aurothioglucose) are frequently given by
allopathic physicians as an add on therapy
with salicylates (aspirin) for arthritis when
added pain relief is required. Gold has been
reported only to be effective against active
joint inflammation and is not usually help-
ful for advanced destructive rheumatoid

285

Fig. 11-1 “Perosis” or “slipped-tendon” in a young peafowl. Note unusual angle
of left leg resulting from an arsenic, manganese and or choline deficiency.

286

arthritis.

Gold is not analgesic but may have anti-
inflammatory effects. Standard doses are
given IM at weekly intervals: 10 mg initially,
25 mg second week and 50 mg per week
until a total of 1 G has been administered
then the maintenance dose is reduced to
50 mg every two to four weeks. Relapse is
expected three to four months after
withdrawl of the gold treatments.

Gold compounds are not to be used in
patients with liver or kidney disease, blood
diseases or SLE.

Toxic reactions to gold therapies include
pruritus (itching), dermatitis, stomatitis, GI
discomfort, increase in urine albumin,
blood in the urine, aplastic anemia, re-
duced WBC, hepatitis and pneumonitis.

B - Boron is found in igneous rocks at
10 ppm; shale 100 ppm; sandstones at 35
ppm; limestone at 20 ppm; fresh water at
0.013 ppm; sea water at4.0 to 6.0 ppm; soil
2.0 to 100 ppm (highest in saline and alka-
line soils); in California certain deserts have
toxic levels; marine plants 120 ppm(highest
in brown algae); land plants
at5Oppm;Chenopodiaceaeand
Plumboginaceae are indicator plant fami-
lies; marine animals at 20 to 50 ppm; land
animals 0.5ppm; boron is essential for bone metabolism including efficient use of calcium and magnesium and proper function of endocrine glands (i.e.- ovaries, testes and adrenals).

Pure boron is hard and grey and melts
at over 4,000 degrees F. Boron, a non me-
tallic mineral, occurs as a combination in
nature, i.e.- borax, boric acid (sassolite),
ulexite, colemanite, boracite and tourma-
line.

Large deposits of borax or “diamond

boron” were discovered in Death Valley in
1881. The Death Valley deposits were made
famous by the 20 mule team wagons that
hauled out the mined borax. The rear
wheels were 7 foot high, each wagon bed
was 16 foot long and could carry 24,000
pounds (12 tons) of borax. Each 20 mule
team pulled two wagons plus a 1,200 gal-
lon water wagon (36.5 tons in each load!!),
the total length of the team and equipment
was 120 foot long. The rail head in Mojave
was 165 miles from the Death Valley mine
site.

Prior to 1981, boron was not considered
an essential nutrient; boron was first shown
to be an essential mineral for growing
chicks. It was not until 1990 that boron was
accepted as an essential nutrient for hu-
mans.

Boron is required for the maintenance of bone and normal blood levels of estrogen and testosterone; within eight days of supplementing boron women lost 40 percent less calcium, 33 percent less magnesium and less phosphorus through their urine.

Women getting boron supplementation had blood levels of estradiol 17B doubled to “levels found in women on estrogen replacement therapy,” the levels of testosterone almost doubles.

Ba - Barium is found in igneous rocks at 425 ppm; shales at 580 ppm; sandstone at 50 ppm; limestone at 120 ppm; fresh water at 0.054 ppm; sea water at 0.03 ppm; soil at 500 ppm (can be “fixed” or tightly bound by clay minerals); marine plants at 30 ppm (highest in brown algae); land plants 14 ppm (the fruit of Bertholletia excelea can have up to 4,000 ppm) marine animals 0.2 to 3.0 ppm (highest in hard tissues such as bone and shell); land animals 0.0 to 75 ppm (highest in bone, lung and eyes) - thought to be essential to mammals (Rygh,O. : Bull Soc Chem Biol.31. 1052 & 1403.1949).

Be - Beryllium is found in igneous rocks at 2 to 8 ppm; shale at 3 ppm; sandstone and limestone < 1.0 ppm; fresh water 0.001 ppm; sea water at 0.0000006 ppm; soil at 0.1 to 40 ppm; marine plants at 0.001ppm (highest in brown algae); land plants at < 0.1 ppm (highest in volcanic soils); land animals at 0.0003 to 0.002 ppm in soft tissue.

Bi - Bismuth is found in igneous rocks at 0.17 ppm; shale at 1.0ppm; sea water at 0.000017 ppm; land plants at 0.06 ppm; marine animals at 0.09 to 0.3 ppm; land animals at 0.004 ppm.

Stress has historically been blamed as the boogy-man causing stomach and peptic ulcers of the stomach and duodenum. Human studies have in fact demonstrated that the true cause of peptic ulcers is a gastric infection with a bacterium known as Helicobacter pylori.

Australian gastroenterologist Barry Marshall, M.D. and pathologist J. Robbin Warren proposed their theory for the bacterial cause of peptic ulcers in 1983 (the bacterial cause of gastric ulcers in pigs was known in 1952).

Marshall, now on the staff of Virginia Health Sciences Center in Charlottesville, said, “we were going against medical dogma.”

During a study of recurrent duodenal ulcers by eight Australian researchers, our group of patients received antibiotics, the others a placebo for 12 days. For six to ten weeks both groups received the standard Zantac, one of the commonly prescribed drugs used to block the production of stomach acid.

After six weeks the ulcers of 92 percent of the patients on antibiotics had healed, whereas only 75 percent of the placebo group had healed. One year later only four of the 50 people treated with antibiotics had a recurrence of their ulcers, whereas 42 of the 49 given the placebo had a return of their ulcers.

A study by Dr. David Graham, Chief of Digestive Diseases at the Veterans Administration Medical Center, Houston confirmed that H. pylori is the cause of most gastric and duodenal peptic ulcers -"the proof is there,” according to Graham.

The treatment of choice for ulcers is ten days to four weeks on tetracycline antibiotics, anti-ulcer medication and bismuth subsalicylate - (the active ingredient in Pepto Bismol).

Br - Bromine is a “halogen” related to iodine and is found in igneous rocks at 3.0 to 5.0 ppm; shale at 4.0 ppm; sandstone 1.0ppm; limestone 0.2 ppm; fresh water 0.2 ppm; sea water 65 ppm; soil 5 ppm; marine plants 740 ppm (highest in brown algae); land plants 15 ppm; marine animals 60 to 1000 ppm; land animals 6.0 ppm; functions by brominated amino acids, strong evidence for essentiality for mammals.

C - Carbon is found in igneous rocks
at 200 ppm; shales at 15,300 ppm; sand-
stones at 13,800 ppm; limestones at
113,500 ppm; fresh water atl lppm; sea wa-
ter at 28 ppm; soils at 20,000 ppm; (up to
90 % of carbon in soil is bound in the hu-

288

|| eezeezeze |

THURSDAY, Feeruary 10, 1994

ULCER CAUSE: the National Institutes of Health
has confirmed that peptic ulcers can be caused by a
bacterium and drug therapy can prevent a recurrence in
90% of cases. An NIH panel stated Wednesday that
Helicobacter pylori plays a significant role in causing peptic
ulcer, which can be cured with a combination of bismuth,
tetracycline and metronidazole. The pane! also said that H.
pylori is linked to gastric cancer but found no data to show
preventing or treating infection reduces the cancer risk.

289

peeeeeze>

PRRREELED

mus); marine plants at 345,000 ppm; land
plants at 454,000 ppm; marine animals
at400,000 ppm; land animals 465,000 ppm
(280,000 ppm in bone).

Carbon functions as an essential struc-
tural atom for all organic molecules( i.e.-
carbohydrates, fats, amino acids, enzymes,
vitamins, etc.) including stored, transported
and functioning organic colloidal minerals.

Carbohydrates normally furnish most
of the energy required to move, perform
work and for the basic biochemical func-
tions of life itself. The chief sources of car-
bohydrates include grains, vegetables, fruits
and sugars. In their simplest form the for-
mula for carbohydrates is CH,0 - the hy-
drogen and oxygen being present in the
same ratio that is found in water H,0 and
there is one carbon for each molecule of
water.

Plants are able to manufacture carbo-
hydrates (sugar and starch), vitamins,
amino acids and fatty acids. The plant
leaves take CO, from the air and in the pres-
ence of chlorophyll (Mg carbon ring struc-
ture) and with the energy from sunlight (pro-
cess known as photosynthesis) manufac-
ture carbohydrate and release 0, as a by
product of the reaction.

Carbohydrates are classified as
monosaccharides (glucose or “grape sugar”,
fructose), disaccharides (sucrose = glucose
and fructode; maltose = glucose and glu-
cose; lactose = glucose and galactose) , oli-
gosaccharides and polysaccharides (starch,
dextrin, fiber, cellulose and glycogen or
“animal starch” are all complexes of glu-
cose units).

Lipids or fats like carbohydrates are
composed of carbon, hydrogen and oxygen.
Fats have the common property of being
insoluble in water, soluble in organic sol-
vents such as ether and chloroform and

utilizable as energy by living organisms.
Fats as a group of carbon compounds in-
cludes ordinary fats, oils, waxes and related
compounds. The primary food sources of
lipids are butter, flax seed oil, olive oil, ani-
mal fat (i.e - pork, chicken, fish, beef, lamb,
etc.), nuts, seeds, whole grains, olives, avo-
cados, egg yolks, dairy products, etc. Fats
serve as a source of energy (9 calories per
gram compared with 4.5 calories per gram
for carbohydrates) both immediate and
stored (body fat).

Triglycerides (the primary component of
fats and oils) are composed of carbon, hy-
drogen and oxygen. Structurally, they are
esters of a trihydric alcohol (glycerol) and
fatty acids. The fatty acids can have from
four to 30 carbon atoms and constitute the
bulk of the triglyceride mass. One hundred
grams of fat or oil will contain 95 grams of
fatty acids.

A fatty acid or hydrocarbon chain is
described with regard to three characteris-
tics: chain length, degree of “saturation”
with hydrogen and location of the first
“double bond.” The length is a reference to
the number of carbon atoms in the chain
(ie.- C,, has 16 carbons in the chain). The
term “short” (less than 6 carbons), “me-
dium” (7 to 11 carbons) and “long” (12 or
more carbons) are used to describe the
chains of fatty acids in the structure of trig-
lycerides.

The degree of hydrogen “saturation” in
fatty acids is defined by the number of
double bonds between carbon atoms in the
fatty acid chains. A chain can contain all
the hydrogen it can hold and have no
double bonds, in which case it is referred
to as a saturated fatty acid. It can contain
one double bond (monounsaturated fatty
acid) or it may contain several double
bonds (polyunsaturated fatty acids).

290

The locations of the first double bond
as counted from the “tail” or methyl end of
the fatty acid is referred to as the “omega”
number (i.e.- omega 3, omega 6, etc.).

Three polyunsaturated fatty acids (li-
noleic, linolenic and arachidonic acids) are
known as essential fatty acids (EFA). How-
ever, only two (linoleic and linolenic) are
designated as EFA as arachidonic acid can
be synthesized by the human from linoleic
acid. EFA have essential roles in fat trans-
port and metabolism, and in maintaining
the function and integrity of cell walls (bi-
lipid layer membranes). They are also part
of the fatty acids of cholesterol esters and
phospholipids in plasma lipoproteins and
mitochondrial lipoproteins. Serum choles-
terol can be lowered by the consumption
of EFA. (Fig. 11-2)

EFA are also the raw material for the
human body to manufacture prostaglandins
that help regulate blood pressure, heart rate,
vascular dilation, blood clotting, bronchial
dilation, and central nervous system (brain
and spinal cord) function.

EFA deficiency in human infants results in a poor growth rate, eczema, lowered resistance to infectious diseases.

Cholesterol is a member of a large group
of fats known as sterols. They all have a
complex carbon ring structure. Cholesterol
is only found in animal tissue, but similar
sterols are found in plants. Cholesterol is
an essential part of the structure of cell
walls, brain and spinal cord, and is the raw
material for the human body to manufac-
ture vitamin D, bile acids, adrenocortical
hormones, estrogens (a cholesterol defi-
ciency makes going through menapause a
living hell so eat two eggs every morning
to slip through menopause almost symp-
tom free), progesterone and testosterone (a
cholesterol deficiency turns hubby into a

Ed

TV watching steer who is totally disinter-
ested in sex).

Ergosterol, a yeast sterol, is converted
to vitamin D, on exposure to sunlight or
ultrviolet light. Beta-sitosterol, another
plant sterol, is usually absorbed in small
amounts by during high levels of consump-
tion will actually raise the blood cholesterol
level.

Proteins are the fundamental structural
components of the living cell (cytoplasm),
they are essential parts of the cell nucleus
and protoplasm. Proteins are the most
abundant of all of the carbon containing
organic compounds in the human body. The
greatest mass of body protein is found in
the skeletal muscle, the remainder is found
in other organs (liver, kidney, stomach, etc.),
bones, teeth, blood and other body fluids
(lymph). Hormones and enzymes are pro-
teins that do work.

Proteins like carbohydrates and fats
contain carbon, hydrogen and oxygen , and
in addition they also contain 16 % nitrogen
(the amine group) sometimes along with
sulfur and other elements such as phospho-
rus, iron, sulfur and cobalt. The basic struc-
tural unit of a protein is the amino acid,
they are united by peptide bonds into long
chains of various geometric structures to
form specific proteins. Digestion of proteins
breaks the peptide bonds to release indi-
vidual amino acids. Use of protein for en-
ergy provides 4.5 calories per gram.

Classically there are nine essential
amino acids that are required in the daily
diet as they can’t be manufactured by the
human body. Forty three percent of pro-
tein for infants must be the essential amino
acids, 36 % for the growing child and only
19 % essential amino acids are required for
adult maintenance (to this classic list of es-
sential amino acids we would add three

291

Fig. 11-2

HT jE Wy

}
ao | metric! sys
PT SYSTEM

292

additional essential amino acids as over the
long haul they prevent certain diseases from
cancer {arginine}, macular degeneration
{taurine} to goiter (tyrosine}).

The classic essential amino acids are:

Amino acid Function
Valine -
lysine
threonine
leucine
isoleucine
tryptophan «......seeeeeeeeee precursor of the vitamin
B, or niacin and serotonin.
Phenylalanine .....sesssssseceeee precursor for thyroxin
and epinephrine.
methionine - ...............--. involved in the formation
of choline and creatine phosphate.
histidine - ..... required for formation of histamine.

An individual consuming protein at
even 300 gm per day (almost 3/4 of a pound
of meat a day) have no adverse effects as
long as they do not have kidney or liver dis-
ease.

Vitamins are a major carbon group of
unrelated organic carbon compounds
needed by the human body in minute quan-
tities each day - they are essential for spe-
cific metabolic reactions of the cell and are
required for normal growth, developement,
maintenance, health, longevity and life it-
self. Vitamins work as coenzymes or acti-
vating side groups for essential subcellular
enzyme systems. Vitamins regulate metabo-
lism, facilitate the conversion of fat and car-
bohydrate to energy and are required for
the formation and repair of tissues in em-
bryos, childrin, teens, adults and seniors.

Many of the solutions to preventing
birth defects (Fig. 11-3), reduced effective-
ness during our daily lives, debilitating de-

generative diseases and fatal diseases are
simply to ensure an optimal intake of the
essential vitamins (Table 11- 9).

Ca - Calcium is found in igneous rocks at 41,500 ppm; shales at 22,100 ppm; sandstone at 39,100ppm; limestone at 302,000 ppm; fresh water at 15 ppm; sea water at 400ppm; soils at 7,000 to 500,000ppm (lowest in acid soils and highest in limestone or alkaline soils); marine plants 10,000 to at 300,000 ppm (highest in calcareous tissues - red, blue-green and green algae and diatoms); land plants 18,000 ppm; marine animals 1,500 to 20,000 ppm; 350,000 ppm in calcarious tissue(sponges, coral, molluscs, echinoderms); land animals at 200 to 85,000 ppm; 260,000 ppm in mammalian bone, 200 to 500 ppm in soft tissue and <5 ppm in RBC. Functions include essentiality for all organisms; cell walls of plants; all calcareous tissues and mammalian bones; electrochemical functions in cells and activates several enzymes.

Calcium is the fifth most abundant min-
eral element in the crust of the Earth and
the biosphere and is essential to all Earth
life forms. There is evidence that clearly
shows humans are designed to consume
and use high calcium diets. The late Pale-
olithic Period of 35,000 to 10,000 years ago
was the most recent time that our human
forebearers lived in the bios for which they
had been biochemically designed. The ag-
ricultural revolution occured 10,000 years
ago and it reduced the wide variety of wild
foods in the human food chain and in-
creased food energy. These changes univer-
sally and forever decreased man's dietary
intake of minerals, trace minerals and Rare
Earths.

The uncultivated food plants and wild

293

Fig. 11-3

A)Hydroencephlocoel in a newly hatched duckiling from folic acid deficient eggs.

se eth a

B) Human embryo with spinal bifida resulting from folic acid or zinc deficiency.

294

Ee

Table 11- 9. Vitamins and the common result of their deficiencies.

Vitamin Deficiency Disease

FAT SOLUBLE

A (Retinol)-1913........... Night blindness (Nyctalopia), conjunctivitis, xerophthalmia,
keratomalacia (corneal ulcers), infertility, birth defects, depressed
immune system, bone disease, poor growth, acne, dermatitis,
hyperkeratosis (“goose flesh”), ichthyosis, increased cancer risk.

DD ssteteverersyel felstols) ovabsinielel -forerorst Rickets, rachitic rosary, bow-legs, knock-knees, osteomalacia,
osteoporosis, arthritis, pigeon chest, profuse sweating, restless leg
syndrome, enlarged wrists, delayed or poor tooth development.

E (Tocopherol) - 1922........ Infertility, lowered immune system, age spots (liver spots, lipid
peroxidation, free radicals), ischemic heart disease, fibrocystic breast
disease, muscle weakness, myalgia, muscular dystrophy, anemia
(hemolysis), increased risk of cancer, Alzheimer’s syndrome.

K (Menaquinone) - 1939...... Extended clotting time, hemorrhage, osteoporosis (osteocalcin

deficiency).

WATER SOLUBLE

B, (Thiamine) - 1897, 1911... Congestive heart failure (Beriberi), loss of memory (Wernicke-Korsakoff syndrome), mental confusion, depression, lethargy,
muscular weakness, paralysis, emotional instability, loss of appetite.

B, (Riboflavin) - 1879,1932... Soreness and burning of lips, mouth and tongue, erosions and swelling
of tongue (“geographic” tongue), magenta tongue, photophobia,
lacrimation (tearing), cheilosis, angular stomatitis, seborrheic dermatitis
of the nasal folds, capillary “injection” of cornea, anemia, neuropathy.

B, (Niacin) -1900........... Pellagra (dermatitis, diarrhea, dementia and retardation), muscular
weakness, anorexia, sore “beef tongue,” darkened skin pigmentation,
scaly dermatitis.

B, (Pantothenic acid) - 1940... Dermatitis, burning of feet, loss of appetite, quarrelsome, sullen,
depressed, tachycardia, fainting, indigestion.

B, (Pyridoxine)............. Depression, nausea, vomiting, seborrheic dermatitis, mucus
membrane lesions and peripheral neuritis, ataxia (instability),
hyperirritability, head tic (Tourette's syndrome), convulsions.

B,, (Cobalamin,
see Co)-1948...........085 Spinal cord demyelination, progressive neuropathy, pernicious
anemia.

295

{8 |]

Table 11- 9. Vitamins and the common result of their deficiencies. (continued)

Vitamin / Deficiency Disease

Folic acid (Folacin) - 1946
Anemia, poor growth, birth defects (spina bifida).

Biotin - 1936
Eczema, alopecia (baldness), depression, hyperesthesia, paraesthesia, blepharitis, gray or white hair.

Vitamin C (Ascorbic acid)
Scurvy, bleeding gums, anemia, poor appetite, poor growth, high risk for infection, high risk for cancer, loosened teeth, skin hemorrhages, swollen wrist and ankle joints, rib/cartilage fractures.

Choline
Fatty liver, kidney hemorrhage, Alzheimer’s disease, tardive dyskinesia, Huntington's disease (treatment requires 20 G per day).

Inositol
Fat metabolism problems

Bioflavonoids - 1936
capillary hemorrhage, reduced immune function.

game commonly available to Stone Age
humans would supply 1600 mg at basal
energy intakes and between 2,000 and
3,000 mg of calcium at the energy levels
required to support hunting and work.

During the 20th century, American
adults have a calcium intake of only one-
fifth to one-third as much as did Stone Age
humans. The National Health & Nutrition
Examination Survey II reported a median
calcium intake for American women of be-
tween 300 and 508 mg per day and only
680 mg for men.

Other nutrients that are rich in the
American diet aggravate the national cal-
cium deficiency. Diets rich in salt and pro-
tein (phosphates) result in an increased
calcium “cost”, that in effect, increases the
requirements for calcium. Urinary calcium
increased from 96 mg per day to 148 mg
per day when food was heavily salted. As
protein (phosphate) intake is doubled the

output in urinary calcium increases 50 %.

There are no less than 147 deficiency
diseases that can be attributed to calcium
deficiency or imbalances. The most recent
clinical research clearly points out that the
entire scope of American diets are critically
deficient in calcium and that the only prac-
tical way to get enough calcium is through
supplementation (the allopaths doing the
study failed again by recommending five
cups of brocolli a day as a valuble sourch
of calcium - try to get a kid or president to
eat that!).

The more common calcium deficiency
diseases (Table 11-10) are easy to recog-
nize and run from poor clotting time of the
blood when you nick yourself shaving (cal-
cium is a co-factor in the clotting mecha-
nism), arthritis (which the allopaths treat
with pain killers), to the well known
osteoporosis.

Famous people who have suffered

296

Table 11-10. Common Calcium Deficiency Diseases.

Disease Complicating factors

Osteoporosis (kyphosis, Dowagers Hump, lordosis, Legg-Perthe's, spontaneous fractures)
Receding gums (osteoporosis of facial bones and jaw bone)
Osteomalacia (failure to mineralize the protein bone matrix)
Arthritis (Degenerative, osteo, spondylitis)
Hypertension (High blood pressure)
Insomnia (inability to get restful sleep)
Kidney stones
Bone spurs (heel spurs or anywhere tendons or ligaments attach to the bone)
Calcium deposits (anywhere tendons or ligaments attach to the bone)
Cramps and twitches (foot, calf, eye lids, hamstring muscles, etc.)
PMS (emotional and physical symptoms)
Low back (sciatica, muscle spasm, disc problems)
Bell's Palsy (drooping facial muscle because of strangulated facial nerve)
NSH (nutritional secondary hyperparathyroidism)
Osteofibrosis (enlargement of bones with fibrous scar tissue)
Tetany (convulsions, usually in infants fed undiluted cows milk which contains more phosphorus than calcium)
Panic attacks (hyperirritability)
Complicating factors: deficiencies of Mg, B, Cu, S, Se, St, Ac, Fl and excess of Fl, P, Cd, fat, Vit. D.

297

from calcium deficiency include Pope John
Paul II (fractured hip/osteoporosis); Eliza-
beth Taylor (osteoporosis/ hip replacement
surgery; “Bo”Jackson (fractured hip/
osteoporosis); Bill Walton, a vegan of bas-
ketball fame (knee, foot and bone spur
problems), Ted Williams of baseball fame
(osteoporosis and arthritis), etc.

Calcium is the most abundant mineral
in the human body, the average male has
1,200 grams and the average female has
1,000 grams, makes up one to two percent
of the body weight (water makes up 65 to
75 %) and up to 39 percent of the total min-
eral reserves of the body (ash); 99% is found
in the bones and teeth, the other one per-
cent is found in the blood, extracellular flu-
ids, and within cells where it is a cofactor
and activator for numerous enzymes.

Calcium in bones is in the form of hy-
droxyapatite salts composed of calcium
phosphate and calcium carbonate in a clas-
sic crystal structure bound to a protein
framework ( put a chicken “drumstick”
bone in vinegar for 10 days and the cal-
cium will be leached leaving a protein ma-
trix). Similar types of hydroxyapatite are
found in the enamel and dentin of teeth,
however, little is available from teeth to
contribute to rapidly available Ca to main-
tain blood levels.

In addition to being a major structural
mineral, Ca is also required for the release
of energy from ATP for muscular contrac-
tion, blood clotting (ionized Ca stimulates
the release of thromboplastin from the
platelets, converts prothrombin to throm-
bin - thrombin helps to convert fibrinogen
to fibrin - fibrin is the protein web that traps
RBC’s to make blood clots); Ca mediates
the transport function of cell and organelle
membranes; Ca effects the release of neu-
rotransmitters at synaptic junctions; Ca

=}-—______—

mediates the synthesis, secretion and meta-
bolic effects of hormones and enzymes; Ca
helps to regulate the heart beat, muscle tone
and muscle receptiveness to nerve stimu-
lation.

Calcium is mainly absorbed in the
duodenum, where the environment is still
acid. Once the food in the intestine becomes
alkaline, absorption drops. Calcium is ab-
sorbed from the small intestine by active
cellular transport and by simple difussion.
Metallic calcium absorption may be limited
to 10 percent or less and is affected by many
substances in the gut. Calcium may be ab-
sorbed in the organically bound plant de-
rived colloidals and water soluble chelates.

Lack of vitamin D results in calcium
deficiency, as well as deficiency of stom-
ach acid (hypochlorhydria results from a
restricted NaCl intake); lactose intolerance,
celiac disease, high fat diet and low pro-
tein intake and high phytate consumption
(phytic acid is a phosphorus containing acid
compound found in the bran of grains and
seeds as well as in the stems of many plants,
especially oatmeal and whole wheat which
combine to form calcium phytate which is
insoluble and unavailable to humans) all
result in calcium deficiency; oxalic acid in
thubarb, spinach, chard and greens com-
bines with Ca to form an insoluble calcium
oxalate which is not absorbed; fiber itself,
besides the phytate content, prevents cal-
cium absorption; alkaline intestine, gut
mobility (too rapid-too much fiber, too
much fruit, etc.), pharmaceuticals
(antiseizure drugs, diuretics,etc.) result in
decreased absorption and retention; excess
of caffeine from coffee, tea, colas, etc. will
leach calcium from the bones.

Parathormone secreted by the parathy-
roid gland and calcitonin secreted by the
thyroid gland maintain a serum calcium of

298

8.5 to10.5 by drawing on calcium reserves
from the bones. The parathormone can also
affect the kidney so that it retains more cal-
cium and the gut to be more efficient in
absorption; when the blood calcium begins
to rise from too much parathyroid activity,
calcitonin reduces availability of calcium
from the bones.

In 1980, McCarron, et al, theorized that
chronic calcium deficiency probably led to
hypertension. More than 30 subsequent
studies supported the original theory of
calcium deficiency as the cause of
hypertension, additionally recent studies
have shown that serum ionized calcium is
consistently lower in humans with un-
treated hypertension. In a recent review
article, Sowers, et al, noted that the asso-
ciation of calcium intake and blood pres-
sure is most clear in people with daily cal-
cium intakes of less than 500 mg a day.

The phenomenon of salt sensitivity con-
sists of a rise in blood pressure and sus-
tained increased in urinary loss of calcium
in response to salt consumption. Among
black and elderly whites with essential hy-
pertension, restricted intakes of calcium
and potassium, rather than elevated salt
consumption is responsible for salt sensi-
tivity. In a four year study of 58,218 nurses,
hypertension was more likely to develop in
females who took in less than 800 mg of
calcium per day.

In a 19 year observational study of
1,954 men, 49 cases of colorectal cancer
were identified. Analysis of the results
showed very clearly that the incidence of
colorectal cancer increased 300 % as the
calcium intake decreased from 160 mg/
100kcal to 24,9 mg/100 kcal of diet.

Up to 75% of consumed Ca is lost in
the feces, two percent is lost in the urine
and sweat (15 mg per day is lost in normal

sweating - this can double or triple in ac-
tive athletes); in cases of excess urine loss
of calcium (osteoporosis, NSH, excess P,
etc.) kidney stones (Fig. 11-4), bone spurs
(Fig. 11-5) and calcium deposits will de-
velop.

Bone spurs and heel spurs and calcium
deposits always develope at the sites of in-
sertions of tendons and ligaments during a

Table 11- 11. The Ca:P Ratio
of Various Food Items.

Food/Item

9
a

Ideal Ca:P Ratio

liver/kidney ..

poultry .....

Alfalfa

Whole animal (mouse)
Apple

Grape

Sardines ..

Mackeral .

wheat...

Millet

Milo..

corn ..

Oats.

Sunflower seeds
buckwheat
tice .......
Peanut ..
Beer.
milk(Cow) ....

Bae Desa

299

Fig. 11-4

A) Urinary calculi (stone) in an unsupplemented iguana
fed only calcium poor fruit diet.

B) Urinary calculi from urinary bladder of gopher tortoise fed calcium poor fruit diet

300

Fig. 11-5

64. 2714

14

301

veeeetee>

Thursday, June 9, 1994

Plague of brittle bones: Adults
are not getting enough calcium

ASSOCIATED PRESS

BETHESDA, Md. — Half of
America’s adults are not getting
enough calcium, and that’s contrib-
uting to a plague of brittle bones
and fractures that costs the health
care system $10 billion a year, a
federal committee said yesterday.

A committee of experts assem-
bled by the National Institutes of
Health said the current recom-
mended daily allowance for calcium
is too low, leading to weakened
bones for children, adults and, espe-
cially, for elderly women.

“Calcium is an essential nutrient
for developing and maintaining
strong bones,” the committee said.

And, yet, said Dr. John P. Bilezi-
kian, a professor of medicine at
Columbia University and chairman
of the committee, most Americans
are calcium-poor.

“Recent nutrition surveys have
shown that the average diet of
Americans has a calcium intake
considerably below the recom-
mended daily allowance,” said Bile-
zikian at a news conference.

Without proper levels of calcium,
the panel said, children enter adult-
hood with weakened skeletons, in-
creasing their risk later for osteo-
porosis, the brittle bone disease.
Inadequate calcium in later years
aggravates the problem.

Osteoporosis affects more than
25 million Americans, causing an
estimated 1.5 million fractures and
leading to medical costs of about
$10 billion, Bilezikian said.

New studies, the committee
found, show that recommended lev-
els of calcium now carried on most
food labels is far below what nature
requires for strong bones.

In its report, the panel recom-
mended these levels of calcium,
with the currently recommended
daily allowance in parenthesis:

Children and young adults, 11
through 24: 1,200 to 1,500 milli-
grams (1,200 mg).

Women 25 to 50: 1,000 mg. (800
mg).

Men 25 and older: 1,000 mg.
(800 mg).

Postmenopausal women: 1,000
to 1,500 mg. (800 mg).

Women over 65: 1,500 mg. (800
mg).

For very young children, the
committee endorsed the current
recommended levels of 400 mg dai-
ly for the first half year of life, 600
mg from age 6 months to 1 year,
and 800 mg to age 10.

Bone absorption occurs in wom-
en for up to eight years after meno-
pause because levels of the hor-
mone estrogen drop, the panel said.
Increased calcium does little to re-

duce this bone loss, but it can be
controlled with hormone therapy. A.
boost in calcium levels to 1,500 mg
after age 65, however, “may reduce
the rates of bone loss in selected
areas of the skeleton, such as the
+. .meck,”

The panel said that during the
adolescent growth spurt, calcium
can accumulate in bones at the rate
of 400 to 500 mga day.

“Peak adult bone mass ... is
largely achieved by age 20 years,
although important additional bone
mass may accumulate through the
third decade,” the study said. As a
result, “optimal calcium intake in
childhood and young adulthood is.
critical to achieving peak adult bone
mass.”

The committee said that foods,
principally dairy products and
green leafy vegetables, are the best
sources of calcium, but that most
Americans may need to supplement
their diet with calcium pills or pro-
cessed foods enriched with calcium.

This is particularly true for older
women requiring higher doses, said
Bilezikian.

“It is a task to get up to 1,500
milligrams,” he said. “[herefore,
calcium supplements have been a
viable option to get the needed lev-
els.”

302

| eeeeeeeee ||

THURSDAY, JUNE 16, 1994 + USA TODAY

Hip surgery done with, Liz steps out

LOS ANGELES — In her
first public appearance since
March hip replacement sur-
gery, Elizabeth Taylor made
arriving in an unadorned
wheelchair seem as grand as
an entrance in a gilded car-
riage.

“No pictures till she's out of
her chair,” photographers
were warned at Tuesday
night's opening of the Carole
and Barry Kaye Museum of
Miniatures, which benefited
the Elizabeth Taylor AIDS
Foundation. But as soon as she
took her place at the dais, bulbs
began popping like a frenzied
Fourth of July.

Dressed in a gold gown and
perfectly coifed, Taylor — es-
corted by husband Larry For~
tensky and longtime friend
Roddy McDowall — stood to
speak without help. Flanked by

By Fred Prouser, Reuters
TAYLOR: Stands on her own
at benefit museum opening.

the late Malcolm Forbes’ son
Kip, whose Forbes magazine
underwrote the event, and mu-
seum co-creator Barry Kaye,
the star said it was great to be

303

out again.

What about the strain that a
recuperating spouse can some-
times put on a marriage? “My
husband has been very sup-
portive,” she said, “and I know
it hasn’t been easy.”

Taylor posed for photos with
Fortensky, and when she
turned to get back in her
wheelchair, held onto his hand
for support.

Asked what message she
wanted to send, she said: “Just
send all my love and admira-
tion to all the heroes in the
AIDS war.”

The museum contains a col-
lection of miniature houses
and dioramas. Carol Kaye
builds and collects miniatures;
her financier husband Barry is
the author of books such as Die
Rich and Tax Free.

— Susan Bullington Katz

wegeeeee>
ceeeteeeD |

raging osteoporosis. Bone spurs, heel spurs
and calcium deposits can be reversed and
eliminated by supplementing with signifi-
cant amounts of chelated and colloidal cal-
cium sources.

Not only are our soils and food deficient
in calcium, additionally the American diet
is rich in P, which is found in just about
everything we eat (NPK fertilizer and food
additives).

Ideally, the Ca:P ratio in our daily diet
should be 2:1 (Table 11- 11); however, this
ideallic ratio is not possible (you would
have to eat 25 pounds of broccoli every time
you ate a 16 oz steak!!). The only possible
way to approach the 2:1 ideal is to avoid as
much as possible the high P containing
items (we hate to call colas, processed
“cheese”, etc. foods) and supplement with
plant derived colloidal and chelated cal-
cium.

Cd - cadmium is found in igneous
rocks 0.2 ppm; shale 0.3 ppm; sandstone
0.05ppm; limestone 0.035 ppm; fresh wa-
ter 0.08 ppm; sea water 0.00011 ppm; soils
0.06 ppm; marine plants 0.4 ppm; land
plants 0.6 ppm; marine animals 0.15 to 3.0
ppm; land animals 0.5 ppm (accumulates
in kidney). Functions by stimulating the hatching of nematode cysts (worms). Cadmium bound proteins have been isolated from molluscs and the horse kidney.

Ce - Cerium, a Rare Earth, is found in
igneous rocks 60 ppm; shale 59 ppm; sand-
stones 92 ppm; limestones 12 ppm; sea
Water 0.0004 ppm; soil 50 ppm; land plants
accumulates to 320 ppm by Corya spp.; land
animals 0.003 ppm (accumulates in bone).
Cerium nitrate is used as a topical disinfectant for severe burn victims.

Cl - chlorine is found in igneous rocks
130 ppm; shales 180 ppm; sandstones 10
ppm; limestone 150 ppm; fresh water 7 to
8 ppm; sea water 19,000 ppm; soil 100 ppm
(higher in alkaline soils, near the sea and
in deserts- a major exchangeable anion in
many soils); marine plants 4,700 ppm; land
plants 2,000 ppm; marine animals 5,000 to
90,000 ppm (highest in soft coelenterates);
land animals 2,800 ppm (highest in mam-
malian hair and skin.

Essential for all living species - electrochemical and catalytic functions, activates numerous enzymes and is the basic raw material for our stomachs to make stomach acid (HC]) for protein digestion (pepsin), By, absorption (intrinsic factor) and absorption of metallic minerals.

Sodium chloride or salt is the universal
source of chloride ions.

Cm- cCuriumis found in igneous rocks
at 0.0001 ppm. All isotopes are radioactive
with a 2.5 x 108 years half life; exists in some
molybdenites; this radioactive mineral will
accumulate in mammalian bone.

CO - Cobalt is found in igneous rocks
at about 25 ppm; shales atl19 ppm; sand-
stones at 0.3 ppm; limestone at 0.1 ppm;
fresh water at 0.0009 ppm; sea water at
0.00027 ppm; soils at 8 ppm (higher in soils
derived from basalt or serpentine. Vast ar-
eas of the Earth are known to be absolutely
devoid of cobalt.

Marine plants contain cobalt at 0.7 ppm;
land plants at 0.5 ppm (accumulator plants
include Nyssa sylvatica and Clethra
barbinrvis).

Marine animals contain cobalt at 0.5 to

304

5.0 ppm; land animals 0.03 ppm with great-
est concentrations in the bone and liver.

Essential for blue green algae, some
bacteria and fungi, some plants, insects,
birds, reptiles, amphibians and mammals
including man. Cobalt functions as a co-
factor and activator for enzymes, fixes ni-
trogen during amino acid production; a
single cobalt atom is the central metal
component of vitamin B12 which itself is a
cofactor and activator (cobamide coen-
zymes) for several essential enzymes.

B,, cobalt is chelated in a large
terapyrrole ring similar to the phorphyrin
ring found in hemoglobin and chlorophil.
The original B,, molecule isolated in the
laboratory contained a cyanide group, thus
the name cyanocobalamine; there are sev-
eral different cobalamine compounds that
have vitamin B12 activity, with cyanoco-
balamine and hydroxycobalamine the most
active.

Vitamin B,, is a red crystalline sub-
stance that is water soluble; the red color is
due to the cobalt in the molecule. Vitamin
B,, is slowly deactivated by acid, alkalai,
light and oxidizing or reducing substances;
about 30 percent of B,, activity is lost dur-
ing cooking (electric, gas or microwave).

In 1948, B,, was isolated from liver ex-
tract and demonstrated anti pernicious ane-
mia activity.

The essentiality of cobalt is unusual in
that the requirement is for a cobalt com-
plex known as cyanocobalamine or vitamin
B,,. A pure cobalt requirement is only found
in some bacteria and algae and the need
for B,, cobalt is thought by some to repre-
sent a symbiotic relationship between mi-
crobes which generate and manufacture B,,
from elemental cobalt and vertebrates that

require B,,.

Rumenants (i.e.-cows, sheep, goats,
deer, antelopes, giraffe, etc.) can use el-
emental cobalt, however, the microbes fer-
menting and digesting plant material in
their first stomach (rumen) convert elemen-
tal cobalt into vitamin B12 which the ani-
mal can use.

Carnivores can get their B,, from the
rumenant by consuming stomach contents,
liver, bone and muscle from their kills.

Poultry, lagomorphs (rabbits and hares),
and rodents actively eat feces during the
night (coprophagy) and in the process ob-
tain B,, manufactured by intestinal micro-
organisms.

Metallic cobalt itself, is absorbed at the
rate of 20 to 26.2 percent in mice and and
humans if intrinsic factor is present in the
stomach and the stomach ph is 2.0 or less.
Intrinsic factor is a mucoprotein enzyme
known as Castle's intrinsic factor and is part
of normal stomach secretions.

If a person has hypochlorhydria (low
stomach acid - usually a NaCl deficiency)
the intrinsic factor will not work and B,,
cobalt is not absorbed - this is why doctors
frequently give B,, shots to older people on
salt restricted diets. Sublingual (under the
tongue) and oral spray B,, is available;
plant derived cobalt is very bioavailable,
however, because of low salt diets and co-
balt depleted soils vegetarians frequently
have B,, deficiency.

The B, ,intrinsic factor complex is pri-
marily absorbed in the terminal small in-
testine or ileum; calcium is required for the
B,, to cross from the intestine into the
bloodstream as well as an active participa-
tion by intestinal cells. Simple difussion can
account for one to three percent of the vi-

305

tamins absorption.

There is an enterohepatic (intestine di-
rect to the liver) circulation of B,, that re-
cycles B,, from bile and other intestinal
secretions which explains why B, , deficieny
in vegans may not appear for five to ten
years.

The maximum storage level of B,, is 2
mg, which is slowly released to the bone
marrow as needed. Excess intake of B,, is
shed in the urine (expensive urine).

Vitamin B, /cobalt joins with folic acid,
choline and the amino acid methionine to
transfer single carbon groups (methyl
groups) in the synthesis of the raw materi-
als to make RNA and the synthesis of DNA
from RNA (directly involved in gene func-
tion - remember preconception nutrition to
prevent birth defects!!). Growth, myelin
formation (converts cholesterol to the in-
sulating material myelin found around
nerves in the brain and large nerve trunks)
and RBC synthesis are dependant on B,,.

The discovery of the essentiality of co-
balt came from observing a fatal disease
(“bush sickness”) in cattle and sheep from
Australia and New Zealand; it was observed
that “bush sickness” could be succesfully
treated and prevented by cobalt supple-
ments.

Bush sickness was characterized by
emaciation (unsupplemented vegans), dull
stare, listless, starved look, pale mucus
membranes, anorexia (loss of appetite),
anemia (microcytic/hypochromic) and gen-
eral unthriftiness.

In humans, a failure to absorb B,/co-
balt results in deficiency disease. This can
result from a surgical removal of parts of
the stomach (eliminates areas of intrinsic
factor production), or surgical removal of

the ileum portion of the small bowel, small
intestinal diverticula, parasites (tape worm),
celiac disease (allergies to wheat gluten and
cows milk albumen) and other malabsorp-
tion diseases. Pernicious anemia and demyelination of the spinal cord and large nerve trunks are classic for B, /cobalt deficiency.

Less than 0.07 ppm Co in the soil re-
sults in cobalt deficiency in animals and
people who eat crops grown from those
soils; 0.11 ppm Co in the soil prevents and
cures Co deficiency.

The RDA for B,,/cobalt is 3 to 4 meg
per day, we prefer expensive urine and like
250 to 400 mcg per day, especially while
preparing for a pregnancy and nursing (re-
member a baby being nursed by a deficient
mother has their deficiency extended over
a long period of time and may result in se-
rious permanant nerve damage.

Cobalt excess in man (20 to 30 mg/day)
may create erythropoiesis (RBC production)
with increased production of the hormone
erythropoieten from the kidney. Cobalt is
also a necessary cofactor for the produc-
tion of thyroid hormone.

Cr - Chromium is found in igneous
rocks at 100 ppm; shales at 90 ppm; sand-
stones 35 ppm and limestone at 11 ppm;
fresh water at 0.00018 ppm; sea water
0.00005 ppm; soils at 5 to 3,000 ppm (high-
est in soils derived from basalt and serpen-
tine); marine plants 1 ppm; land plants 0.23
ppm; marine animals 0.2-1.0 ppm; land ani-
mals 0.075 ppm; accumulated by RNA and
insulin.

Chromium activates phosphoglucomutase and other enzymes and is tightly associated with GTF (glucose tolerance factor - a combination of chromium

306

| Hees]

III, dinicotinic acid and glutithione).The
reported plasma levels of chromium in hu-
mans over the past 20 years has ranged
from 0.075 to 13 ng/ml. Concentrations of
chromium in human hair is ten times
greater than in blood making hair analysis
a much more accurate view of chromium
stores and function in the human (there is
1.5mg in the human body).

Very little inorganic chromium is stored
in the body, once inorganic chromium is
absorbed, it is almost entirely excreted in
the urine (therefore urine chromium levels
can be used to estimate dietary chromium
status). Dietary sugar loads (i.e.- colas,

Table 11-12. Diseases and Symptoms
of Chromium Deficiency.

Low blood sugar
Prediabetes
Diabetes (ulcers/gangrene)
Hyperinsulinemia
Hyperactivity
Learning disabilities
ADD/ADHD
Hyperirritability
Depression
Manic depression
“Bi-polar” disease
Dr. Jekyll/Mr. Hyde rages ("Bad Seeds”)
Impaired growth
Peripheral neuropathy
Negative nitrogen balance (protein loss)
Elevated blood triglycerides
Elevated blood cholesterol
Coronary blood vessel disease
Aortic cholesterol plaque
Infertility and decreased sperm count
Shortened life span

ee ee ew ww ew

apple juice, grape juice, honey, candy,
sugar, fructose, etc.) increase the natural
rate of urinary Cr loss by 300 % for 12 hours.

The average intake of 50 to 100 ug of inorganic chromium from food and water supplies only 0.25 to 0.5 ug of usable chromium, by contrast 25 % of chelated chromium is absorbed. The chromium RDA for
humans is a range of 50 to 200 ug per day
for adults.

The concentration of chromium is
higher in newborn animals and humans
than it is in later life. In fact, the chromium
levels of unsupplemented human tissue
steadily decreases throughout life - of even
more concern has been the steady decline
in the average American serum chromium
since 1948:

Mean Cr blood levels (w/1)
28 - 1000

Year
..1948
1971
11972
1973
1.1974
..1978

The fasting chromium plasma level of
pregnant women is lower than that of non-
pregnant women. Increasing impairment
of glucose tolerance in “normal” pregnancy
is well documented and reflects a chromium
deficiency oftentimes resulting in pregnancy
onset diabetes. One study demonstrated
abnormal glucose tolerance in 77 percent
of clinically “normal” adults over the age
of 70. According to Richard Anderson, USDA, "90 percent of Americans are deficient in chromium."

307

weeeeeee ||

Fig. 11-6 Diabetic ulcer (A) and gangrene on toe. (B) resulting from chronic Cr and V deficiency.

308

USA TODAY : THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1994
TD

Hispanics are
at higher risk
for diabetes

By Anita Manning
USA TODAY

Hispanics are twice as likely
to have diabetes as non-Hispan-
ic whites, says a new report
from the American Diabetes
Association.

Based on data from the Cen-
ters for Disease Control and
Prevention and other sources,
the report shows:

> One in 10 Hispanics has di-
abetes, compared with 1 in 20
non-Hispanic whites.

> Only about half are aware
of their illness.

> Among those age 45-74,
25% of Mexican-Americans
and Puerto Rican-Americans,
and 16% of Cuban-Americans
have diabetes vs. 12%-13% of
non-Hispanic whites.

An effort to raise awareness
among Hispanics was launched
this week at a summit in Wash-
ington, D.C. A survey released

there found that in Hispanic
communities, poor access to
health care and language prob-
lems often are barriers to diag-
nosis and treatment.

This can delay medical care
until advanced stages of the
disease, when complications
such as blindness and vascular
problems are more likely.

Why some ethnic groups are
at greater risk is “not totally
understood,” says the ADA’s
Jerry Franz. Risk factors in-
clude family history of diabe-
tes and being 30 pounds or
more overweight.

Likelihood of developing di-
abetes, compared with non-
Hispanic whites:

> Native Americans, 2.7
times as likely.

> Puerto Rican-Americans,
2.2.

> Mexican-Americans, 2.1.

> African-Americans, 1.6.

> Cuban-Americans, 1.5.

309

CAPE COD TIMES, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1993

Former Yarmouth officer
Thomas Minckler dies at 42

By MARK MERCHANT
STAFF WRITER

HARWICH -— A former Yar-
mouth police officer who was in-
strumental in developing police
dog programs across Cape Cod
died Wednesday at his home.

An illness caused by diabetes
claimed the life of Thomas E.
Minckler, 42.

Mr. Minckler had been working
with police dogs since he joined
the Yarmouth police department in
1973. He developed dog programs
for many towns and at the county
level and continued training dogs
after a traffic accident forced his
retirement from the department in
1986.

Collegues reacted with sadness
to his death. Yarmouth Police
Chief Robert Chapman said Mr.
Minckler had been ill for some
time, but the death took everyone
by surprise.

Others said Mr. Minckler's loss
would be felt in K-9 units across
the Cape.

“He was so devoted to the dogs
and his work,” said David Yoo, the
Dennis police department’s K-9 of-
ficer. “If it wasn’t for Tom, you
wouldn't see a K-9 program on the
Cape, he was that important.”

Born in Worcester and raised in
Leicester, Mr. Minckler had been
in law enforcement since graduat-
ing from Quinsigamond Commu-
nity College in Worcester in 1971.
He worked for the Leicester police
department for a short time before
joining the Chatham police in
1972. After a year, he moved to the
Yarmouth police where he started
their police dog program.

™@ Thomas E. Minckler with one ‘of
his K-9 partners, Luke.

310

OBITUARIES

Moses Gunn, 64;
stage, screen actor

NY TIMES NEWS SERVICE

Moses Gunn, an actor whose ca-
reer of more than three decades
included roles ranging from Othello
to Booker T. Washington, died Fri-
day at his home in Guilford, Conn.
He was 64. The cause was compli-
cations of asthma, said his wife,
Gwendolyn. He had been ill since
May, she said.

Once hailed
by critics as one
of the country’s
finest. actors,
Mr. Gunn con-
tinued to work
until his final ill-
ness, ending his
career as he be-
gan it: playing
provocative
roles on stage
and screen.

He made a
guest appearance last year on the
television series “Homicide” and
most recently co-starred in produc-
tions of “Blood Knot” and “My Chil-

Moses
Gunn

dren, My Africa,” both by the South
African playwright Athol Fugard.

Mr. Gunn, a co-founder of the
Negro Ensemble Company, played
myriad roles. He received an Image
Award from the National Associa-
tion for the Advancement of Col-
ored People for his performance as
Booker T. Washington in the 1981
film “Ragtime,” and an Emmy nomi-
nation for his role in the television
mini-series “Roots” as Kintango,
the leader of a secret society in
Africa that preserved and perform-
ed the rites of manhood.

His numerous stage appearances
included “Othello” and the original
New York production of “The
Blacks,” by Jean Genet, in 1962.

He also appeared in several fea-
ture films, including “The Great
White Hope” and “Shaft,” and tele-
vision series like “Little House on
the Prairie” and “Good Times.” He
was featured in a television produc-
tion of “Of Mice and Men.”

Mr. Gunn is survived by his wife,
a son and daughter.

311

Compiled by Harry Levins
Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

A sad note: Complications from diabetes have cost
jazz singer ELLA FITZGERALD her legs. Doctors
amputated both limbs below the knee in separate opera-
tions last year, her spokeswoman says.

The spokeswoman couldn’t explain why the news had
been withheld for so long but added, “‘She’s fine, and
she’s at home. She is in really good shape and good
spirits.”

Fitzgerald, 75, underwent heart-bypass surgery in

1986; the next year, surgeons removed bone particles
in her right foot.

312

[seenanae 2)

WEDNESDAY, JULY 6, 1994

Ex-Champ
Said To Be
In A Coma

Douglas’ Condition
Upgraded To Stable

COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — For-
mer heavyweight champion James
“‘Buster’’ Douglas was reported to be
hospitalized Tuesday in a diabetic
coma.

WBNS-TV, citing no sources, said
Douglas, 34, was
upgraded from
poor to stable
condition at
Grant Medical
Center on Tues-
day afternoon.

The hospital
refused to com-
ment, and hospi- Douglas
tal spokeswoman
Karen Waldbillig said the family
asked that no information be
released.

Other relatives told the station
that Douglas was taken to the hospi-
tal Monday and had slipped in and out
of a coma since then. They said Tues-
day afternoon that his condition was
improving.

It was not known whether Douglas
previously had been diagnosed as a
diabetic or which form of the disease
he might have. In some cases, if dia-
betes goes untreated, the victim may
go into a diabetic coma, which can
lead to death.

Douglas’ father, Bill Douglas,
could not be reached for comment.

Douglas, a native of Columbus, was
the heavyweight champion for only
eight months.

313

(EES)

Gary Evans, Bemidji State University, Minnesota, very clearly showed an increased life span in laboratory animals by 33.3 per cent when they were supplemented with chromium. Prior to this study
gerontologists, led by Roy Walford, felt a
severe restriction of calories was the only
way to extend life past the expected aver-
age.

Deficiencies of chromium in humans
are characterized by a wide variety of clini-
cal diseases as well as a shortened life ex-
pectancy (Table 11-12). The clinical dis-
eases of chromium deficiency are aggra-
vated by vanadium deficiency.

Cs - Cesium is found in igneous rocks
at 1 ppm; shales at 5 ppm; sandstones and
limestones at 0.5 ppm; fresh water at
0.0002 ppm; sea water at 0.00005 ppm;
soils at 0.3 to 25 ppm; marine plants at 0.07
ppm; land plants at 0.2 ppm; and land ani-
mals at 0.064 ppm (highest concentrations
in the muscle).

As an alkaline mineral, cesium behaves
similarly to sodium, potassium and ru-
bidium chemically. Cesium and potassium
enter into a solute complex which partici-
pates in ion antagonism, osmosis,
permiability regulation and maintenance of
the colloidal state in the living cell. The in-
crease in supplemental potassium in-
creases the rate of excretion or loss of ce-
sium.

Cesium chloride is used as part of alter-
native cancer therapy. Cesium provides
“high ph therapy for cancer “by entering
the cancer cell and producing an alkaline
environment. It has been recommended for all types of cancers including sarcomas, bronchiogenic carcinoma and colon cancer.

Cu -Copper is found in igneous rocks
at 55 ppm; shale at 45 ppm; sandstone at 5
ppm; limestone 4 ppm; fresh water at 0.01
ppm; sea water at 0.003 ppm; soils at 2 to
100 ppm (copper is strongly absorbed by
humus; there are known areas of the world
with extreme copper deficiency); marine
plants 11 ppm; land plants 14 ppm; ma-

Table 11 - 12. Symptoms Associated
with Copper Dificiency.

White hair

Gray hair

Dry brittle hair (“steely wool” in sheep)
Ptosis (sagging tissue - eye lids, skin,
breasts, stomach, etc.)

Hernias (Congenital and acquired)
Varicose veins

Aneurysms (large artery blowouts,
cerebral artery blowouts)

Kawasaki Disease (congenital aneurysms
with Streptococcal infection)

Anemia (especially in vegan and

high milk diets)

Hypo and hyper thyroid

Arthritis (especially where growth plate
is involved)

Ruptured vertebral disc

Liver cirrhosis

Violent behavior, blind rage, explosive
outbursts, criminal behavior

Learning disabilities

Cerebral palsy and hypoplasia of the
cerebellum (congenital ataxia)

High blood cholesterol

Iron storage disease (abnormal iron
accumulation in liver)

Reduced glucose tolerance (low
blood sugar)

Neutropenia

314

peeeeeeem
CRRRERERD

rine animals 4 to 50 ppm ( accumulates in
thge blood of annelids (worms), crustaceans
and molluscs, especially cephlopods; land
animals at 2 to 4 ppm with highest levels in
the liver.

Copper is essential to all living organisms and is a universally important cofactor for many hundreds of metalloenzymes.
Copper deficiency is widespread and appears in many forms (Table 11 -13). Cop-
per is required in many physiological func-
tions (i.e.- RNA, DNA, lysil oxidase cofac-
tor, melanin (Fig. 11-7) production (hair and
skin pigment), electron transfer of oxygen
subcellular respiration, tensile strength of
elastic fibers in blood vessels, skin, vertibral
discs, etc.).

Neonatal enzootic ataxia (sway back,
lamkruis) was recognized as a clinical en-
tity in 1937 as a copper deficiency in preg-
nant sheep. Copper supplements prevented
the syndrome which was characterized by
demyelination of the cerebellum (Fig. 11-
8) and spinal cord. Cavitation or gelatinous
lesions of the cerebral white matter, chro-
matolysis, nerve cell death and myelin
aplasia (failure to form). These are all
changes identical with human cerebral
palsy.

Famous people affected or dying of an
obvious copper deficiency include Albert
Enstein (ruptured cerebral aneurysms),
Paavo Aerola (ruptured cerebral aneu-
rysms), Conway Twitty (ruptured abdomi-
nal aorta aneurysm), George and Barbara
Bush ( thyroid disease, white hair) - four to
six of every 100 Americans autopsied have
died of a ruptured aneurysm, an additional
40 percent have aneurysms that had not
yet ruptured.

The average well-nourished adult hu-
man body contains between 80 and 120 mg
of copper. Concentrations are higher in the

brain, liver, heart and kidneys. Bone and
muscle have lower percentages of copper
but contain 50 percent of the body total
copper reserves because of their mass. It is
of interest that the greatest concentration
of copper is found in the newborm and their
daily requirement is 0.08 mg/kg, toddlers
require 0.04 mg/kg and adults only 0.03 mg/
kg.

The average plasma copper for women
ranges from 87 to 153 mg/dl and for men it
ranges from 89 to 137 mg/dl; about 90 per-
cent of the plasma copper is found in ceru-
loplasmin.

Copper functions as a co-factor and ac-
tivator of numerous cuproenzymes that are
involved in the development (deficiency of
Cu in the pregnant female results in con-
genital defects of the heart,i.e.-Kawasaki
Disease and brain - i.e.- cerebral palsy and
hypoplasia of the cerebellum) and main-
tenance of the cardiovascular system (de-
ficiency results in reduced lysyl oxidase ac-
tivity causing a reduction in conversion of
pro elastin to elastin causing a decrease in
tinsel strength of arterial walls and _rup-
tured aneurysms (Figs. 11-9,11-10 and 11-
11)) and skeletal integrety (deficiency re-
sults in a specific type of arthritis of the
young in the form of spurs in the bones
growth plate); deficiency can result in my-
elin defects; deficiency results in anemia;
and poor hair keratinization and loss of hair
color. Neutropenia (reduced numbers of
neutophillic WBC) and leukopenia (re-
duced total WBC) are the earliest indica-
tors of copper deficiency in infants; infants
whose diets are primarily cows milk fre-
quently develop anemia; iron storage dis-
ease can result from chronic copper defi-
ciency.

Menkes’ Kinky Hair Syndrome is

315

| eeeeeeeee |

PRERRED |

Fig. 11-7 A) Gray hair associated with copper deficient diet. B) Normal color
returned six months after supplementing with colloidal copper.

316

Fig. 11-8 Hypoplasia (failure to form) of the cerebellum and cerebral myelin typical
of cerebral palsy resulting from a congenital copper deficiency.

317

KRISTOFFER HOOD

PALM BAY — Kristoffer Wood-
side Hood, who was 5, died Thurs-
day, May 6, at Holmes Regional
Medical Center in Melbourne.

Kristoffer was born in Mount
Kisco, N.Y. He came to Brevard
County in 1988 from Bedford Hills,
N.Y.

Kristoffer loved all sports. He
like to bowl and he participated in
the Palm Bay Youth Softball
League. He was a member of Christ
United Methodist Church in Palm
Bay.

Survivors include his parents,
Clifford and Tracey Hood of Palm
Bay; sister, Heather Hood of Palm
Bay; grandmother, Carmine Brown
of Palm Bay; grandfather, William
Brown of Millerton, N.Y.; and
grandparents, William and Agnes
Brown of Vero Beach and Carmine
and Marguerite Mazza of Newfield,
Maine.

Calling hours will be from 6 to
9 p.m. Sunday at Palm Bay Funeral
Home. Services will be at 10 a.m.
Monday at Chapel of Peace in
Fountainhead Memorial Park in
Palm Bay.

Donations may be made to
United Cerebral Palsy of Central
Florida, 930 S. Orange Ave., Orlan-
do, FL 32806 or to Serenity House
for AIDS Babies, P.O. Box 680338,
Orlando, FL 32868.

318

eeeeeeeeD

Fig. 11-9

A) Varicous veins resulting
from copper deficiency.

B) Ruptured coronary
aneurysm (kawasaki
disease)in a pheasant
resulting from a copper
deficient diet.

319

=

Fig. 11-10 Tortuous retinal arteries in child that has a copper deficiency.

320

Fig. 11-11

A
Normal configuration of elastic fibers in
aorta

B

Aortic elastic fibers disrupted by “dis-
secting” aneurysm

Cc
Ruptured aortic aneurysm in a copper
deficient squirrel monkey.

321

THE BOSTON SUNDAY GLOBE @ JANUARY 9, 1994

Ass) ATED PRESS.

PULLMAN, Wasn. - Morty, the moose that am
bles through the opening credits of television's
“Northern Exposure,” died last week of an illness
inked to a mineral deticienc

The 1,000-pound moose, brought five ye:
from Alaska as an orphan yearling, was
behavior and nutrition studies: headed by Charles
Robhins, a Washington State University professo
rchers found chat a cobalt and copper deti-

ciency in ihe diets of Morty and Minnie, another re-
search moyse, led to their deaths. The problem was
discoveresi after Minnic’s death more than a week
ago, but hy then it was too late to save Morty, who
died Thur . Robbins said.

“He ried and we thought we had him on the way
hack, but it was just too Tate.” Robbins said. “T lost a
friend.”

One goal of the research was to learn why captive
moose rarely live past the age of 6 or 7, while in the
wild they live as long as 16 years, Robbins said.

322

[| eeeeeezee ||

Sunday, January 24, 1993

[asacacer ||

THE SAN DIEGO UNION-TRIBUNE

OBITUARIES

Stewart Cartwright, 38;
family practice physician

Stewart Mark Cartwright, 38,
a family practice physician for-
merly with Kaiser Permanente in
La Mesa, died suddenly Wednes-
day at his Tierrasanta home.

Dr. Cartwright practiced at the
La Mesa Kaiser Permanente
Outpatient Clinic for the last 22
years and was in the process of
joining a local medical group.

He died of a cardiac aneurysm,
his family said.

As the son of an Air Force offi-
cer, Cartwright lived all over the
world. He settled in San Diego
after completing his residency in
Philadelphia.

“He wanted to help people,”
said Dr. Cartwright’s girlfriend,
Diane Gallo. “He wasn’t in it for
the money. He spent his lunch
hour calling patients to see how
they were doing or calling pa-
tients’ families to tell them what
was happening.”

Aside from his dedication to his
job, Dr. Cartwright was an avid
athlete who played softball, ten-
nis and basketball, his family re-
called.

“He was a home-run hitter
from Little League to (the age of)
38,” said his mother, Mary
Frances Cartwright of Houston.
His father, Lt. Col. Bruce Cart-
wright, died last year.

In addition to Gallo and his
mother, Dr. Cartwright is sur-
vived by a sister, Jacquelyn Cart-
wright; brother, Scott Cart-

‘Union-Tribune
Stewart Mark Cartwright,
M.D.: Specialized in family
practice.

wright; aunts, Janet Cartwright
and Harriet Marx, and cousins,
Bruce and Keith Cartwright and
Gene and Jimmy Marx.

There will be a visitation from
4 to 8 p.m. tomorrow and a me-
morial service at 7 p.m. Tuesday
at El Camino Mortuary on Carrol
Canyon Road. The family asks
that donations be sent to the
American Heart Association or
any cardiac charity.

323

-- NEW_YORK TIMES OBITUARIES TvEsDay, SEPTEMBER 21, 1993_

Ellen Joyce Alter

Detroit Lawyer, 44
Ellen Joyce Alter, a Detroit civic
leader and bankruptcy lawyer, died on
Saturday at St. Joseph Mercy Hospital
in Pontiac, Mich. She was 44.
Her family said the cause was a
cerebral aneurysm.

Born in Cambridge, Mass., Mrs. Al-
ter graduated from Brandeis Universi-
ty and the University of Michigan law
school. She was an adjunct professor of
law at the University of Detroit and a
member of the Anti-Defamation
League and the Jewish Welfare Feder-|
ation of Metropolitan Detroit.

She was a partner in the law firm of
Jaffe, Raitt, Heuer & Weiss, and spe-
cialized in the rights of creditors and
debtors.

She is survived by her husband, Pe-
ter; a son, Daniel; a daughter, Jessica,
and her parents.

324

SUNDAY, JUNE 6, 1993
ST.LOUIS POST-DISPATCH

Country Music Star Conway Twitty Dies

compiled From News Services

SPRINGFIELD, Mo. — Conway Twitty, who started as a
teen rock idol in the 1950s and crossed over to country to
become astar, died Saturday at age 59.

His wife, Dee Henry, and some of his band members
were with him at Cox Medical Center-South when he died
of complications from surgery after a
blood vessel ruptured in his stomach.

Mr. Twitty collapsed on his tour bus
during a rest stop in southwestern Miss-
ouri on the way home to Hendersonville,
Tenn., from a performance Friday night
in Branson, Mo.

Mr. Twitty was born Sept. 1, 1933, as
Harold Lloyd Jenkins. He changed his
name in 1957 by borrowing from Conway,
Ark., and Twitty, Texas.

‘Alter spending many years as a song-
writer, his performing career took off with the name
change. He recorded more than 40 No. } hits, including
“Hello Darlin’,” “Tight-Fittin’ Jeans” and “Linda On My
Mind.”

“Everyone will remember Conway Twitty, industry and
fans alike, as the consummate singer and performer, who
has been this wonderful and dynamic presence in our
business for over 30 years,” said Bruce Hinton, chairman of
MCA Records in Nashville.

Twitty

Mel Tillis, who said Mr. Twitty and his wife were at Tillis’
Branson theater Thursday night, called Twitty a great
singer. “He didn’t do a lot of talking on stage; he said he let
his music do his talking,” Tillis said. “He was a song's best
friend, because he could really sing.”

Mr. Twitty and Loretta Lynn won the Country Music
Association’s Vocal Duo of the Year award in 1972, 1973,
1974, and 1975. They won a Grammy for their 1971 duet,
“After The Fire Is Gone.”

Mr. Twitty got his break as a rockabilly artist in the
1950s, writing songs for the Sun Records’ stable of singers
that included Elvis Presley and Jerry Lee Lewis.

His first hit was “It’s Only Make Believe,” which soared
to No. I on the pop charts in 1958.

Despite the advice of managers, booking agents and
record company people, Mr. Twitty made the switch to
country and turned out a string of No. | hits.

In 1982, Mr. Twitty opened Twitty City, a nine-acre
tourist complex in Hendersonville, a suburb of Nashville.

As a boy in Friars Point, Miss., Mr. Twitty learned his
first guitar chords from his father, a riverboat captain on
the Mississippi.

“My Dad told me when I was a kid: ‘When the cotton is
out there, you get it. When it’s not out there, you can rest,’ "
Mr. Twitty said in an interview in 1990. “I've been fortu-
nate, It has been out there for me for a long time.”

Besides his wife, among survivors are his four children.

325

Si.tuurs ruai-uiSPATCH

OBITUARIES

David Houston; Star
At Grand Ole Opry

NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — Dav-
id Houston, the Grand Ole Opry star
who won a Grammy for the country
music classic “Almost Persuaded,”
died Tuesday (Nov. 30, 1993) at the
age of 57.

Mr. Houston suffered a ruptured
brain aneurism Thanksgiving Day
and never regained consciousness,
said Paul Hockett, a spokesman for
t Medical Center in Bossier
y, La., where Mr. Houston died.

“Almost Persuaded,” a million:
seller hit in 1966, chronicled a hont y-
tonk flirtation in which a married man
considered cheating on his wife.

He was one of the most successful
country singers in the mid-1960s and
had performed at the Grand Ole Opry
since 1972.

Among his
other hits were
ey Ma /

eaven,”” “You
Mean the World Houston
to Me,” “Can't You Feel It,” ‘Phe
Twelfth of Never,” “I Love You, I
Love You’’ and ‘‘With One
Exception.”

Mr. Houston and Barbara Man-
drell were duet partners in the early
1970s. He also recorded “My Elusive
Dreams” with Tammy Wynette in
1967.

Mr. Houston, who lived in Kenner,
La., last appeared on the Opry on
Nov. 6. He had not been an active
recording artist for the past 10 years.

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 1, 1993

326

==] Se

thought to be a sex-linked recessive defect
of copper absorption. The affected infants exhibit retarded growth, defective keratin formation and loss of hair pigment, low body temperature, degeneration and fracture of aortic elastin (aneurysms), arthritis in the growth plate of long bones, and a
progressive mental deterioration (brain tis-
sue is totally free of the essential enzyme
cytochrome c oxidase). Because of absorp-
tion problems of metallic copper, injections
of copper are usefull.

Serum and plasma copper increase 100
% in pregnant women and women using
oral contraceptives. Serum copper levels are
also elevated during acute infections, liver
disease and pellegra (niacin deficiency).

Accumulations of copper in the cornea
form Kayser-Fleischer rings.

Dy - Dysprosium, a Rare Earth, is
found in igneous rocks at 3 ppm; in shale
at 4 to 6 ppm; sandstone at 7.2 ppm and
limestone at 0.9 ppm. Concentrations in
terrestrial animals (0.01 ppm) are highest
in the bones.

Er - Erbium, a Rare Earth, is found in
igneous rock at 2.8 ppm; shale at 1.9 ppm;
sandstone at 1 ppm; limestone at 0.36 ppm;
land plants up to 46 ppm in Carya spp.;
marine animals at 0.02 to 0.04 ppm and
land animals primarily in bone.

Eu - Europium is a "light" Rare Earth
found in igneous rocks at 1 to 2 ppm; shales
at 1.1 ppm; sandstone at 0.55 ppm; lime-
stone at 0.2 ppm; land plants at 0.021 ppm(
accumulate up to 16 ppm in Carya spp.);
marine animals 0.01 to 0.06 ppm; land ani-
mals 0.00012 ppm in soft tissue and 0.2

ppm in bone.

Europium has extended the life of laboratory species over their normal expected lifespan by 100 percent. Europium is found
in higher concentration in breast milk from
women in third world countries than in
American women.

1.Tang, R-H., et al.: Stimulation of Pro-
liferation of Tetrahymena pyriformis by Trace
Rare Earths. Biol. Trace Ele. Re-
search.7:95.1985.

F - Flourine is found in igneous rocks

at 625 ppm; in shale at 740 ppm; sandstone
at 270 ppm; limestone at 330 ppm; fresh
water at 0.09 ppm; sea water at 1.3 ppm;
soils at 200 ppm (fluoride can be “fixed “
or tightly bonded in several types of clays.
Certain F rich soils in Madras, Spain and
South America are toxic to grazing livestock.

Flourine is found in marine plants at 4.5
ppm; land plants at 0,5 to 40.0 ppm( accu-
mulated by Dichapetolum cymosum), ma-
rine animals at 2.0 ppm (accumulates in
fish bone); land animals at 150 to 500 ppm
in mammalian soft tissues and 1,500 ppm
in bone and teeth.

Prior to 1972, fluoride was considered
essential in animals because of its appar-
ent benefit for tooth enamel in warding off
dental caries (“cavities”). In 1972, Schwarz
proved that fluoride was in fact an essen-
tial mineral.

The skeletal reserves of fluoride in an
adult man reach 2.6 grams; the average
daily intake by Americans is 4.4 mg from
combined sources of food and water.

Flouridation of drinking water is still
highly controversial - some studies show
that flouridated water helps reduce fractures
from osteoporosis while other studies
showed an increase in hip fractures.

327

Friday, April 15, 1994

THE SAN DIEGO UNION-TRIBUNE

Calcium, fluoride supplements
deter osteoporosis, study finds

NEW YORK TIMES NEWS SERVICE

WASHINGTON — A study re-
leased yesterday supports the idea
that a careful regimen of fluoride
and calcium supplements appears
to prevent new spinal fractures in
patients with a major form of osteo-
porosis while helping to rebuild
bone loss.

Experts on osteoporosis, the de-
bilitating bone-thinning condition
that afflicts millions of elderly
Americans, said that if the findings
stood up, the treatment would be
the first to restore bone mass lost
to the disease.

The interim results of the study
were reported by researchers at
the University of Texas.

Dr. Charles Y.C. Pak and his col-
leagues said their controlled study
of 99 post-menopausal women who
were diagnosed with osteoporosis
showed that fracturing in the spinal
vertebrae could be greatly reduced
with low doses of fluoride given in
slow-release form along with a
readily absorbed type of calcium
not commonly used,

Half the group had an increase of
about 5 percent per year in the
bone mass of their vertebrae, and

their spinal fractures decreased by
more than 50 percent.

The findings, reported in The
Annals of Internal Medicine,
should renew interest in the treat-
ment, pioneered at the university’s
Southwestern Medical Center at
Dallas.

The results of the new Texas
study are being hailed as solid indi-
cations that the right combination
of fluoride and calcium, given on a
particular schedule, may have a ma-
jor impact on the bone disease.

“This study suggests that at the
lower doses of fluoride that they
used, using their different formula-
tions of the drugs and using their
schedule of treatment, that fluoride
may be helpful,” said Dr. B. Law-
rence Riggs of the Mayo Clinic in
Rochester, Minn., a researcher
who led a study published in 1990
that raised doubts about the fluo-
ride treatment.

“This is good, solid work, and it
should encourage others to do more
research on fluoride and osteoporo-
sis.”

Dr. Judith L. Vaitukaitis, the di-
rector of the National Center for
Research Resources, a unit of the

National Institutes of Health that
sponsors the Texas work, said the
few therapies for osteoporosis slow
bone loss but do not stop it. The
Texas study shows that fluoride can
rebuild weakened bones, she said.

More than 25 million older
Americans — 90 percent of them
women — have osteoporosis,
which is responsible for 1.5 million
fractures of the hip, spine and wrist
each year, according to the Nation-
al Osteoporosis Foundation.

With the spinal form of the dis-
ease, fractures occur in the verte-
brae, causing them to compress and
the back to curve, a condition some-
times called dowager’s hump.

Pak said his group had been suc-
cessful because lower doses of sodi-
um fluoride stimulated the produc-
tion of bone cells while reducing the
toxicity the drug, which can cause
severe nausea, vomiting and other
problems.

The researchers also use a time-
release form of sodium fluoride, de-
veloped by Mission Pharmacal Co.
of San Antonio, that puts the drug
in a porous wax capsule that passes
through the stomach, the primary
site of complications.

328

sepeeeeee |

Clinical toxicity is observed as dental
fluorosis at fluoride concentrations of 2 to 7
ppm and osteosclerosis at 8 to 20 ppm;
chronic systemic toxicity appears when the
fluoride levels reach 20 to 80 mg per day
for years.

Approximately 10,000 American tow:
and cities serving 100 million people have
added fluoride to their drinking water at the
rate of 1 mg /L which has reportedly re-
duced dental caries by 60 to 70 percent. In
certain western states in the United States,
there is an excess of fluoride, reaching lev-
els of 10 to 45 ppm with resultant mottling
of teeth in children.

As a result of epidemiological studies by
Yiamouyiannis and Burk in 1977, full scale
congressional hearings were held to exam-
ine the charge that 10,000 excess cancer
deaths were caused by flouridation of cer-
tain public water systems. As a result of
those hearings, the committee mandated
that the U.S. Public Health Service conduct
animal studies to confirm or refute the
theory that flouridated water increased can-
cer deaths. The studies were carried out by
the National Toxicology Program under the
supervision of the U.S. National Public
Health Service with special focus on oral,
liver and bone cancers.

In 1990, the results of the fluoride study showed an increase in rat precancerous in oral mucus membrane cells; there was an increase in cancers of the oral mucus membranes (squamous cell carcinoma); a rare form of osteosarcoma appeared at double the rate in males as females; and there was an increase in thyroid follicular cell tumors and liver cancer (hepatocholangiocarcinoma).

ns

Fe - tron is found in igneous rocks at

56,300 ppm; shale at 47,200 ppm; sand-
stone at 9,800 ppm and limestone at 3,800
ppm; fresh water at 0.67 ppm; sea water at
0.01 ppm; soils at 38,000 ppm (iron con-
tent is responsable for most soil color); iron
is most available in acid soil and availabil-
ity is greatly determined by bacterial activ-
ity in the soil; marine plants at 700 ppm
(very high in plankton); land plants at 140
ppm; marine animals at 400 ppm (high in
the blood of annelids (worms), echino-
derms, fish and in eggs of cephalad mol-
luscs); essential to all land animals.

Boussingault in the 1860's was the first
to regard iron as an essential nutrient for
animals. During the 1920's an animal
model for iron deficiency research was cre-
ated by feeding rats on an exclusive milk
diet.

Ina healthy adult human there is 3 to 5
gms of iron. The newborn infant has nearly
double the amount of iron per kg than
adults. Sixty to 70 percent of tissue iron is
classed as essential or functional iron, and
30 to 40 percent as storage iron. The es-
sential iron is found as an integral part of
hemoglobin, myoglobin (muscle oxygen
storing pigments - particularly rich in deep
diving animals such as whales, walrus,
seals, etc.) and respiratory enzymes in-
volved with intracellular oxidation-reduc-
tion processes.

Functions of iron include cofactor and
activator of enzymes and metallo enzymes;
respiratory pigments (hemoglobin - iron is
to hemoglobin what Mg is to chlorophyll)
and electron transfer for utilization of oxy-
gen.

Iron is stored in bone marrow and liver (i.e.- hemosiderin and ferritin). Heme iron from meat is 10 percent available for absorption while iron from fresh plant sources are only one percent available because of phytates. Absorption takes place primarily in the duodenum where the intestinal environment is still acid.

Experimental evidence shows very
clearly that “pica” is a specific sign of iron
deficiency. Pica can drive children and
adults to eat ice (pagophagia), dirt
(geophagia) or lead paint.

Iron deficiency results from pregnancy,
menstruation, chronic infections,
hypochlorhydria (low stomach acid from
salt restricted diets), chronic diarrhea,
chronic bleeding (i.e.- cancer, ulcers, para-
sites, etc.) and impaired absorption (i.e.-
high fat diets, celiac disease, etc.).

Symptoms of iron deficiency include list-
lessness, fatigue, heart palpitations on ex-
ertion, reduced cognation, memory deficits,
sore tongue, angular stomatitis, dysphagia,
hypochromic microcytic anemia.

Stomach hydrochloric acid is required
for optimal absorption of iron, ascorbic acid
increases absorption of iron, clays and
phytates decrease absorption of iron. The
RDA of 18 mg per day as metallic iron is
very low if one is a vegan eating high fiber,
high phytate plant material.

Iron can cause cirrhosis of the liver,
fibrosis of the pancreas, diabetes and heart
failure - these diseases are not direct affects
of iron per se, but rather the increased iron
causes increased needs for selenium, cop-
per, zinc, etc.

Fr - Francium is found only as radio-

active isotopes; the longest lived has a half
life of 22 minutes.

Ga - Galliumis found in igneous rocks
at 15 ppm; shales as 19 ppm; sandstones
at 12 ppm; limestones 4 ppm; fresh water
at 0.001 ppm; sea water at 0.00003 ppm;

=

soils at 0.4 to 6.0 ppm to 30.0 ppm; marine
plants at 0.5 ppm; land plants at 0.06 ppm;
marine animals at 0.5 ppm; land animals
at 0.006 ppm.

Gallium was claimed to be essential in 1938 and again in 1958. Gallium has specific areas of metalloenzyme activity in the human brain and has been reported to specifically reduce the rate of brain cancer in laboratory animals.

British research shows that supplemented diets of pregnant women reduces the rate of brain cancer in children.

1.Spezioli, M., et al.: Gallium Distribu-
tion in Human Brain Areas. Biol. Trace Ele.
Research. 22:9.1989.

Gd - Gadolinium, a Rare Earth, is found
in igneous rocks at 5.4 ppm; shales at 4.3
ppm; sandstones at 2.6 ppm; limestones at
0.7 ppm; land plants at up to 70 ppm by
Carya spp.; marine animals at 0.06 ppm;
land animals accumulate gadolinium in bone
and liver very quickly after absorption.

Ge - Germanium is found in igneous
rocks at 5.4 ppm; shales at 1.6 ppm; sand-
stones at 0.8 ppm; limestones at 0.2 ppm;
sea water at 0.00007 ppm; soil at 1 ppm in
humus, especially in alkaline soils; marine
animals at 0.3 ppm.

The existence of the element germanium
had been predicted by Mendeleev in his
periodic table, but it was not until 1886,
that a German scientist, Clemens Winkler
isolated this element and named it germa-
nium. Radio do-it-yourself kits from the 40's
and 50's utilized the germanium diode crys-
tal to attract the radio signal to your radio.
The germanium atom is structured so it
accepts and transmits electrons, thus act-
ing as a semiconductor - it is therefore not

SUNDAY, AUGUST 1, 1993 _

TH.

NEW YORK TIMES

Representative Paul B. Henry, 51,
Dies After Battling Brain Cancer

GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., July 31
(AP) — Representative Paul B. Henry,
whose hard work and moderate views
made him a rising star in the national
Republican Party, died Saturday at his
home here. He was 51.

Mr. Henry died of brain cancer,
which was diagnosed in October after
he complained of headaches while
campaigning for his fifth term, accord-
ing to a statement released by his
office.

On Oct. 21, doctors removed most of
a 3inch malignant tumor from the
right frontal lobe of Mr. Henry's brain.
Despite the surgery and prognosis, he
easily won re-election two weeks later.
Thousands of letters of support flooded
his home and offices.

While Mr. Henry’s doctors initially
expressed optimism, cancer experts
said patients with his type of cancer,
glioblastoma multiforme, survived an
average of about a year, and fewer
than 5 percent survived five years.

Increasing Margins of Victory

In the months after the surgery, Mr
Henry, his family and staff members
tried {o remain upbeat and did not
address the possibility of his resigna-
tion. But by late spring, he was mostly
bedridden, and by midsummer, his
staff said that he could no longer com-
municate and that they were not sure if
he recognized friends.

First elected to Congress in 1984, Mr.
Henry earned increasing margins of
victory in each election

In 1990, he was named one of the 11
“rising stars” by the National Journal.
He was said to be a strong contender
for the 1994 race against Senator Don-
ald W. Riegle Jr., a Democrat.

The district Mr. Henry represented

is m western lower Michigan and in-)

cluded Grand Rapids.
Taught Political Science

A Chicago native, Mr. Henry gradu-
ated from Wheaton College in Iilinois

Associated Press, 1993

Paul B. Henry

and then served with the Peace Corps
|in Ethiopia and Liberia for two years
‘before earning a master’s degree and
| doctorate from Duke University.

| He taught political science at Duke in
1969 and at Calvin College from 1970 to
1978 before being elected to the Michi-
|gan Legislature in 1979. He served in
the state House from 1979 to 1982, and
in the state Senate in 1983 and 1984.

| He was elected to Congress in 1984,
|to the seat once held by former Presi-
dent Gerald R. Ford.

Mr. Henry served on the House Com-
|mittees on Education and Labor and
| Science, Space and Technology, as well
as the Select Committee on Aging.
{Shortly after the cancer was diag-
inosed, he failed in an effort to win a
seat on the House Ways and Means
Committee.

He is survived by his wife, Karen,
and his three children, Kara, Jordan
jand Megan

OBITUARIES

THE SAN DIEGO UNION-TRIBUNE

Dr. Helen F. Cserr, 57; brain researcher |

NEW YORK TIMES NEWS SERVICE She died of a brain tumor, said

Helen F. Cserr, a professor of her daughter, Ruth, of Princeton,
physiology at Brown University in NJ.

Providence, R.I., whose research Dr. Cserr joined the Brown facul-
focused on the anatomy and mecha- ty in 1970 after serving as a re-
nism of the human brain, died Aug. searcher at Harvard University,
11 at her home in North Dighton, where she received a Ph.D. in phys-
Mass. She was 57. iology.

NEW YORK TIMES NEWS SERVICE

332

ST.LOUIS POST-DISPATCH

WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1993

RICHARD JORDAN, 56, an
award-winning actor and director
whose career spanned movies, televi-
sion and the stage, died of a brain
tumor Monday (Aug. 30, 1993) in
Los Angeles. .

Mr. Jordan won a Golden Globe as
best actor in the mid-1970s televi-
sion miniseries ‘‘Captains and
Kings,” playing a poor immigrant
who rose to prominence in Taylor
Caldwell’s tale of an Irish dynasty in
America.

He made his movie debut in “Law-
man” in 1970. He went on to do such
movies as Woody Allen's “Interiors,”
“Rooster Cogburn,” “Raise the Ti-
tanic,” “A Flash of Green,” “Dune,”
“The Mean Season,’’ “Romero,”
“The Hunt for Red October,”

“‘Shout’’
“Posse.”

His television
productions in-
clude “The Bun-
ker,” “Les Mis-
erables,” ‘‘The
Murder of Mary
Phagan,’’
“Breakdown,”
“The Equalizer”
and “Killer Angels.” His latest pro-
ject, which he helped to write, was
the television epic “Gettysburg,”
scheduled to be shown on TNT next
month.

On stage, Mr. Jordan appeared in
more than 100 plays on and off
Broadway and spent eight years with
the New York Shakespeare Festival.

and

333

los Anacles Times

SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1994

COPYRIGHT 1994, THETIMES

MIRROR COMPANY °CCt. 676 PAGES

Olympic Legend Wilma Rudolph Dies

@ Sports: Triple gold medalist who
inspired a generation of women’s track
stars loses battle with brain cancer at 54.

By RANDY HARVEY
TIMES STAFF WRITER

NASHVILLE, Tenn.—Wilma Rudolph, who as a
child walked with the aid of a leg brace but ran to
three Olympic gold medals and inspired a generation
of future champions, died at her home Saturday vf
brain cancer. She was 54.

Rudolph overcame childhood battles with pneumo-
nia, scarlet fever and polio to become the first U.S.
female track and field athlete to win three gold medals
in the same Olympics, finishing first in the 100 meters
and 200 meters and running the anchor leg for the
victorious 400-meter relay team in 1960 at Rome.

“She's a legend in track and field, like Jesse Owens,”
said Ollan Cassell, executive director of USA Track &
Field. “After Jesse died, she became the icon, a symbol
of what the Olympics mean to this country and this
sport. This is really a sad day.”

HULTON DEUTSCH /
Rudolph races to 100-meter gold in ’60 Olympics.

Allsport

Cassell and other sports officials are in Nashville for
the U.S. Olympic Congress, which opened Thursday
Please see RUDOLPH, A34

334

too surprising that germanium is closely
lated to silica and carbon.

Biologically, germanium is a highly e
cient electrical impulse initiator intracel
larly and acts as a metallic cofactor for oxy-
gen utilization.

In 1950, Dr. Kazuhiko Asai, a Japanese
chemist, found traces of germanium in fos-
silized plant life. Russian researchers
quickly attributed anti-cancer activity to
germanium. Dr. Asai was able to connect
the healing properties of certain herbs to
relatively high levels of germanium - many
of these herbs are accumulator plants for
germanium. Germanium is known to en-
hance the immune system by stimulating
production of natural killer cells, lymphok-
ines such as IFN(Y), interferon, macroph-
ages and T-suppressor cells.

Asai synthesized GE-132, carboxyethyl
germanium sesquioxide in 1967 by a hy-
drolysis method. This organic germanium
structure forms a cubic structure with three
negative oxygen ions at the base of a cubic
triangle.

As an organic or chelate form of germa-
nium GE-132 is absorbed at the rate of 30
percent efficiency and the total intake is
excreted in one week.

Food plants and animals contain small
amounts of germanium (i.e.- beans-4.67
ppm; tuna-2.3 ppm). Healing herbs such
as garlic, aloe, comfrey, chlorella, ginseng,
watercress, Shiitake mushroom, pearl bar-
ley, sanzukon, sushi, waternut, boxthorn
seed and wisteria knob contain germanium
in amounts ranging from 100 to 2,000 ppm.

The "holy waters" at Lourdes, known
world wide for their healing properties con-
tains large amounts of germanium.

Deficiencies of germanium are typified
by severely reduced immune status, arthri-

tis, osteoporosis, low energy and cancer.

Twenty to 30 mg per day is the recom-
mended maintenace dose for germanium;
50 to 100 mg per day are commonly used
when an individual has a serious illness that
requires an increased oxygen level in the
body.

1.Goodman,S.: Therapeutic Effects of
Germanium. Med.Hypoth.26:207.1988.

2.Suzuki,F., et al.: Ability of Sera From
Mice Treated With Ge-132, an Organic
Germanium Compound, to Inhibit Experi-
mental Murine Ascites Tumours.
Br.J.Cancer.52:757.1985.

H.- Hydrogen is found in igneous rocks
at 1,000 ppm; shale at 5,600 ppm; sand-
stone at 1,800 ppm; limestone at 860 ppm;
fresh water at 111,000 ppm; sea water at
108, ppm; soil at 600 to 24,000 ppm (in
very acid soils it can become the major ex-
changeable cation); marine plants at 41,000
ppm; land plants at 55,000 ppm; marine
animals 52,000 ppm; land animals 70,000
ppm; additionally hydrogen makes up a
small portion of the gaseous atmosphere.

Functions as a major constituant of
water (70 % of the human body is water)
and all organic molecules. The regulation
of the acid-base balance in the human
body is in fact the regulation of the hydro-
gen ion (H+) levels of cellular and extra-
cellular fluids.

The acidity of the body is critically regu-
lated within a very narrow range by numer-
ous and complex homeostatic mechanisms.
The pH of healthy blood ranges from 7.36
to 7.44; when the pH falls below 7.30, the
patient has acidosis and when the pH rises
above 7.44, the person has alkalosis.

Blood pH below 6.8 and above 7.8 are
rapidly fatal. Intracellular pH ranges be-

335

PRRERERED

=

PRR

tween 6.0 and 7.4; rapid metabolism
(hyperthyroid) or decreased blood flow
(heart attack) increases the carbon dioxide
levels and therefore decreases pH or acidi-
fies the blood.

In contrast to the internal body, the pH
of secretions and excretions can be more
variable and range from 1.0 in stomach acid
to 8.2 in pancreatic juice and alkaline urine
of vegans.

Hydrogen ions circulate in the body in
two forms, volatile and non-volatile (meta-
bolic hydrogen ions). Volatile hydrogen ions
are found as a weak acid (carbonic acid),
which must continuously be excreted from
the lungs as carbon dioxide and water.

Non-volatile (metabolic) hydrogen ions
are produced by the normal metabolic pro-
cesses of the body or are consumed as part
of food.The largest amounts of hydrogen
ions are produced by normal and abnor-
mal metabolism. Large amounts of hydro-
gen ions may be generated anWor retained
as part of a disease activity (i.e.- emphy-
sema, diabetes, anxiety or loss of chloride
ions (NaCl deficiency, cystic fibrosis,
Addison's Diseases, etc.).

Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) is con-
trolled by the body by means of dilution,
buffering, respiratory control of volatile
hydrogen ion concentrations and kidney
control of non-volatile hydrogen ions. Buffer
systems react to hydrogen ion concentra-

tions in fractions of seconds, respiratory
controls react in minutes and the kidneys
may require as much as an hour to several
days to respond.

Metabolic hydrogen ions must be ex-
creted by the kidney in one of three forms:

1) 60 % as ammomium ions

2) 40% as weak acids

3) trace amounts as free
hydrogen ions

It is the amount of free hydrogen ions
in the urine that determines the urine's pH.
Bladder infections (cystitis) can often times
be controlled by acidifying the urine with
unsweetened cranberry juice.

He- Helium is found in igneous rocks
at 0.008 and sea water at 0.0000069 ppm.

Hf - Hafniumis found in igneous rocks
at 3 ppm; shale at 2.8 ppm; sandstone at
3.4 ppm; limestone at 0.3 ppm; sea water
at 0.000008 ppm; soil at 3.0 ppm; marine
plants at 0.4 ppm; land plants at 0.01 ppm;
land animals at 0.04 ppm.

Hg - Mercury is found in igneous
rocks at 0.08 ppm; shale at 0.4 ppm; sand-
stone at 0.03 ppm; limestone at 0.04 ppm;
fresh water at 0.00008 ppm; sea water at

Table 11-14:Mercury Mine Workers (Cinnabar Miners) Tissue Mercury Levels (ppm)

Thyroid Pituitary

Kidney

Liver

Miners 35.2 27.1

Controls 0.03 0.04

8.4

0.26

0.3

336

0.00003 ppm; soil at 0.03 to 0.8 ppm( low-
est in the surface layers of the soil because
it is leached and also it is volatilized); ma-
rine plants at 0.03 ppm; land plants at 0.015
ppm (Arenaria setacea is an accumulator
plant); land animals at 0.046 ppm (accu-
mulates in the brain, kidney, liver and
bone); marine animals at 0.0009 to 0.09
ppm.

Mercury occurs universally in the bios
and has long been known as a toxic ele-
ment (although the early Chinese alche-
mist insisted that the regular consumption
of mercury or potable gold was the path to
immortality) concentrated by industry, min-
ing operations, agriculture, dental repairs
(amalgams) and microorganisms that “me-
thylate” mercury in the sediments at the
bottoms of fresh water or salt water rivers,
lakes, oceans and seas.

Mercury has been detected in all tissues
of accident victims, with no known mercury
exposure except dental mercury amalgam
fillings.

Mercury in fish is present as methyl
mercury. People who rarely eat fish have
very low levels of mercury (2-5 ug/kg); mod-
erate fish consumers have 10 ug/kg; high
fish consumers (especially if they eat shark,
tuna or swordfish) have higher values of
400 ug/kg.

Mercury mine workers accumulate mer-
cury which can reach levels that produce
disease (Table 11- 14).

The biological half time of methyl mer-
cury in humans is 70 days and four days
for inorganic mercury. The placenta acts as
a barrier against the passage of inorganic
mercury but not methyl mercury; methyl
mercury transfers very easily to the fetus
("congenital" Minamata disease in infants).

The main industrial source of mercury
is the chloralkali industry; additional ma-

jor sources include the manufacture of elec-
trical appliances, paint, dental amalgams,
pharmaceuticals, slimicides and algicides
(paper and pulp industry), seed treatments
as agricultural fungicides - especially dan-
gerous as methyl mercury; burning of fos-
sil fuels.

The metabolic antagonism between
mercury and selenium results in the pro-
tection from selenium poisoning by mercury
and the protection against mercury poison-
ing by selenium. A mutual antagonism
between Hg and Se exists; Se protects the
human kidney from necrosis (tissue death)
by mercury poisoning and the placental
transfer of mercury.

Mercury vapor from dental amalgam
has been shown to increase the percent of
antibiotic resistant bacteria in the gut from
9 percent to 70 percent in monkeys given
dental mercury fillings; the drug resistant
bacterial population dropped to 12 percent
when the fillings were removed.

Mercury poisoning from inhalation of
mercury vapors was reported during the
Victorian Age in “hatters” who used mer-
curic nitrate paste to prevent mold from
growing on felt hats (“mad as a hatter” -
from Alice in Wonderland), goldsmiths and
mirror workers; in modern times dentists
have developed mental disease from
chronic exposure to mercury vapors (they
have the highest rate of suicide amongst all
the health professionals); dental patients
have developed several disease syndromes
including multiple sclerosis (Fig. 11-12),
ALS (Lou Gehrig's Disease) and Parkinson’s
Disease depending on what part of the brain
was most severely affected.

Annette Funichello contracted multiple
sclerosis which is known to be caused by
vapours from dental mercury amalgams.

The manifestations of direct Hg poison-

337

Fig. 11-12 Mercury amalgam “fillings” in a patient with multiple sclerosis

338

ST.LOUIS POST-DISPATCH

* TUESDAY, AUGUST 10, 1993

OBITUARIES

Dr. Samuel L. Gilberg; Dentist,
Playwright And Businessman

Dr. Samuel] L. Gilberg — a dentist,
a businessman and a playwright —
died Monday (Aug. 9, 1993) at his
home in Glencoe after a 10-year
struggle with amyotrophic lateral
sclerosis, or Lou Gehrig’s Disease.
He was 73.

Dr. Gilberg gave up his dental
practice in St. Louis County in 1983,
when doctors told him he had the
disease. To fill the time, he turned to
writing plays.

He was already an accomplished
businessman. In 1963, he founded
the Missouri School for Doctors’ As-
sistants. The school, in Warson
Woods, trains medical and dental as-
sistants and medical and dental office
workers. Today, the school is run by
Dr. Gilberg’s daughter, Laurel Van-
der Velde, and her husband, Michael,
of Des Peres.

Dr. Gilberg also founded the Den-
tal West Laboratory, which closed
with his practice, and was first presi-
dent of the Missouri Association of
Private Career Schools, an organiza-
tion he helped to found.

In the last decade, he became a
prolific writer, turning out 20 plays,
dozens of short stories and many arti-
cles. One of his plays, “The Lash,”
has been staged by the City Players
and the Jewish Community Centers
Association. It was inspired by the
life of Uriah Phillips Levy, the first

Jew to achieve high rank in the Navy
and a 19th-century crusader against
the tradition of flogging errant
sailors.

Dr. Gilberg had his own Naval
background, serving as a Navy den-
tist in World War II. After the war, he
practiced in University City, Warson.
Woods, Clayton and Creve Coeur; his.
family said he was a pioneer in such
techniques as dental implants and
cantilever bridges. In his spare time,
he enjoyed inventing novelty items.

Among survivors, in addition to his
daughter, are his wife of 49 years,
Muriel Gilberg; another daughter,
Candace Stuckenschneider of Pacific;
two sons, Kenneth Gilberg and Doug-
las Gilberg, both of Glencoe; a broth-
er, David Gilberg of Mount Vernon,
N.Y.; four sisters, Lillian Chasen of
Altadena, Calif., Esther Knox of
Mount Vernon, Betty Silberman of
Mission Viejo, Calif., and Roslyn
Brock of Fort Lee, N.J.; six grand-
children; and one great-grandchild.

Visitation will be from noon until 1
p.m. Wednesday at the Berger Me-
morial Chapel, 4715 McPherson Av-
enue. The funeral service will be held
there at 1 p.m., with burial at United
Hebrew Cemetery. The family will
sit shiva at Dr. Gilberg’s home, 2900
Ossenfort Road in Glencoe, until Fri-
day afternoon.

339

PRREREERD

THE SAN DIEGO UNION-TRIBUNE

OBITUARIES

Dr. Edward A. Kemler; activist
in S. Bay service organizations

By JACK WILLIAMS, Staff Wnter

Dr. Edward A. Kemler, a retired orthodontist whose
commitment to South Bay area service organizations
spanned parts of five decades, died Friday of Lou
Gehrig’s disease at his Bonita home. He was 67.

Dr. Kemler was diagnosed with amyotrophic lateral
sclerosis in January of last year and had been partici-
pating in an experimental drug study program for ALS
patients. The disease, characterized
by a deterioration of nerve cells and
loss of muscle control, is named
after the legendary Hall of Fame
first basemen.

Dr. Kemler remained active until
early this year with the Chula Vista
Rotary Club and the Community
Congregational Church of Chula
Vista. He was on the board of trust-
ees of the Chula Vista City School
District from 1968 to 1976 and
served as president in 1971-72, Dr. Edward
overseeing an extensive expansion A, Kemler
program.

At various times from the '50s through the early

"90s, Dr. Kemler served as president and director of
the Chula Vista Community Chest, volunteered for the
Salvation Army and the Sharp-Chula Vista Community
Hospital Auxiliary and served as a Boy Scouts leader.

Family and friends say Dr. Kemler adhered to the
credo “service before self,” suggesting ways to help
survivors of the Jan. 17 Northridge earthquake even
while bedridden with his disease.

Dr. Kemler opened his private orthodontics practice
when he and his wife, June, came to Chula Vista in
1956 from his native Chicago. He taught orthodontics
at Loma Linda University in 1961-65.

Dr. Kemler received his dentistry and orthodontics
degrees from Northwestern University. He served in
the U.S. Navy during World War IJ and the Korean
War.

An active outdoorsman, Dr. Kemler built two of his
family’s pleasure boats and enjoyed fishing, camping
and restoring and showing Chevrolet Corvairs. He
often drove his Corvairs in parades, escorting VIPs.

In addition to his wife of 41 years, Dr. Kemler is
survived by two daughters, Susan Walker, of Bellflow-
er, and Carol Budden, of Englewood, Colo.; two sons,
David, of Santee, and Richard, of Chula Vista; and a
sister, Constance Kent, of Monterey.

A memorial service is scheduled at 11 a.m. Saturday
at Community Congregational Church of Chula Vista,
where a reception will follow.

The family suggests contributions to a remem-
brance fund at Community Congregational Church of
Chula Vista, the Chula Vista Rotary Foundation or the
MDA Center for ALS.

340

ing are primarily neurological (i-e.- tremers,
vertigo, irritability, moodiness (suicidal)
depression, salivation, inflammation of the
mouth {stomatitis} and diarrhea).

In poisoning with inorganic mercury, the
liver and kidney’s are the target organs pri-
marily affected; poisoning with the more
toxic alkyl mercury results in progressive
incoordination, loss of vision, heart palpi-
tations, loss of hearing and mental deterio-
ration caused by a toxic neuro-
encephalopathy in which the neuronal
cells of the cerebral and cerebellar cortex
are selectively affected.

In 1962, Minamata, Japan, mercury
contaminated factory effluent (waste water)
was dumped into the bay, which in turn
contaminated aquatic plant material which
was eaten by fish; the contaminated fish
were eaten by the bay residents with
disasterous results.

The Minamata disaster was character-
ized by a high incidence of “congenital“
damage to the newborn (i.e.- mental retar-
dation, cerebral palsy, and high infant mor-
tality).

In Iran, large scale methyl mercury poi-
soning was reported when large numbers.
of people were fed bread made with mer-
curial fungicide treated seed grain and meat
(liver and kidneys) from animals fed the
treated grain.

The result of consuming the mercury
contaminated grains was thousands of ba-
bies born retarded, a high incidence of con-
genital brain defects including cerebral

palsy.

Ho - Holmium, a Rare Earth, is found
in igneous rocks at 1.2 ppm; in shale at 0.6
ppm; sandstone at 0.51 ppm; limestone at
0.17 ppm; land plants at 16 ppm in Carya

spp.; marine animals at 0.005 to 0.01 ppm;
and land animals at 0.5 ppm in bone.

I - Iodine is found in igneous rocks at 0.5 ppm; in shale at 2.3 ppm; sandstone at 1.7 ppm; limestone at 1.2 ppm; fresh water at 0.002 ppm; sea water at 0.06 ppm; soil at 5 ppm (strongly bound in humus- large areas of Earth known to be devoid of I); marine plants at 30 to 1,500 ppm; land plants at 0.42 ppm; marine animals at 1.0 to 150 ppm; land animals at 0.43 ppm (concentration in the thyroid gland and hair).

Known to be essential to red and brown algae and all vertebrates.

Iodine in combination with the amino acid tyrosine is manufactured into the thyroid hormone thyroxin. Iodine intake is usually low to begin with, but since Americans have begun restricting their salt intake at the advice of their "allopath" goiter (Fig. 11-13) and hypothyroidism has become epidemic.

The average American takes in 170-250 mcg/day of I; humans lose considerable amounts of I in their sweat (up to 146mcg/day with only moderate exercise).

Metallic iodine is not toxic up to 2,000 mcg/day.

Goiter develops in Japanese living along the sea coast despite high daily iodine consumption. Japanese subjects were fed Chinese cabbage, turnips, buckwheat, noodles. 2.0 mcg I, soybean or seaweed - goiter developed in all groups except the seaweed group.

Northern parts of the Adriatic Islands had more clinical goiter than the southern areas while the southwest was goiter-free (46% of the population of Pisila; 40% of the population of Polje and only 3% of the population of Milahnici); there is identical iodine content of the soil in all three locations; however, there is a severe copper deficiency in the soils of the north and the south (copper is required to utilize iodine).

Some 11 million Americans have either a hypothyroid (low, underactive) or a hyperthyroid (overactive) condition. Thyroid hormones control and regulate digestion, heart rate, body temperature, sweat gland activity, nervous and reproductive system, general metabolism and body weight.

SYMPTOMS of HYPOTHYROIDISM
(Hashimoto's Disease)
Fatigue
Cold intolerance
Muscle aches & pains
Heavy or more frequent periods
Low sex drive
Brittle nails
Weight gain
Hair loss
Muscle cramps
Depression
Constipation
Elevated blood cholesterol
Puffy face
Dry skin and hair
Inability to concentrate
Poor memory
Goiter

SYMPTOMS of HYPERTHYROIDISM
(Grave's Disease)
Insomnia
Heat Intolerance
Excessive sweating
Lighter/less frequent periods
Hand Tremors
Rapid pulse
Exophthalmos ("bug-eyes")
Weight loss
Increased appetite
Muscle weakness
Frequent bowel movements
Irritability
Nervousness
Goiter

Many foods and food additives are known as "goitrogens" because they interfere with the thyroids metabolism and produce goiter when consumed in inordinate amounts (i.e.- nitrates, broccoli, cabbage, Brussels sprouts, etc.).

In - Indium is found in igneous rocks
at 0.05 to 1.0 ppm; shale at 0.1 ppm; sand-
stone and limestone at 0.05 ppm; land ani-
mals at 0.016 ppm.

IF - Iridium is found in igneous rocks

at 0.001 ppm; Land plants at 0.62 ppm and
land animals at 0.00002 ppm.

K - Potassium is found in igneous rocks at 20,000 ppm; shale at 26,000 ppm; sandstone at 10,700 ppm; limestone at 2,700 ppm; fresh water at 2.3 ppm; sea water at 380 ppm; soil at 14,000 ppm (a major exchangeable cation in all, but the most alkaline soils); marine plants at 52,000; land plants at 14,000 ppm; marine animals at 5,000 to 30,000 ppm; land animals at 7,400 ppm (highest levels in soft tissues).

Potassium is essential to all organisms and is the major cation in cell cytoplasm with wide variety of electrochemical and catalytic functions for enzyme systems. Potassium constitutes five percent of the total mineral content of the body; it is the major cation of the intracellular fluid and there is a small amount in the extracellular fluid. With sodium, the other “electrolyte,” K participates in the maintenance of normal water balance, osmotic equilibrium and acid-base balance. Potassium participates with Ca in the regulation of neuromuscular activity.

Potassium is easily absorbed, 90 % of ingested K is excreted through the urine, there is essentially no storage of K in the human body requiring significant daily intake of 5,000 mg.

Muscular weakness and mental apathy are features of K deficiency, hypokalemic cardiac failure is the most serious K deficiency event. Diuretics, both natural and prescribed and sweating from colds and flu or exercise, vomiting and diarrhea increase the rate of loss of all minerals, including K, compared with normal expected excretion.

Kr - Krypton is found in igneous rocks at 0.0001 ppm; sea water at 0.0025 ppm. Krypton is legendary for having debilitating effects on “Superman” but in fact is totally harmless for humans and may in fact be an essential element.

La - Lanthanum is a “light” Rare Earth and is found in igneous rocks at 30 ppm; shale at 20 ppm; sandstone at 7.5 ppm; limestone at 6.2 ppm; sea water at 0.000012 ppm; soil at 30 ppm; marine plants at 10 ppm; land plants at 0.085 ppm (accumulated by Carya spp. and by the yeast Candida albicans up to 370 ppm/day - this may be how Candida causes a debilitating energy sapping “chronic fatigue-like” disease by “stealing” Lanthanum from the patient); marine mammals at 0.1 ppm; land animals at 0.0001 ppm in soft tissue and 0.27 ppm in bone.

The growth of the protozoa Blepharisma and Tetrahymena pyriformis is stimulated and life span doubled by the presence of the Rare Earth Lanthanum at concentrations of 0.32 ppm.

Li - Lithium is found in igneous rocks at 20 ppm; shale at 66 ppm; sandstone 15 ppm; limestone 5 ppm; fresh water at 0.0011 ppm; sea water at 0.18 ppm; soil at 30 ppm (Li is freely mobile in the soil); marine plants at 5 ppm; land plants at 0.1 ppm; marine animals at 1 ppm; land animals at 0.02 ppm.

Since 1915, the risk of clinical depression nearly doubles with each succeeding generation. Myrna M. Weissman, a psychiatrist at Columbia University, New York City, says that, “Depression is a world wide phenomenon happening at younger and younger ages.”

In 1935, the age of early onset of depression was during the late 20's; in 1955 onset dropped to between 15 and 20. One in four women and one in ten men will develop depression. While the professional psychiatrist verbally says that depression and manic depression are due to “feelings that we are out of control of our lives, negative thinking, self recrimination (“I'm a loser”) are the root cause of depression,” they treat depression successfully with the trace mineral lithium - depression and manic depression with all that implies are simply a lithium deficiency aggravated by high sugar consumption.

THE NEW YORK TIMES

DEPRESSION COSTS
PUT AT $43 BILLION

Study Says Impact of Illness
Ranks It Second Behind
Heart Disease in U.S.

By DANIEL GOLEMAN

The annual cost of depression in
America 18 $437 billion, an a par with
heart disease, according to a study
made public yesterday

About 11 million people suffer trom
depression ina given year, and for
Rearly two-thirds it goes undiagnosed
and untreated, said the study, which
was published in The Journal of Clini-
cal Psychiatry

“What's striking 1s that the costs of
depression are comparable to those for
other majar diseases,” said the leader
of the study, Paul Greenberg, a health
economist at the Analysis Group, 4
business consulting concern in Cam-
bridge, Mass “In allocating resources
4s 4 society, we should consider de
Pression as an important health prob-
lem, too”

Dr Frederick Goodwin, director of
the National Institute of Mental Health
sind that among major diseases, clint
cal depression ranks secand only to
advanced coronary heart disease in the
(otal number of days patients spend in
the hospital or disabled at home. “Ma:
jor depression is far mare disahhing
than many medical disorders, includ:
ing chronic lung disease, arthritis and
diabetes,” he said

Tipper Gore's Comment

The study shows that health insur.
ance for mental illness 1s not a luxury
or a frill, said Tipper Gore, the Vice
President's wife, who advises Presi-
dent Clintan on the issue

The aveatest source af economic bur
den, accounting far more than half the
total, comes from depression’s impact
on work performance. especially
among those who receive no treatment
The cast of days lost from wark 1s
abet $117 bilhion, and imparrment
from the symptoms while peaple con.
tinue on the joh costs $12 1 hillion more

The impairments include poor can-
centration and memory. indecisive.
ness, fatigue apathy and a lack of self.
confidence — and, in those with mania
4 grandiose unrealistic overconfi
dence Ail these symptoms reduce peo-
ple's capacity to work on average. for
Mase who are well enough to work the
report estimates that depression re
duces a worker's output hy 20 percent

Depression tends to strike people in
the most productive phase of life, and
the mast productive people.” Dr Good-
ain said

When someone is depressed on the
Joh it can also hamper co-workers,
although the report did not include the
costs of thas effect in the estimates

Rurden on Employers Cited
The costs of depression were calcu
ted for 1990, the most recent year for
which complete data are available. In
that year 290 millon working days
were lost because employees’ depres
sion was so severe that they could not
work at all, the report estimates.

“Because depression strikes early in
Iife and 15 So often angoing, depression
imposes an especrally large hurden an
employers.” said Mr Greenberg, the
health economist

Depression costs husinesses an aver-
age of $3.000 for each depressed work.
er, the report said. A lot of money could
be saved if there were mare aggressive
Magnasis and treatment of depression,
treating depression shortens an epi
sode by an average of one-third, the
report estimates

Suicides are another source of costs,
because af the loss of lifetime earnings
In 1990 about 15,000 men and 3,400
women in the Untied States committed
surcide because af depression, at a Cost
of about $7.5 billion, the report says

Psychiatne care, including hospital:
vation, psychotherapy and medica
tions, totaled $124 billion

Hidden Costs Not Counted

Dr Goodwin said the report did not
cansider such hidden casts fram de.
Pression as the cost of treatment for
Substance abuse or other problems de-
riving from the depression, ar the cost
of unnecessary medical tests ordered
by doctors who mistake depression for
other diseases

Most depressed people present
their symptoms to a nonpsychiatrist,
and only one in four af these physicians
accurately diagnose the problem,” Dr
Goodwin said. He suggested that work:
place programs “focus as much on
depression as they do now on substance
thuse *

The repart was prepared by a team
led hy Mr Greenherg and Laura Srigiin
af the Analysts Group, Dr Stan Finkel-
stein of the Sloan School of Manage.
ment and Ernst Berndt of the National
Bureau of Econorme Research

The study was based on 1990 figures
for the prevalence af three kinds of
depression major, minor and manic
Symptoms of major depression are se-
vere enough to be debilitating. In addi-
tion to sadness, the symptoms include
thoughts of worthlessness or self
blame, feelings of hopelessness, confu-
sion and indecision. loss of apperite and
Insomnia, agitation or lethargy

Symptoms of mild depression in.
clude a dour mocd that lasts for
months or years, a lass of interest in
pleasures and any af the symptoms of
major depression, though not at such
an incapacitating level

Mamie depression, or bipolar dis.
order. 1s marked by periods of grand
asity and elation and bad judgment and
apatation alternating with periods of
deep depression, at its extreme, symp
‘oms include brief psychosis

Of the nearly 11 million Americans
who suffered fram depression in 1990,
more than 5 milhon had major depres.
sion, about 18 million had bipolar dis
order and about 41 milion had mild
depression, the report said

345

THE

NEW YORK TIMES OBITUARIES monpay, SEPTEMBER 6, 1993

Herve Villechaize,
Actor, 50, Commits
Suicide at His Home

LOS ANGELES, Sept. 4 (AP) —
Herve Villechaize, the diminutive actor
whose shout, ‘‘The plane! The plane!"”
greeted arriving guests on the televi-
sion show “Fantasy Island,” died Sat-
urday at his home in Los Angeles. He
was 50.

Mr. Villechaize, who left a note and a
tape recording saying he was despon-
dent over longtime health problems,
died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound,
his publicist David Brokaw said. Mr.
Brokaw said Mr. Villechaize’s compan-
ion, Kathy Self, found the actor’s body
at their home shortly after the shoot-
ing.

Mr. Villechaize, who was 3 feet 11
inches tall, played Tattoo, the comical
sidekick to Ricardo Montalban’s Mr.
Rourke on “Fantasy Island,” which
ran on ABC from 1978 through 1984.

He had a history of medical prob-
lems stemming from his undersized
lungs and nearly died of pneumonia
last year. He also suffered from ulcers.

Began as Painter

Mr. Villechaize, a native of Paris,
appeared on “Fantasy Island” from
1978 to 1983, leaving after a salary
dispute.

In France, he had studied to be a
painter, but turned to acting after mov-
ing to New York. He was a supporting
player on stage and in films in the
1960's and 1970's before obtaining a
role in a ‘Fantasy Island’’ television
movie in 1977.

He was troubled by legal problems in

Associated Press, 1978
Herve Villechaize

recent years and did not find much
work after leaving “Fantasy Island.””

“It was kind of limited,” id an-
other publicist, Sandy Brokaw. “Every
time I got something for him 1 was
elated and kind of surprised because
there wasn’t a lot of demand for his
services.”

In 1985, he was sentenced to a year’s
probation and fined $425 for illegally
carrying a loaded weapon.

He had appeared recently in com-
mercials for Dunkin’ Donuts and Coors
beer, as well as in an episode of the
“Larry Sanders Show.”

“We were trying to do a remake of
Fantasy Island and we weren't able to
put it together,” Mr. Brokaw said.

[Table 11-15 · Lithium in Scalp Hair of Adults, Students, and Violent Criminals (Schrauzer & Shrestha, Biological Trace Element Research 34:161, 1992) — figure]
[Table 11-16 · Homicide Rates in 27 Counties of Texas by Lithium Content of the Municipal Drinking Water (Schrauzer & Shrestha, Biological Trace Element Research 25, 1990) — figure]
[Table 11-17 · Mean Crime and Suicide Rates 1978–1987 in 22 Texas Counties in Relation to Drinking-Water Lithium (Schrauzer & Shrestha, Biological Trace Element Research 25, 1990) — figure]

Prozac, America’s “leading” antidepressant pharmaceutical was introduced in 1987, sales soared to $350 million in 1989, more than was spent on all antidepressants just two years earlier - projections estimate Prozac sales to top $1 billion in sales by 1995 as a result of allopathic doctors generating 650,000 prescriptions per month!

Animal studies show that a deficiency of lithium results in reproductive failure, infertility, reduced growth rate, shortened life expectancy and behavioral problems. In humans, manic depression, depression, “Bi-polar” disease, rages, Dr. Jekyll/Mr. Hyde behavior, hyperactivity, ADD, “Bad Seeds” are hallmarks of Li deficiency.

Chelated Li supplemented at 1,000 to 2,000 ug/d causes a dose-dependent increase in hair Li levels; hair Li levels increased after four weeks of supplementation and leveled off and became stationary after three months; when the Li supplementation was stopped, hair Li levels dropped to presupplement values in two months. This picture does not extend to lithium carbonate (metallic).

A comparison of 2,648 subjects showed that 65 % had hair Li values ranging between 0.04 to 0.14 ug/G; 16 % contained more than 0.14 ug/G and 18.4 % had less than 0.04 ug/G. The highest levels of Li were found in university students from Tijuana, Mexico and the lowest levels were found in Munich, Germany.

Normal controls showed almost 400 times more hair Li than do the violent criminal (Table 11-15, 11-16, 11-17) from California, Florida, Texas and Oregon.

The estimated daily intake of Li by the EPA ranges from 650 to 3,100 ug/d; however, much of this Li is metallic and not biologically available. Lithium supplementation increases the hair concentrations of V, Al, Pb, As and Co. Short term supplementation of Li elevates serum B12 levels; with long term supplementation serum B12 drops.

1.Schrauzer,G.N., et al.: Lithium in Scalp
Hair of Adults, Students, and Violent Crimi-
nals. Biol.TraceEle.Research.34:161.1992.

2.Schrauzer,G.N., et al.: Lithium in
Drinking Water and the Incidences of
Crimes, Suicides, and Arrests Related to
Drug Addictions. Biol. Trace Ele. Re-
search.25:105.1990.

Lu- Lurecium, a Rare Earth, is found
in igneous rocks at 0.5 ppm; shale at 0.33
ppm; sandstone at 0.096 ppm; limestone
at 0.067 ppm; land plants at up to 4.5 ppm
by Carya spp.; marine animals at 0.003
ppm; land animals at 0.00012 ppm in soft
tissue and 0.08 ppm in bone.

Mg - Magnesium is found in igneous rocks at 23,300 ppm; in shale at 15,000 ppm; sandstone 10,700 ppm; limestone at 2,700 ppm; fresh water at 4.1 ppm; sea water at 1,350 ppm; soil at 5,000 ppm (highest in soil derived from basalt, serpentine or dolomite) - Mg is the second most common exchangeable cation in most soils; marine plants at 5,200 ppm; land plants at 3,200 ppm; marine animals at 5,000 ppm; land animals at 1,000 ppm (accumulates in mammalian bone).

Magnesium is essential to all living organisms and has electrochemical, catalytic and structural functions, activates numerous enzymes and is a constituent of all chlorophylls.

The adult human contains 20 to 28 grams of total body magnesium. Approximately 60 % is found in bone, 26 % is associated with skeletal muscle and the balance is distributed between various organs and body fluids. Serum levels of Mg range from 1.5 to 2.1 mEq/L; it is second to K as an intracellular cation - half of the Mg, including most that is bound in the bone is not exchangeable.

Magnesium is required for the production and transfer of energy for protein synthesis, for contractility of muscle and excitability of nerves, and as a cofactor in myriads of enzyme systems. AN EXCESS OF MG WILL INHIBIT BONE CALCIFICATION. Calcium and Mg have antagonistic roles in normal muscle contraction, calcium acting as the stimulator and Mg as the relaxer. An excessive amount of Ca can induce signs of Mg deficiency.

The rate of absorption of Mg ranges from 24 to 85 %. The lesser absorption rate is for metallic sources of Mg, the higher levels are associated with plant derived colloidal sources. Vitamin D has no effect on Mg absorption; the presence of fat, phytates and calcium reduces the efficiency of absorption. High performance athletes lose a considerable amount of Mg in sweat.

Table 11-18. Deficiency Diseases of Magnesium.
Asthma
Anorexia
Menstrual migraines
Growth failure
ECG changes
Neuromuscular problems
Tetany (Convulsions)
Depression
Muscular weakness
Muscle “Ties”
Tremors
Vertigo
Calcification of small arteries
“Malignant” calcification of soft tissue

The RDA for Mg is 350 mg/day for adult males, 300 mg/day for adult females and 450 mg/day for pregnant and lactating females. If kidneys are healthy there is no evidence of toxicity at up to 6,000 mg per day.

Deficiencies of Mg result in a wide variety of deficiency diseases and symptoms (Table 11-18).

Mn - Manganese is found in igneous rocks at 950 ppm; shale at 850 ppm; sandstone at 50 ppm; limestone at 1,100 ppm; fresh water at 0.012 ppm; sea water at 0.002 ppm; soil at 850 ppm (can be a major exchangeable cation in very acid soil); marine plants at 1 to 60 ppm (lowest in fish); land animals at 0.2 ppm (highest concentrations in mammalian liver and kidney); the total body content of Mn in humans is only 10 to 20 mg.

Manganese is essential to all known living organisms; it activates numerous enzyme systems including those involved with glucose metabolism, energy production and superoxide dismutase; it is a major constituent of several metalloenzymes, hormones, and proteins of humans. Manganese is part of the developmental process and the structure of the fragile ear bones and joint cartilage. Excessive levels of Mn found in certain community water supplies and in some industrial processes can produce a Parkinsonian syndrome or a psychiatric disorder (locura manganica) resembling schizophrenia.

Deficiency diseases of Mn are very striking ranging from severe birth defects (Congenital ataxia, deafness, Chondrodystrophy), asthma, convulsions, retarded growth, skeletal defects, disruption of fat and carbohydrate metabolism to joint problems in children and adults (TMJ, Repetitive Motion Syndrome, Carpal Tunnel Syndrome) (Table 11-19).

Repetitive Stress Injury or Repetitive Motion Syndrome now costs corporate America $20 billion dollars per year and accounts for 56% of the 331,600 gradual onset work related illnesses. In 1991 orthopedic surgeons performed 100,000 Carpal Tunnel operations (at $4,000 per surgery) with a lost work, wages and medical cost of over $29,000 per case.

Table 11-19. Deficiency Diseases of Manganese.
Congenital ataxia
deafness (malformation of otoliths)
Asthma
Chondromalacia
Chondrodystrophy
“Slipped Tendon”
Defects of chondroitin sulfate metabolism (poor cartilage formation)
TMJ
Repetitive Motion Syndrome
Carpal Tunnel Syndrome
Convulsions
Infertility (failure to ovulate; testicular atrophy)
Still births or spontaneous abortions (miscarriages)
Loss of libido in males and females
Retarded growth rate
Shortened long bones

At risk for The Repetitive Motion Syndromes are those working in the fields of computers (journalism, airline reservations, directory assistance, law, data entry, graphic design and securities brokerage. Chief among the blue collar victims are the auto assembly workers, chicken pluckers, meat cutters, postal employees, dock workers, etc. Repetitive Motion Syndrome was observed three centuries ago in monks who were scribes and was described in 1717 by Bernardo Ramazzini, an Italian physician (considered the father of occupational medicine).

Repetitive Motion Syndrome victims have reached such numbers that federal legislation has been passed in the form of OSHA and Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) to ensure work place safety. Large numbers of ergonomically correct keyboards and devices have been developed, we see literally millions of people at work with Velcro wrist, neck, elbow, finger, knee, back and hip supports - all for manganese deficiencies!!! The allopathic medical profession would still prefer to spend your money than to admit that the human flesh needs Mn.

Mo - Molybdenum is found in igneous rocks at 1.5 ppm; shale at 2.6 ppm; sandstone at 0.02 ppm; limestone 0.4 ppm; fresh water at 0.00035 ppm; sea water at 0.01 ppm; soil at 2 ppm (strongly concentrated by humus, especially in alkaline soils; a few soils worldwide are rich enough in molybdenum to cause Mo poisoning in animals consuming the plants; numerous soils are known for Mo deficiency); marine plants at 0.45 ppm; land plants at 0.9 ppm; marine animals at 0.6 to 2.5 ppm; land animals at 0.2 ppm (highest levels in the liver and kidney).

Molybdenum is essential to all organisms as a constituent of numerous metalloenzymes. Molybdenum is known to be an integral part of no less than three essential enzymes:
1- Xanthine oxidase
2- Aldehyde oxidase
3- Sulfite oxidase

The average American daily intake in food ranges from 76 to 109 mcg per day - the RDA for Mo is 250 mcg per day.

Toxicity occurs at 10 mg per day as a gout-like disease and interference with copper metabolism.

[Table 11-20 · Nitrogen/Protein Utilization Values of Common Foods — figure]

N - Nitrogen is found in igneous rocks at 20 ppm; fresh water at 0.23 ppm; sea water 0.5 ppm; soils 1,000 ppm (99 % present as non-basic N bound in humus); marine plants at 15,000 ppm; land plants at 30,000 ppm; marine animals at 75,000 ppm; land animals at 100,000 ppm.

Nitrogen functions as a structural atom in protein, nucleic acids (RNA, DNA) and a wide variety of organic molecules. Dietary N (as protein) furnish the amino acids for synthesis of tissue protein and other special metabolic functions:

1) Proteins are used to repair worn-out body tissue (anabolic process)
2) Proteins are used to build new tissue (muscle, infant growth, childhood, teenagers, pregnancy)
3) Proteins can be an emergency source of heat and energy (albeit more expensive in biological terms than fat or carbohydrate)

353

THE DENVER POST

Suaday, July 11, 1993

Heat toll
up to 21
in East

12 die in one day
in Philadelphia

By The Associated Press

Twelve people died of heat-re-
lated causes in the Philadelphia
area alone yesterday as a record-
setting heat wave gripped the East
Coast.

The heat has now killed 21 peo-
ple along the Eastern seaboard
during the past week.

The latest victims included a 4-
year-old boy who had climbed into
his aunt’s parked station wagon
while visiting relatives outside
Philadelphia, police said. It was
not known how long he'd been in
the car, police said.

Meanwhile, triple-digit heat
fried New York City for a third
straight day yesterday, tying a re-
cord dating to 1948. No relief was
expected until Tuesday, when a
frontal system from the West was
forecast to arrive.

Philadelphia also tied its record
for consecutive days of above 100-
degree temperatures. The last
time its temperatures reached tri-
ple digits for three days in a row
was in 1966.

In Massachusetts, 20,000 chick-
ens died in the heat after lightning
struck a henhouse ventilation sys-
tem.

By noon yesterday, tempera-
tures in Atlantic City had reached
97, breaking the old record for the
date set in 1880. And those teem-
ing to the New Jersey shore had to
cross a scorching strip of sand be-
fore reaching the cool Atlantic.

“The sand is dangerous,” said
Lt. Jack Schellenger of the Cape
May Beach Patrol. “It'll take the
skin right off your feet. We see a,
lot of people jumping around.”

354

4) Proteins make up essential body secretions and fluids (i.e.- enzymes, hormones, mucus, milk, semen, etc.)
5) Blood plasma proteins maintain osmotic fluid balance (hypoproteinemia results in edema)
6) Proteins maintain acid-base balance of blood and tissues
7) Proteins aid in transport of other essential substances (i.e. - minerals, fats, vitamins, etc.)
8) Proteins make up basic immunoglobulins (antibodies)
9) Proteins provide a N pool for the synthesis of amino acids and new proteins

Classic protein deficiency results in infertility, poor growth, lowered immune status, edema and Kwashiorkor (potbellied, thin children of third world countries). The availability and usability of N from various foods is quite different and must be considered when choosing N sources (Table 11-20).

Na - Sodium is found in igneous rocks at 23,600 ppm; shale at 9,600 ppm; sandstone at 3,300 ppm; limestone at 400 ppm; fresh water at 6.3 ppm; sea water at 10,500 ppm; soil at 6,300 ppm (is a major exchangeable cation in soil especially alkaline soil; marine plants at 33,000 ppm; land plants at 1,200 ppm; marine animals at 4,000 to 48,000 ppm; and land animals at 4,000 ppm.

“Salt hunger” dates back to the very beginning of animals and man and is one of the very basic cravings of living organisms. Carnivores (man or beast) do not show the great craving for salt because meat contains relatively large amounts of NaCl, but herbivores and human vegetarians demand large amounts of NaCl because there is little or no natural NaCl in grains, vegetables and fruits. The average sodium dietary intake per day in western cultures is five to 12 G/day while the Japanese who on the average out live Americans by four years consume an average of 28 G/day!!

Sodium, Cl and K are three indispensable “electrolytes” so intimately associated in the body that they can be presented together. Sodium makes up two percent, K five percent and Cl three percent of the total mineral content of the human body. All three are widely distributed throughout the body tissues and fluids, however, Na and Cl are primarily extracellular (outside the cell) minerals while K is an intracellular (inside the cell) mineral. Sodium, K and Cl are involved in at least four important physiological functions in the body:

1) Maintenance of normal water balance and distribution
2) Maintenance of normal osmotic equilibrium
3) Maintenance of normal acid-base balance
4) Maintenance of normal muscular irritability

Hormonal control of Na, K and Cl balance is regulated by the adrenal cortex hormones as well as by the anterior pituitary gland. Addison's Disease, a loss of function of the adrenal cortex, results in the loss of Na and K retention with clinical signs of general weakness, muscle cramps, weight loss and a marked “salt hunger.” The symptoms can be relieved with the supplementation of NaCl or by administering adrenal cortical hormones.

Deficiencies of NaCl occur primarily in hot weather (the heat wave of July 1993) or heavy work in a hot climate when large volumes of sweat are required for body cooling. “Water intoxication” occurred in infants fed low Na formulas because of the allopathic doctors paranoia with Na - their brains swelled causing death from a simple Na deficiency.

The treatment for Na deficiency is water and salt either orally or IV (saline 0.9 %).

Nb - Niobium is found in igneous
rocks at 20 ppm; shale at 11 ppm; sand-
stone at 0.05 ppm; limestone 0.3 ppm; sea
water 0.00001 ppm; land plants 0.3 ppm
and marine animals 0.001 ppm.

Nd - Neodymium, a Rare Earth, is found in igneous rocks at 28 ppm; shale at 16 ppm; sandstone 11 ppm; limestone 4.3 ppm; marine plants at 5 ppm; land plants accumulates up to 460 ppm in Carya spp.; marine animals at 0.5 ppm; accumulates in the liver and bone of land animals.

Neodymium is a “light” Rare Earth proven to enhance normal cell growth and double life spans of laboratory species.

Ne - Neon is found in igneous rocks
at 0.005 ppm and sea water at 0.00014
ppm.

Ni - Nickel is found in igneous rocks at 75 ppm; shale at 68 ppm; sandstone at 2 ppm; limestone at 20 ppm; fresh water at 0.01 ppm; sea water at 0.0054 ppm; soils at 40 ppm (higher in soils derived from serpentine); marine plants at 3 ppm; land plants at 3 ppm (accumulated by Alyssum bertalonii); marine animals at 0.4-25 ppm and land animals at 0.8 ppm (accumulates in RNA).

Table 11-21. Symptoms of Nickel Deficiency in the rat.
Poor growth
Lower hematocrit (anemia)
Depressed oxidative ability of the liver
High newborn mortality
Rough/dry hair coat
Dermatitis
Delayed puberty
Poor zinc absorption

Less than 10 % of ingested metallic nickel is absorbed. Nickel deficiency was first reported in 1970 (Table 11-21).

Nickel functions as a cofactor for metalloenzymes and facilitates gastrointestinal absorption of iron and zinc. Optimal tissue levels of B12 is necessary for the optimal biological function of nickel - B12 deficiency results in an increased need for nickel by animals and man.

Np - All isotopes of neptunium are
radioactive. the half life of Np is 2.2 x 10°.
Np accumulates in mammalian bone after
ingestion; Np has been found in fresh wa-
ter organisms in the Hanford River (USA).

356

Ai “UT

Did the dinosaurs suffocate

By Tim Friend
USA TODAY

The end of the dinosaur
era was marked by a rapid
decline in atmospheric oxy-
gen — creating an environ-
ment in which wheezing gi-
ants roamed, too tired to

compete, a new theory says.
“If you’re chasing down
dinner and pass out before
you get to eat, that would not
enhance survivability,” says
Gary Landis, U.S. Geological
Survey in Boulder, Colo.
Researchers analyzed an-
cient gas bubbles trapped in
amber. Results, reported
Wednesday at the Geological
Society of America meeting,

shows oxygen levels de-
clined rapidly before the di-
nosaurs disappeared.

Why did the decline occur
so fast? Landis and his col-
leagues say the air was rich &
with oxygen because volca-
nic activity pumped out car-
bon dioxide, which was con-
verted to oxygen by plants.

When the volcanic “super
plumes” shut down, carbon
levels fell, plant life declined
and oxygen levels dropped.

That seems to have hap-
pened over 6 million years
about 65 million years ago.

The main competing dino- fj

saur theory: They died after
an asteroid hit the Earthand
dust clouds blocked the sun.

357

O - Oxygen is found in igneous rock at 464,000 ppm; shale at 483,000 ppm; sandstone at 492,000 ppm; limestone at 497,000 ppm; fresh water at 889,000 ppm; sea water at 857,000 ppm; soils at 490,000 ppm; marine plants at 470,000 ppm; land plants at 410,000 (except anaerobic organisms); marine animals at 400,000 ppm; land animals at 186,000 ppm.

Terrestrial O consists of 99.76 % '°O with a half life of less than two minutes.

Oxygen is a structural atom of water (in and out of living systems) and of all organic compounds of biological interest; O, is required for “respiration” by all organisms (except for anaerobic organisms). We can live for 30 days without food, 3 to 7 days without water under ideal circumstances, but only four minutes without gaseous Oxygen - oxygen is the most critical of all elemental factors for the maintenance of human life.

According to the 1980's U.S Geological Survey, our Earth’s atmosphere had 50 % oxygen 75 million years ago when dinosaurs flourished (these oxygen level estimates were arrived at by inserting microneedles into trapped air bubbles in polar ice and determining the oxygen level in ancient ice) - some paleontologists claim that the simultaneous and universal demise of the dinosaurs followed the widespread quieting of the Earth’s volcanoes which reduced the levels of atmospheric CO,, which in turn reduced the oxygen levels to 38 %. It is theorized that the 12 % drop in the Earth’s oxygen levels was sufficient to cause the apocalyptic end of the dinosaurs.

The Geological Survey also reported that the Earth’s atmosphere still contained 38 % oxygen as late as 100 years ago. During the 1950's the percentage of oxygen in our atmosphere dropped to 21 % and today only 19 % of our gaseous atmosphere is oxygen! The continued drop in oxygen levels reflects an increase in oxygen consuming species (including the runaway human population) and fossil fuel burning machines (i.e. - vehicles, electric and power generating plants, etc.) and less oxygen producers (i.e.- decreasing acreages of rain forests and aquatic algae). The net result of

[Table 11-22 · Anaerobic Diseases of Humans — figure]

358

Child Dies From Bacteria; Parents

Had Voiced an Ap

From Reuters

SEATTLE—A child whose par-
ents appeared on President Clin-
ton’s electronic town meeting ear-
lier this month became the third
person to die from an outbreak of
food poisoning, doctors said.

The boy, 17-month-old Riley
Detwiler, died Saturday at Seattle
Children’s Hospital from respirato-
ry failure brought on by an infec-
tion with the E. coli bacteria, they
said.

His parents, Darin and Vicki
Detwiler, appeared on Clinton’s
Feb. 11 electronic town meeting to
ask him to move quickly on health |
reform and to improve the U.S. |
system of meat inspection. :

The death is the third linked to |
an outbreak of food poisoning
caused by E. coli that began in
early January and has caused more
than 450 people in Washington
state to become ill.

According to the state health
department, 94% of the cases have i
been tied to Jack in the Box
restaurants.

\

The Detwilers contend that their
son was infected by the bacteria at

peal to Clinton

his day care center from another
child who had eaten at Jack in the
Box.

During the town meeting, Vicki
Detwiler told the President the
family faced a staggering health
bill because her husband lost his
job—and the family’s medical in-
surance—just two days before
their son fell ill.

According to state health offi-
cials, frozen hamburger patties
taken from the Jack in the Box
restaurants were found to be heav-
ily contaminated with E. coli bac-
teria.

-4

THE NATION

Tainted meat

traced to

The Associated Press

SEATTLE — Tainted fast-food
hamburger meat blamed for the death
of at least one child and the illnesses of
more than 300 people is thought to
have come from cows in California, a
health official said on Friday.

Dr. John Kobayashi, the state’s chief
epidemiologist, said federal health and
agricultural investigators had not pin-
pointed a specific herd or
slaughterhouse.

“It appears most of the cattle for the
implicated lot of hamburger meat
we're looking at comes from the Cen-
tral Valley in California,” he said.

The raw beef was supplied to The
Vons Cos. of Arcadia, Calif

GEORGIA

Mass vaccination begun

in meningitis outbreak

CARROLLTON — Residents of
the western county of Carroll
lined up for bacterial meningitis
vaccinations Friday amid an out-
break of the discase blamed for
one death.

Health officials in Carroll
County hope to vaccinate more
than 20,000 people between ages
2 and 29 by Sunday. By Friday
afternoon, 2.745 people had
received shots, said Jeanne
Mathews of Tanner Medical
Center.

The disease has killed one girl,
and six residents have become ill
since November.

California herd

=} —______

0 PA Le
IN WASHINGTON

From Herald Wire Services

AIDS EPIDEMIC

Panel urges Clinton

to mobilize response

The National Commission on
AIDS has urged President Clin-
ton to address the American pub-
lic about the epidemic, boost
research spending and lift immi-
gration restrictions on people
with the virus.

The 15-member commission
on Thursday released a letter it
has sent the president on ways to
“mobilize America’s response to.
AIDS.”

It urged him to make good ona
campaign promise to appoint an
AIDS coordinator at the White
House.

The commission, which was
often at loggerheads with former.
President Bush, urged Clinton to
“discuss the AIDS crisis with the

American people” early and

often.

A Second Child Dies in Bacterial Outbreak

SEATTLE, Jan. 28 (Reuters) — A
second Washington State child died to-
day of E. coli infection, an outbreak
that has been traced to tainted ham-
burgers sold by Jack in the Box fast-
food restaurants in the Pacific North-
west.

Doctors said the child's case had not
been linked to the tainted meat, and it
1s unclear whether she was infected
through contact with someone who had
eaten the contaminated hamburgers or
fell victim to the bacterial outbreak in
some other way.

“As far as we know, this chitd and
her family had no contact with Jack in

some fever and diarrhea over the
weekend.”

The girl, who was not identified, suf-
fered a seizure while traveling to the
hospital by car for treatment and could
not be resuscitated in the emergency
room, the doctors said. An autopsy is
planned.

The infection is caused by a virulent
strain of a common bacterium, E. colt
0157: H7, which produces potent toxins
that cause bloody diarrhea and ather
ailments. Children are especially vul-
nerable ta life-threatening complica-
tions.

The current outbreak has caused ill
ness in more than 250 people since it

the Box,'’ Dr. Ed Marcuse told report-| was detected early this month. One af

ers at the Children’s Hospital Medical
Center here. “She was a previously

the victims, a 2-year-old Tacoma boy
who had eaten at Jack in the Box, died

weil 21-year-old girl who developed! last week.

360

Nation Update

Boy’s death blamed

on bacteria in food

LANSING, Mich. — The death
of a 3-year-old boy who apparently
was infected with deadly bacteria
from food prepared at home
prompted health officials yesterday
to warn campers and picnickers to
cook meat thoroughly.

Two Florida children remained
hospitalized in Chicago after be-
coming infected with a deadly
strain of E. coli near Ludington, the
same Lake Michigan resort area
where the boy was poisoned.

Last week, a 6-year-old Chicago
boy and a 7-month-old boy from
Merrillville, Ind., died from E. coli
infections apparently contracted

near their homes.
Associated Press

361

AMERICAN LUNG ASSOCIATION

Zs
we fame

apperars to hound humans in low oxygen atmosphere

aneree
Drug resistent tubercul:

362

this continued drop in oxygen levels is a relative “anaerobic state” compared with the 38 % of just 100 years ago and a very marked “anaerobic state” compared with the 50 % oxygen levels 75 million years ago. Most pathogenic organisms (disease producing) are by themselves anaerobic and are “happier,” flourish and reproduce with more vigor in the absence of oxygen ( i.e.- gangrene organisms, type A Streptococcus, etc.) or are able to survive and grow in living cells weakened by low oxygen environments (i.e.- viruses, yeast, fungus, cancer, etc.).

The question is why have anaerobic diseases “suddenly appeared” in the 80’s and 90's - the last quarter of the 20th century, diseases with which we have little or no human history or experience? Regardless of the name, tuberculosis or consumption or scrufula can be found in 5,000 year old mummies from Egypt and China, 1,000 year old corpses from Peru and ancient writings from the Greeks and Romans. The “new” modern day anaerobic diseases have no history with humans, nor will you find them in biblical or ancient writtings describbing HIV, EBV, CMV, Herpes II, Hanta Virus, Candida, Toxic shock from E. coli or “flesh-eating” Type A Streptococcus.

The most plausable theory is that the anaerobic disease causing organisms laid around in dormant states (for 100’s, 1,000’s or even millions of years) as long as relatively high levels of oxygen (i.e.- 50, 38 or even 21%) were present in our atmosphere to inhibit their activity and growth - with the precipitous dip in atmospheric oxygen we are having an “oxygen counter revolution” with a return to an anaerobic bios (Table 11- 22)!!

Dr. Otto Warburg, of the Max Plank Institute, Germany, was the recipiant of two

Nobel Prizes (Linus Pauling was the only other individual to be awarded two Nobel Prizes) - one for discovering the amino acid and describing the basic composition of proteins and the other for determining that the metabolism of the cancer cell is fermentative and anaerobic while the normal non-cancerous cell is aerobic. During the 1950’s, Warburg was able to demonstrate clearly that cancer cell’s ferment sugar under anaerobic conditions and die in the presence of oxygen.

Neutrophils, a type of white blood cell that help defend us by identifying, engulfing and destroying invading micro-organisms (i.e.- virus, bacteria, yeast, fungus, etc.), parasites and cancer cells, use hydrogen peroxide as their “lethal weapon.” Neutrophils are packed with small organelles ( microscopic organs) called peroxisomes, whose sole function is to produce hydrogen peroxide and eject it onto the captured pathogen or cancer cell for the specific purpose of destroying it. Neutrophils tend to be very sloppy, dribbling their over-production of hydrogen peroxide freely into the blood stream.

The potential danger of hydrogen peroxide free in the blood stream could be a loose cannon, but fortunately we humans are blessed with an enzyme called catalase in amounts that literally covers our red blood cells and coats the inside walls of our blood vessels. The function of catalase is to rapidly facilitate the decomposition of hydrogen peroxide down to water (H2O) and singlet oxygen (O).

There are concerns by the uninitiated regarding the “free radical“ status of “singlet” oxygen (O) which has a free electron when either ozone (O,), hydrogen peroxide (H,O,), magnesium peroxide (MgO,) or chlorine dioxide (C1O,) decompose into

363

| Reais |

THE SAN DIEGO UNION-TRIBUNE
———— ee ee

Wednesday, February 16, 1994

RICKY J. SEBOLT
Jockey and trainer, 35

Ricky J. Sebolt, a jockey and
trainer who worked at the Del Mar
Racetrack and at tracks around the
country, died Feb. 7 at the
Veterans Administration Hospital
of complications from AIDS. He
was 35.

Mr. Sebolt was born in Florida.
‘Until 1989, he was licensed in Flor-
ida and California as a jockey, train-
er and exercise rider, according to
state officials.

“He was a person who would take
in practically anyone off the street
who gave him a hard-luck story,”
said Janet Manley, an in-home
health-care worker who assisted
him during his illness,

Mr. Sebolt, who lived in Hill-
crest, was active in substance-
abuse programs and volunteered
for the AIDS Foundation.

He is survived by his mother and
father, who live in Florida, and two
sisters, Sherry Martz of Miramar,
Fla., and Christina Peightal of Las
Vegas.

Remains were cremated and
ashes were scattered at the Del
Mar Racetrack, Manley said. Dona-
tions to the Shoemaker Foundation
at the Del Mar Thoroughbred Club
were suggested.

364

Kim Foltz
Reporter and Columnist, 44

Kim Foltz, a reporter and columnist
for The New York Times, died Thurs-
day at New York Hospital. He was 44.

Mr. Foltz, a resident of Manhattan,
died of AIDS. After he learned he had
the virus that causes AIDS, he wrote
about his experiences as a man infect-
ed with H.I.V. in an article for The
Times Magazine on Jan. 5, 1992.

A journalism graduate of the Univer-
sity of Utah, Mr. Foltz started his ca-
reer as an associate editor and writer
at Gentlemen's Quarterly. In 1980 he
joined Newsweek magazine, where he
worked as a business writer before
moving to Adweek five years later,
advancing to national editor in 1987.

Mr. Foltz joined the staff of The
Times in October 1989 as a reporter for
the media department. He later wrote
a daily advertising column and feature
articles on advertising.

He is survived by his companion,
James N. Baker; his parents, Mr. and
Mrs. J.G. Foltz of Midville, Utah; a
sister, Karen St. Clair, and a brother,
Craig Foltz, both of Salt Lake City.

365

THE NEW YORK TIMES OBITUARIES rHurspay, MARCH 3, 1994

Dr. Jay Brown, 50,
| A Medical Professor
And a Cardiologist

By WOLFGANG SAXON

Dr. Jay Brown, the chief of cardiolo-
gy at Harlem Hospital Center and an
associate professor of medicine at the
College of Physicians and Surgeons of
Columbia University, died on Monday
in Los Angeles. He was 50 and lived in
Manhattan until recently.

The cause was AIDS, said his com-
panion, Jeffrey Tennyson, at whose
home he died.

Dr. Brown was credited with rebuild-
ing Harlem Hospital's acute coronary-
care unit for the treatment of cardio-
vascular disease. He was also project
director for the Heart of Harlem
Healthy Heart Program and developed
new approaches to preventing cardio-
vascular disease in inner-city areas.
These included church-based health
programs, education via cable televi-
sion and promoting healthful foods in}
groceries and restaurants.

He was a member of the Cardiac
Advisory Committee of the New York
State Department of Health and of the
Emergency Cardiac Care Committee
of the American Heart Association. He
helped to set cardiac-care standards
and policies statewide.

A past president of the Association of
Black Cardiologists, he enhanced that
organization’s scientific program and
helped to define the needs of blacks and
other minority groups.

At Columbia, with which Harlem
Hospital is affiliated, he helped to train
a generation of students and medical
residents in cardiology. His research,
described in many articles and papers,
led to insights into the effects of sickle- }
cell anemia and hypertension on cardi-|
ac functions, among other things. |

A native of Atlantic City, Dr. Brown
graduated from Rutgers University
and New York University Medical
School. His association with Harlem
Hospital dated to 1968, when he began
his internship there. He became chief
of cardiology in 1977. He joined the
Columbia faculty in 1973.

Besides Mr. Tennyson, Dr. Brown is
survived by seven brothers, Lawrence,
Ronald, Cortez and Aaron, all residents
of New Jersey; Frederick of New York}
City, and Alan and Walter, residents of
North Carolina.

366

Tice Alexander

Interior Designer, 35

Tice Alexander, an interior designer
in New York who was known for the
elegance of his rooms, died on Monday
at New York Hospital. He was 35.

His companion, Glenn Albin, said the
cause was AIDS.

Mr. Alexander worked with Parish-
Hadley Associates from 1980 to 1986
and then formed his own design con-
cern, Tice Alexander Inc, at 260 West
72d Street in Manhattan. His first name
was Matthew, but he had been known
since childhood as Tice.

He was a contributing editor for Con-
noisseur magazine, for which he wrote
a monthly column called Connoisseur’s
Choice. The magazine is no longer pub-
lished.

Mr. Alexander was born in Kansas
City and attended the University of
Kansas and the Kansas City Art Insti-
tute before graduating from the Fash-
ion Institute of Technology in Manhat-
tan in 1980.

He is survived by his companion; his
mother, Lorna Burge of Kansas City;
his father and stepmother, Bill J. and
Jinny Alexander of Kansas City, and a
brother, Britton, of Chicago.

John B. Manning Jr.

Executive, 43

John B. Manning Jr., an executive
with Merrill Lynch & Company in New
York, died on Wednesday at his home
in Manhattan. He was 43.

Mr. Manning died of AIDS, said
Gregory Manning, a brother.

John Manning, who was known as
Jay, served at Merrill Lynch as first
vice president general counsel-trading.
Before joining Merrill Lynch in 1983, he
had for nine years been a lawyer for
the Securities and Exchange Commis-
sion in Washington. He graduated from
Fairfield University and the University
of Connecticut Law School.

He is survived by his parents, Marie
and John B. Manning Sr. of Belle Air
Bluffs, Fla.; three brothers, Christo-
pher, of West Haven, Conn., Gregory, of
Cypress, Calif., and Joseph, of Madison,
N.J., and two sisters, Elise Marvelle of
Norton, Mass., and Lea Manning of
Guilford, Conn.

367

THE NEW YORK TIMES

FRIDAY, AUGUST 6, 1993

Stephen R. Endean, 44, Founder
Of Largest Gay Political Group

By BRUCE LAMBERT

Stephen R. Endean, who was the
nation’s first professional lobbyist for
gay men and lesbians and the founder
of the nation’s largest gay political
organization, died at home on Wednes-
day. He was 44 and lived in Washing-
ton.

He died of AIDS, said a spokesman
for the Human Rights Campaign Fund,
the organization he created.

Drawn to politics as a youth in Min-]

nesota, Mr. Endean volunteered as an
aide for loca) and state political candi-
dates starting at the age of 18.

The gay rights movement, which
arose after homosexuals clashed with
the police at the Stonewall gay bar in
Greenwich Village in 1969, inspired
him at 22 to become open about his
homosexuality. Feeling that his decla-
ration precluded a career as a politi-
cian, he decided to use his skills to
promote gay rights through the politi-
cal process.

His initia) efforts drew critics rang-|
ing from homosexuals uncomfortable|
with a public campaign to the strident
foes of homosexuality.

Success, After Many Years

Mr. Endean’s first major project
was in the early 1970's, campaigning
for a Minnesota bill to bar discrimina-
tion against homosexuals. He lobbied

during the day on a $300 monthly sala-
ry paid by supporters of the bill, sup-
plementing that salary by working
nights as a coat checker at a gay bar.
He recalled that one enraged legislator
yelled a slur and threw a book at his
head.

The bill was finally passed this
spring. Although weakened by his ill-
ness, he returned to lobby for its enact-
ment.

That original campaign drew nation-
al attention, and in 1978 he became the
first executive director and the lobby-
ist for the Gay Rights National Lobby
in Washington. When he took charge,
the struggling group had a single desk
in another organization's office, a dis-
connected telephone and a pile of un-
paid bills. Within two years the group
had a new building with a staff of 10
and an annual budget of more than
$300,000.

In 1982 he created the Human Rights
Fund Campaign as a politica] action
committee; the gay rights lobby group
eventually merged with the campaign
fund. The fund, which claims 75,000
members, raised $5 million last year
for lobbying and organizing.

Survivors include his parents, Rob-
ert Endean and Marilyn Endean Lowe,
and a sister, Mary Ellen Barna, all of
Minneapolis.

a

368

Clues sought on illness
killing young Navajos

From Chicago Tribune wires

SANTA FE—A small army of
medical investigators swarmed over
a sprawling Navajo reservation
Monday, seeking clucs to the cause
of a mysterious epidemic that has
killed 11 young people.

Three more victims were hospi-
talized during the weekend with
adult respiratory distress syndrome
(ARDS), a flu-like illness that
strikes suddenly and can kill in a
day. The first case dates to March
8, although doctors didn’t connect
the illnesses until two people from
the same New Mexico family died
in mid-May.

The sickness is striking relatively
young, healthy people who lived on
or near the nation’s largest Navajo
reservation, which straddles north-
western New Mexico and north-
eastern Arizona.

Ron Wood of the federal Indian
Health Service said the Navajos are
scared.

“There's a lot of fear. ... There’s
a lot of hysteria, there’s a lot of
concern. They want to know what
is going on,” Wood said.

Medical investigators are
checking 18 cases, 14 in New Mex-
ico and four in Arizona. A dozen
cases have occurred among Indi-
ans, five in whites and one in a
Hispanic. Eight of the Indians, two
of the Anglos and the Hispanic
died.

“We've excluded the usual bacte-

rial, fungal and parasitic infections.
It’s not anthrax, it’s not the plague,
it’s not Legionnaires,” and it’s not
related to the virus that causes
AIDS, said Dr. Ron Voorhees,
deputy state epidemiologist.

Five other cascs may have been
caused by the disease, while four
others are “questionably related,”
Voorhees said.

A few people appear to have re-
covered from the illness, but doc-
tors said they don’t know whether:
treatment — primarily antibiotics.
— was responsible.

Dr. Frederick Koster, who
treated several of the patients at
University Hospital in Albuquer-
que, said some had few or no
symptoms before collapsing, while
others were ill for days before de-
veloping respiratory failure.

The youngest and most recent
victim was a 13-year-old girl who
collapsed at a party Friday and
died the next day. Of the previous
10 victims, the oldest was 31.

Investigators are searching for an.
infectious substance, a toxic chemi-
cal or some other cause, but have
come up with nothing. The illness
may be contagious, but not highly
contagious because most relatives
and others who were in contact
with victims haven’t developed it.

“The early symptoms are ex-
tremely non-specific. They’re your
basic cold and flu symptoms,” said
Dr. Jim Cheek of the Indian
Health Service.

369

Al2 Thursday, June 17,1993 The Honolulu Adveruser

Deer mice carrying fatal virus in
Southwest, preliminary report says

Associated Press

SANTA FE, N.M. — Govern-
ment scientists say they have
evidence that the virus sus-
pected of killing 16 people in
the Southwest is carried by a
species of deer mouse common
in much of North America.

A preliminary report by the
Centers for Disease Control
said 42 rodents of different
types were tested, and 12 deer
mice were found to have anti-
bodies indicating exposure to a
hantavirus.

Scientists have said for
weeks that they suspect the
flulike illness is caused by a
hantavirus, a member of family
of viruses carried by rodents.
They have been trapping ro-

dents in an effort to identify
which species carries the virus.

The CDC report was obtained
by the Albuquerque Journal.
The CDC did not return sever-
al calls seeking comment.

Researchers have not yet de-
termined whether the virus to
which the mice were exposed
is the same strain that infected
the victims of the disease. Ge-
netic material from a hantavi-
rus has been found in at least
two of the dead.

The deer mouse is found
from Alaska to South America.
The virus is in their urine and
becomes airborne, health offi-
cials said.

The disease is suspected of
killing at least 16 people, ac-
cording to a CDC count.

370

THE NEW YORK TIMI

A Diphtheria Epidemic
Sweeps Across Russia

Diphtheria Sweeps
Russia and Ukraine
At Quickening Pace

By CELESTINE BOHLEN
Special to The New York Times

MOSCOW, Jan. 28 — Diphtheria, an
acutely mfectious disease that has
becn practically eliminated in the West
through regular immunization, is now
spreading rapidly through Russia,
reaching what the World Health Organ-
ization calls epidemic proportions.

In the last two years, the number of
people stricken by the disease has ris-
en from 1,000 to 4,000 at the end of 1992,
according to estimates, with the num-
bers of new cases doubling from July to
December. It is also rising dangerously
in Ukraine, where more than 1,300
cases were reported in the first 10
months of last year, and cases are
being reported in other former repub-
lics of the Soviet Union.

First reported mostly in Russia’s
largest cities, Moscow and St. Peters-
burg, which have more than 650 regis-
tered cases each, the disease is now
showing up in the more distant regions,
where doctors are even less likely to
give a prompt and effective diagnosis,

Continued From Page Al

experts say

“From our point of view, it is an
epidemic,” said Dr. George Oblapenko,
acting regional adviser for communi-
cable diseases at the W.H.O. offices in
Denmark. “If you have 1,000 cases
where you previously had 100, then itis
clearly another level of transmission.
It will take time to control it now, in a
huge country like Russia, to bring lev-
cls down to zero.”

Fallings in Program

Diphtheria is a highly contagious dis-
ease, transmitted by airborne bacteria,
that may be spread in particles and
produces a toxin that causes an inflam-
mation of the heart and nervous
system. Untreated, it progresses rap-
idly and can be fatal ina short period of
time. Doctors say the initial symptoms
are commonly confused with angina, or
inflammation of the throat and chest.

Most experts attribute the increase
in diphtheria to failings in the Russian
immunization program, which allows a
high number of infants to be turned
down for the normal schedule of inocu-
lations for medica] reasons, while not
keeping many adults, particularly
those from age 20 to 50, up to date on
their immunizations.

But doctors also say the situation has
been worsened by the social and eco-
nomic upheavals that have sent thou:
sands of people migrating across the
former Soviet Union and slowed down
the response of the health authorities to
an increasing crisis.

“People are on the move, mostly
from the areas where the conflicts
are,” said the City of Moscow's chief
epidemiologist, Igor A. Andreyev.
“There is more mixing of the popula-
tions, and more carriers — drifters,
people who live in the subway tunnels
Itis part of the social problems created
by the country’s collapse, by the lack of
social and political stability.”

The number of diphtheria cases is
also increasing in Ukraine, which in
the first 10 months of 1992 reported
1,344 cases. The last official number for
Russia is 3,278 as of November 1992,
but with the number of new cases ris-
ing at more than 500 a month, it was
expected to pass 4,000 at year's end.

re

INTERNATIONAL rripay, JANUARY 29, 1993

371

water and singlet oxygen, magnesium and singlet oxygen or chlorine and singlet oxygen. When singlet or atomic oxygen come into direct contact with tissue cells outside of the circulatory system (ie.- cell culture, test tube, wound, etc.) the cells will die; however, in the whole animal or human other factors come into play to prevent the “free radical” damage.

When ingested in proper dilution on an empty stomach or administered IV under proper conditions, food grade hydrogen peroxide is readily absorbed through the stomach and duodenal walls directly into the blood stream where it is immediately broken down into water and singlet oxygen. The free electron of the singlet oxygen either combines with a free electron of a carcinogenic free electron (carcinogenic chemicals) or with the free electron of another singlet oxygen, becoming O,. Carcinogenic free electrons frequently remain free electrons under many circumstances, actually “quite happy” with their free electron status - on the other hand the free electron of the singlet oxygen does not like to be a singlet electron and if it doesn’t locate another free electron to attach to it will in nanoseconds grab onto another singlet oxygen and become an O, - the required stuff of respiration!

Ozone (O,) -> H,O, + O-
catalase —> H,O + O,

Oxygen in the form of hydrogen peroxide has been used topically, intravenously and orally since the Civil War, it has been used widely in Europe for over 50 years for alternative cancer therapies, circulatory disease, arteriosclerosis, emphysema, asthma, gangrene and more recently as a therapy for long time stroke victims (stroke victims have inactive but living cells surrounding the stroke site known as “sleeping beauty” cells that can be reactivated or jump started when they are exposed to several atmospheres of oxygen in hyperbaric chambers).

In Dr. Renate Viebahn’s book, The Use of Ozone in Medicine, cited 22 referred medical journal articles that illustrate the therapeutic effect of ozone against cancer cells. There does appear to be a bell shaped curve or “therapeutic window” for the optimal dosage of ozone (20 to 100 u/ml of blood); anything less is ineffective - anything more can be damaging to normal cells.

According to Ed McCabe, a medical investigative reporter and world reknowned expert on oxygen therapies, “The reason that ozone in very rare instances might seem to aggravate some conditions temporarily is explained by the mineral deficient diets that most people have. Their minerally deficient bodies simply do not have the functioning antioxidant enzymes systems to use the oxygen correctly.”

OS - Osmium is found in igneous
rocks at 0.0015 ppm. It oxidizes organic
matter as OsO, and is reduced to Os.

P- Phosphorus is found in igneous. rocks at 1,050 ppm; shale at 700 ppm; sandstone at 170 ppm; limestone at 400 ppm; fresh water at 0.005 ppm; sea water at 0.07 ppm; soil at 650 ppm (“fixed” by hydrous oxides of Al and Fe in acid soil). Great and vast reaches of Earth are deficient in P; marine plants at 3,500 ppm; land plants at 2,300 ppm; marine animals at 4,000 to 18,000 ppm; land animals at 17,000 to 44,000 ppm.

Phosphorus is an extremely important essential mineral, however, it gets little or no attention from nutritionists because it is widely available in all foods. Phosphorus is a major structural mineral for bones and teeth, it has more functions in the human than any other mineral including its role as a vital constituent of nucleic acids, activates enzymes, for several steps of the ATP energy cycle; RBC metabolism (a complete discussion of P would require a discussion of every metabolic function in the body). Second in abundance only to calcium in the human body, it comprises 22 percent of the bodies total mineral content. The human body contains about 800 grams of P (just short of two pounds) of which 700 grams is found in bones and teeth as insoluble calcium phosphate (apatite crystals). The balance of P in the human body is found as biologically active intra and extracellular colloidal P in combination with carbohydrates, lipids, protein and a wide variety of other biologically active organic compounds including the bloods’s major buffering system. B-complex vitamins function as coenzymes to intracellular metabolic functions only when combined with P.

Phosphorus is part of most proteins and as such becomes problematic (elevated P intake increases Ca requirements) when “high protein diets” are consumed by aggravating osteoporosis, arthritis, high blood pressure, loose teeth, etc. Phosphorus is present as phytates in cereals and grain flours, therefore, if bread is made from unleavened flours, the phytic acid will complex with Ca, Fe, Zn and other minerals further lowering their absorption rate.

The average adult human dietary intake of P is 1,000 to 1,500 mg/day. In adults and older children, the absorption of metallic P is limited to about three to five percent and as high as eight to 12 percent in infants. Mixed dietary sources of P (chelated forms) may be absorbed at the rate of 40 to 50 %. Optimal absorption of metallic and chelated P occurs when the Ca:P ratio is 1:1. Colloidal P is absorbed up to 98 %.

Deficiencies of P have long been recognised in livestock but only recently have been deemed important in humans. The widespread, universal and ultimately fatal results of P deficiency are the result of its widespread biological functions, significantly as the result of a decrease in ATP synthesis (complete metabolic energy failure) with associated neuromuscular, skeletal, blood and kidney disease.

Clinical P depletion and resultant low blood P (hypophosphatemia) result from IV administration of glucose or TPN (Total Parenteral Nutrition) without P supplementation, excessive use of antacids, hyperparathyroidism (low calcium/ high phosphate diets are the cause of this one), improper treatment of diabetic acidosis, use of diuretics, sweating during exercise and alcoholism with and without liver disease.

Vegetarians and vegans who do not supplement with minerals rarely have P deficiency, however, because of their high phytic acid intake they always have other mineral deficiencies including Ca, Cu, Cr, V. Li and Zn.

Pa - Protoactinium is found in igne-
ous rocks at 1.4 x 10 ppm and sea water
at 2.4 x 10 3! ppm. All isotopes are radio-
active with a half life of 32,000 years.
Protoactinium accumulates in mammalian
bone after ingestion.

Pb - Lead is found in igneous rocks at

373

Lead tests for all
kids under 3 urged

By Marilyn Elias
USA TODAY

All US. children should be
screened for lead poisoning be-
fore they’re 3 years old, the
American Academy of Pediat-
rics advised Tuesday in a new
policy.

The group’s earlier code had
left the decision on lead tests
up to individual doctors. But
mounting evidence suggests
that routine checks are the
only way to avoid serious intel-
lectual and physical damage to
youngsters, says Dr. J. Routt
Reigart of the academy.

A $20 finger-stick blood test
“can help us prevent perma-
nent loss of IQ and behavior ab-
normalities,” he says. At toxic
levels, lead damages multiple
organs, hinders physical and
mental growth and produces
symptoms of hyperactivity.

The academy recommends
screening first at 9 months,
when blood levels start rising
in exposed youngsters, then
| again at 18 to 24 months, when
lead usually reaches its peak.

“We know that the younger
you're exposed, the more
you're likely to suffer harmful
effects,” Reigart adds.

Lead paint in older, inner-
city housing is the main source
of childhood lead poisoning.
About 2 million poor children
in large cities are most at risk;
one federal estimate is that
55% of low-income black kids
may have above-normal levels.

Newer studies, though, point
to hazards for middle-class
youngsters, too. “With gentrifi-
cation going on in our urban
centers, more and more mid-
dle-class children are turning
up with high lead levels,” says
David Bellinger of Harvard
Medical School, Boston.

The basic safety standard,
set by the Centers for Disease
Control and Prevention, is un-
der 10 micrograms of lead per
deciliter of blood.

To bring down lead levels,
homes must be cleaned of lead
paint and dust, which can be in-
gested or inhaled. Kids with
very high levels may be treat-
ed with lead-removing drugs.

Sr

374

12.5 ppm; shale at 20 ppm; sandstone at 7
ppm; limestone at 9 ppm; soil at 10 ppm
(higher in limestone soils and humus); fresh
water at 0.005 ppm; sea water at 0.00008
ppm; marine plants at 8.4 ppm; land plants
at 2.7 ppm (many plant species are adapted
to Pb-rich soils and accumulate Pb includ-
ing Amorpha canescens); marine animals at
0.5 ppm (highest in fish bones); land ani-
mals at 2.0 ppm (highest levels found in
bone, liver and kidney).

Children with cravings (pica) for non-food items (i.e.- paint, sand, dirt, etc.) are very susceptible to lead poisoning (plumbism). Infants and children with pica will chew on their toys, cribs, window sills, furniture and paint - a chip of lead paint the size of a penny can contain as much as 50 to 100 ug of lead (consuming this amount daily over three months will result in lead poisoning).

The “normal” blood lead level is below 40 ug/dl - children with blood lead above 60 to 80 ug/dl have symptoms of vomiting, irritability, weight loss, muscular weakness, headache, abdominal pain, insomnia and anorexia. Children with blood levels of lead above 80 ug/dl show anemia, kidney damage (Fanconi syndrome - increased urinary loss of amino acids, glucose and phosphorus), peripheral neuritis, ataxia and muscular incoordination, joint pain and encephalopathy (brain damage, learning disabilities, etc.) with eventual death.

The approach to treating lead poisoning includes supplementing with 60 colloidal minerals (especially Ca and Fe to eliminate pica and further ingestion of Pb), restoring fluid and electrolyte balance (especially P) and the use of IV or IM chelation using CaEDTA (ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid) and BAL (British Anti-Lewisite) for a minimum of five days. It is not unusual for as many as 25 % of Pb poisoned individuals to have residual loss of IQ, loss of coordination, hyperactivity, learning disabilities and impulsiveness.

Pd - Palladium is found in igneous
rock at 0.01 ppm and land animals at 0.002
ppm. Palladium accumulates in mamma-
lian liver and kidney after ingestion.

Pm- Promethium isotopes are all ra-
dioactive with a halflife of 2.6 years. Prome-
thium is an important fission product that
has entered the biosphere (prior to man-
made nuclear explosions Pm did not exist
in nature) - Pm accumulates in mamma-
lian bone and liver after ingestion.

PO - Polonium is found in igneous
rocks at 2 x 10 1° ppm.

Pr - Praseodymium is a “light” Rare
Earth found in igneous rocks at 8.2 ppm;
shale at 6 ppm; sandstone at 2.8 ppm; lime-
stone at 1.4 ppm; marine plants at 5 ppm;
land plants accumulates up to 46 ppm
(Carya spp.); marine animals at 0.5 ppm;
land animals at 1.5 ppm (accumulates in
mammalian bone and liver).

Enhances proliferation of normal cell growth and doubling of the life spans in laboratory species.

Pt- Platinum is found in igneous rocks
at 0.005 ppm and land animals at 0.002
ppm.

Pu-all plutonium isotopes are radio-
active with a half life of 24,000 years. Plu-
tonium was released into the Earth’s atmo-
sphere by nuclear explosions. Marine

375

plants concentrate Pu up to 4,000 times
above the background level of sea water.
Land plants record 0.4 to 2.2 disintegra-
tions/sec/kg; land animals record 0.07 to 6.8
disintegrations/sec/kg (Pu accumulates in
bone after contact or ingestion).

Ra- Radium is found in igneous rocks
at 9x 107 ppm; shale at 11 x 107 ppm; sand-
stone at 7 x 107 ppm; limestone at 4 x 107
ppm; fresh water at 3.9 x 10'° ppm; sea
water at 6 x 107! ppm; soils at 8 x 107 ppm;
marine plants at 9 x 10% ppm; Land plants
at 10° ppm; marine animals at 0.7 -15 x
10° ppm; land animals at 7 x 10° ppm
(highest concentrations in mammalian
bone); all isotopes of Ra are radioactive.

Rb - Rubidium is found in igneous
rocks at 90 ppm; shale at 140 ppm; sand-
stone at 60 ppm; limestone at 3 ppm; fresh-
water at 0.0015 ppm; sea water at 0.12
ppm; soil at 100 ppm (fixed by clay soils);
marine plants at 7.4 ppm; land plants at 20
ppm; marine animals at 20 ppm; land ani-
mals at 17 ppm (highest levels in liver and
muscle - lowest levels in bone).

Rubidium can replace the electrolyte function of K in many species including bacteria, algae, fungi and certain invertebrates (echinoderms -starfish).

Re - Rhenium is found in igneous
rocks at 0.005 ppm; marine plants at 0.014
ppm; marine animals at 0.0005 to 0.006
ppm; land animals accumulate Re in the
thyroid tissue.

Rh - Rhodium is found in igneous
rocks at 0.001 ppm.

Rn - Radon is found in igneous rocks at 4 x 10° ppm; fresh water at 1.7 x 1075 ppm; sea water at 6 x 107° ppm; all isotopes of Rn are radioactive with a half life of 54 seconds to 3.8 days; Rn is carcinogenic and highly toxic when inhaled. Radon is a common household hazard, it is odorless and colorless; detection requires the use of a kit which are generally available.

Ru - Ruthenium is found in igneous
rocks at 0.001 ppm; land plants at 0.005
ppm; land animals at 0.002 ppm (RuO, is
highly toxic to animals).

S - sulfur is found in igneous rocks at
260 ppm; shale at 2,400 ppm; sandstone
at 240 ppm, limestone 1,200 ppm; fresh
water at 3.7 ppm; sea water at 885 ppm;
soils at 700 ppm (up to 90 % of soil S is
bound tightly in humus; SO, is a major ex-
change anion in many soils; occurs in soils
near volcanoes liberating SO, and SO,) ;
marine plants at 12,000 ppm (accumulates
in red algae, Desmarestia spp.); Land plants
at 3,400 ppm (lower in most bryophytes
and gymnosperms); marine animals at
5,000 to 19,000 ppm (highest in coelenter-
ates and molluscs); land animals at 5,000
ppm (highest in cartilage, tendons, keratin,
skin, nails and hair - lowest in bones).

Sulfur is an important structural atom
in most proteins as sulfur amino acids (
cystine, cysteine and methionone)and
small organic molecules. Glutathione, a
tripeptide containing cysteine, is essential
to cellular reactions involving sulfur amino
acids in protein. Sulfur is found in a reduced
form (-SH) in cysteine and in an oxidized

376

Muscle, Sickle Cell Problems
Cited In Death During Fire Test

By Bill Bryan
Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

Excessive exertion and undetected
medical problems caused the death of
a man who collapsed while taking a
physical test for firefighter applicants,
the St. Louis medical examiner said
Wednesday

Ricky Brison, 28, collapsed Nov. 24
while taking the St. Louis Fire Acade-
my’s fitness exam, known as the Phoe-
nix Performance Test. He died the
next day at Cochran Veterans Admin-
istration Hospital.

“His death was related to the break-
down of muscle, known as Rhabdo-
myolysis, and Sickle Cell Trait,” said
Dr. Michael Graham, the city's medi-
cal examiner.

“Excessive exertion by someone
not adequately prepared can cause
death.

“The muscle breakdown is very,
very unusual but is well-recognized [in
medical circles}, and the Sickle Cell
Trait is also well known.

“Both have been documented for
causing deaths during military basic
training.”

Brison’s wife, Lynetta Brison, said
she had not been informed of Gra-
ham’s ruling and had no comment
Brison's mother, Orlie Middleton,
said.

“1 can't understand this. It seems

they're covering up. My son was in the
service. He was a security guard. He
was a healthy person.”

Graham said the reason his ruling
on Brison’s death took so long was that
numerous microscopic tests had to be
conducted.

The St. Louis Fire Academy's test
simulates necessary firefighting ma-
neuvers that include raising and low-
ering a ladder, running while fully
extending a 200-foot hose. hitting a
spring-loaded metal pad 50 times with
a sledgehammer and dragging a 140-
pound dummy.

377

weeeeeeem

CREED

form (-S-S-) as the double molecule, cystine. This “sulfhydryl group” is important for the specific configuration of some structural proteins and for the biological activities of some enzymes (proteins that do work).

Sulfur containing proteins work in indirect ways to maintain life:

¢ Hemoglobin

¢ Hormones (Insulin, adrenal
cortical hormones)

° Enzymes

¢ Antibodies

Sulfur also occurs in carbohydrates
such as heparin, an anticoagulant that is
concentrated in the liver and other tissues,
and chondroitin sulfate (cartilage, Knox
gelatin). The vitamins thiamine (B,) and
biotin have S bound in their molecule. The
toxic propertie’s of arsenic are the result of
it’s ability to combine with sulfhydryl
groups.

Deficiency of sulfur results in degenerative types of arthritis involving degeneration of cartilage, ligaments, tendons, Systemic Lupus Erythematosus, Sickle-cell anemia and various “collagen diseases.”

Sb- Antimony is found in igneous rock
at 0.2 ppm; shales at 1.5 ppm; sandstones
at 0.05 pp; limestone at 0.2 ppm; sea water
at 0.00033 ppm; soil at 2 to 10 ppm; land
plants at 0.06 ppm; land animals at 0.006
ppm (concentrates in mammalian heart
muscle).

Antimony potassium tartrate (tartar
emetic) is still used today as the preferred
treatment for blood flukes (schistosomiasis
or Bilharziasis).

Sc - Scandium is found in igneous rock
at 22 ppm; shales 13 ppm; sandstone and

limestone at 1 ppm; sea water at 0.000004
ppm; soils at 7 ppm; lant plants at 0.008
ppm; land animals at 0.00006 ppm (con-
centrates in mammalian heart and bone).

Se - selenium is found in igneous rocks
at 0.05 ppm; shale at 0.6 ppm; sandstone
at 0.05 ppm; limestone at 0.08 ppm; fresh
water at 0.02 ppm; sea water at 0.00009
ppm; soils at 0.2 ppm (not universally dis-
tributed, vast areas of Earth are deficient
or even totally devoid of Se {Fig. 11-14}; Se
is found in the humus of alkaline soils when
present); marine plants at 0.8 ppm; land
plants at 0.2 ppm; land animals at 1.7 ppm
(highest concentrations found in liver, kid-
ney, heart, and skeletal muscle).

Selenium is the most efficient antioxidant (anti-peroxidant) and is found at the subcellular level in the glutathione peroxidase enzyme system and metallo amino acids (selenomethionine, etc.). Selenium prevents cellular and subcellular lipids and fats from being peroxidized which literally means it prevents body fats from going rancid (seen externally as “age spots” or “liver spots” - this brown gold peroxidized lipid is known as ceroid lipofuscin).

Selenium also functions to protect cellular and organelle bi-lipid layer membranes from oxidative damage - the cover illustration is an electron photomicrograph of a selenium deficient rhesus monkey liver mitochondria magnified 126,000 times. The inner membrane of the mitochondria (made up of enzymes and RNA) has precipitated out of the normal structure to become a nonfunctioning organic crystalloid. This type of damage seen through the standard light microscope is called “age pigment”.
High intakes of vegetable oils including
salad dressing, margarine and cooking oils

378

Table 11-23. Selenium Deficiency Diseases.
HIV (AIDS)
Anemia (RBC fragility)
“Age Spots” & “Liver Spots”
Fatigue
Muscular weakness
Myalgia (muscle pain and soreness)
Scoliosis
Muscular Dystrophy (MD, White Muscle Disease, Stiff Lamb Disease)
Cystic Fibrosis (congenital)
Cardiomyopathy (Keshan Disease, “Mulberry heart” Disease)
Multiple Sclerosis (MS) - associated with Hg poisoning
Heart palpitations
Irregular heart beat
Liver cirrhosis
Pancreatitis
Pancreatic atrophy
Lou Gehrig's Disease (ALS) - associated with Hg poisoning
Parkinson's Disease - associated with Hg poisoning
Alzheimer’s Disease - associated with high vegetable oil consumption
Adrenoleucodystrophy (ALD -"Lorenzo’s Oil’ Syndrome)
Infertility
Low birth weight
High infant mortality
Sudden Infant Death Syndrome (SIDS)
Cancer - associated with carcinogen contact as well as high vegetable oil intake
Clinical AIDS (HIV infection)
Sickle cell anemia

concurrent with a selenium deficiency is the The clinical diseases associated with
quickest route to a heart attack and can- _ selenium deficiency are diverse and to the
cer. The polyunsaturated configuration of uninformed (allopathic physicians)
the oils when heated or treated with hydro- shrouded in mystery (table 11-23). Sele-
gen (“trans fatty acids”) literally causes the nium deficiency is one of the more costly
rancidity (“free radical” damage) of cellu- mineral deficiency complexes affecting em-
lar fat. bryos, the newborn, toddlers, teens and

379

Ml Low—most forage and
grain contains low levels

J Variable—about half the forage and grain contains moderate levels of selenium

Adequate —most forage and grain contains ample selenium

“Local areas where selenium accumulator plants contain unusually high
amounts of selenium

Parts of the Northwest, southern coastal plains and most of the Northeast
are low-selenium areas, as reflected in plant concentrations.

SOURCE: Adapted from Micronutrients in Agriculture, 1972, p. 542, by permission of
the Soil Science Society of America, Inc., 677 S. Segoe Rd., Madison, WI 53711.

Fig. 11-14 1972 map of the continental United States showing areas of Se depletion.

380

Cystic fibrosis patient untreated with colloidal Se

j

Fig. 11-CF Cystic fibrosis patient (left) after four years of colloidal Se

381

adults alike.

Selenium deficiency can result in infer-
tility in both men and women. Congenital
selenium deficiency during pregnancy can
result in a wide variety of problems rang-
ing from miscarriage, low birth weight, high
infant mortality, cystic fibrosis (Fig. 11-CF),
muscular dystrophy and liver cirrhosis.

Selenium deficiency in growing children
can result in crib death or SIDS (Sudden
Infant Death Syndrome) slow growth, small
size (failure to reach genetic potential for
size and mass), muscular dystrophy,
scoliosis (Fig. 11-15), cardiomyopathy
(muscular dystrophy of the heart muscle or
Keshan Disease), anemia, liver cirrhosis
(Fig. 11-16), muscular weakness, lowered
immune capacity and neuromuscular dis-
eases such as ALD (Adrenoleucodystrophy
or “Lorenzo's Oil” type syndromes ).

In young adults, selenium deficiency
appears as anemia, chronic fatigue, mus-
cular weakness, myalgia, muscle tender-
ness, pancreatitis, infertility, muscular dys-
trophy (Fig. 11-17, 18 & 19), scoliosis,
cardiomyopathy (this is especially common
in young athletes such as basketball play-
ers and football players at the high school,
college, university and professional levels),
part of the anorexia nervosa complex, mul-
tiple sclerosis (adequate Se protects against
Hg poisoning), Lou Gehrig's Disease (ALS)
and liver cirrhosis.

Selenium deficiency in adults appears as reduced immune capacity, anemia, infertility, “age spots” or “liver spots (Fig. 11-20 & 11-21),” myalgia, muscle weakness multiple sclerosis, ALS, Parkinson's Disease, Alzheimer’s Disease, palpitations or irregular heart beat, cardiomyopathy, hypertrophy or thickening of the cardiac muscle, liver cirrhosis, cataracts and cancer.

In a review of the anti-cancer effects of

selenium Dr. Gerhard N. Schrauzer, head
of the Department of Chemistry, UCSD
states:

Selenium is increasingly recognized as a versatile anticarcinogenic agent. Its protective functions cannot be solely attributed to the action of glutathione peroxidase. Instead, selenium appears to operate by several mechanisms, depending on dosage and chemical form of selenium and the nature of the carcinogenic stress. In a major protective function,
selenium is proposed to prevent the
malignant transformatioin of cells by
acting as a “redox switch” in the ac-
tivation-inactivation of cellular
growth factors and other functional
proteins throught the catalysis of
oxidation-reduction reactions of
critical -SH groups or -S-S- bonds.
The growth-modulatory effects of se-
lenium are dependent on the levels
of intracellular glutathione peroxi-
dase and the oxygen supply. In gen-
eral, growth inhibition is achieved by
the Se-mediated stimulation of cel-
lular respiration (more oxygen less
cancer). Selenium appears to inhibit
the replication of tumor viruses and
the activation of oncogenes by simi-
lar mechanisms. However, it may
also alter carcinogen metabolism
and protect DNA against carcino-
gen-induced damage. In additional
functions of relevance to its
anticarcinogenic activity, selenium
acts as an acceptor of biogenic me-
thyl groups, and is involved in
detoxification of metals and certain
xenobiotics. Selenium also has
immunopotentiating properties. It is

382

Fig. 11-15 Scoliosis in a Se deficient child

383

i

| eeeezee |

. ns,

Fig. 11-16 Liver Cirrhosis in a Se deficient child

384

Fig. 11-17

A) Muscular dystrophy (note enlarged calves).

B) Muscular dystrophy

385

SATURDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1993

ST.LOUIS POST-DISPATCH

Robert Hapka-Tracy; Paraquad Specialist

Robert S. Hapka-Tracy, a special-
ist in independent living for Para-
quad, died Friday (Oct. 22, 1993) at
St. Mary’s Health Center in Rich-
mond Heights after suffering from
muscular dystrophy. He was 35 and
lived in St. Louis.

Mr. Hapka-Tracy was born in She-
boygan, Wis. He was diagnosed with
muscular dystrophy when he was a
child and had used a wheelchair since
he was 16. He earned a bachelor’s.
degree in safety education from the
University of Wisconsin at White-
water and a master’s degree in social
work from the University of Wiscon-

sin at Madison.

He began working at Paraquad in
1986.

A funeral service will be at 5:30
p.m. Sunday at Mayer Funeral Home,
4356 Lindell Boulevard. Visitation
will be from noon to 5 p.m. Sunday at
the funeral home. His body will be
cremated.

Among the survivors are his wife,
Joan Hapka-Tracy; his parents, Ra-
burn and Theresa Tracy of Plym-
outh, Wis.; a sister, Tammy Reich of
Sheboygan; and two brothers, Randy
Tracy of Plymouth and Tony Tracy
of Cascade, Wis.

386

Fig. 11-18

A) Muscular Dystrophy in an adult

B) Ceroid lipofucion (pigment of aging) accumulated in body fat (right) as a result
of Se deficiency, normal fat on left.

387

Fig. 11-19 “Age spots” or “liver spots” are indications of a
high vegetable oil, low selenium diet.

388

Sects

required for optimal macrophage
and natural killer cell functions.

The school of pharmacy from the Uni-
versity of Georgia released a report in Au-
gust of 1994 that concludes a human sele-
nium deficiency is related to the onset of
full blown AIDS in chronically infected HIV
patients. According to their report, HIV re-
quires large amounts of selenium for repli-
cation and in selenium deficient patients,
the virus competes with the patient for lim-
ited amounts of the essential mineral. The
HIV patient actually dies of selenium defi-
ciency encephalopathy, liver cirrhosis or
cardiomyopathy. Long term HIV patients
(20 years or more) that never developed full
blown AIDS had supplemented with rela-
tively large amounts of selenium.

1. Bostedt, H. and Schramel, P.: The im-
portance of Selenium in the Prenatal And
Postnatal Development of Calves and
Lambs. Biol.Trace Ele. Research. The
Humana Press,Inc. 24:163.1990.

2. Brizzee, K.R. and Ordy,].M.: Age Pig-
ments, Cell Loss and Hippocampal Func-
tion. Mechanisms of Ageing and Develop-
ment. 9:143.1979.

3. Chan, F.., et al.: Selenium Deficiency
and Keshan Disease, Chinese J.Med. June
1979.

4. Hintz, H.F, et al.: Effect of Selenium,
Sulfur and Sulfur Amino Acids on Nutri-
tional Muscular Dystrophy in the Lamb.
April 1964. J.Nutr.pp495-498.

5. Hoekstra, W.O.: Biochemical Func-
tions of Selenium and its Relationship to
Vitamin E. Federation Proceed-
ings.34:2083.1975.

6. Kulczycki, L.L. and Schauf, V.: Cystic
Fibrosis in Blacks in Washington, D,C, Am.
J. Dis. Child. 127:64.1974.

7. Maron, B.J., et al.: Sudden Death in
Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy: A Profile of
78 Patients. Circulation.65:1388.1982.

8. Maron, B.J., et al.: Sudden Death in
Young Athletes. Circulation. 62:218.1979.

9. Muth,O.H., et al.: White Muscle Dis-
ease (Myopathy) in Lambs and Calves VII.
Etiology and Prophylaxis. Am.J.Vet.
Res.22:466.1961.

10. Olmsted, L., Schrauzer, G.N., et al.:
Selenium Supplementation of Symptomatic
Human Immunodeficiency Virus Infected
Patients. Biol. Trace Ele. Research. Humana
Press,Inc. 20:59.1989.

11. Oppenheimer, E.H. and Esterly, J.R.:
Pathology of Cystic Fibrosis. Review of the
Literature and Comparison with 146
Autopsied Cases. In: Perspectives in Pedi-
atric Pathology. Vol.2. Yearbook Medical
Pub., Inc. Chicago.1975.pp241-278.

12. Proctor, J.F., et al.: Selenium, Vita-
min E and Linseed Oil Meal as
Preventatives of Muscular Dystrophy in
Lambs. J.Animal Sci. 17:1183.1958.

13. Revis, N.W., et al.: Metabolism of
Selenium in Skeletal Muscle and Liver of
Mice with “Genetic” Muscular Dystrophy.
Proc. Soc. Exper. Biol. Med. 160:139.1979.

14. Schrauzer, G.N. : Selenium in Nu-
tritional Cancer Prophylaxis: An Update.
Vitamins, Nutrition and Cancer, Karger.
Basel. pp240-250.1984.

15. Schrauzer, G.N.: Selenium: Mecha-
nistic Aspects of Anticarcinogenic Action.
Biol. Trace. Ele. Research. The Humana
Press, Inc. 33:51.1992.

16. Schrauzer, G.N., et al.: Effect of
Simulated American, Bulgarian, and Japa-
nese Human Diets and of Selenium Supple-
mentation on the Incidence of Virally In-
duced Mammary Tumors in Female Mice.
Biol.Trace Ele. Research. The Humana
Press, Inc. 20:169.1989.

389

THE DENVER POST

Voice of the Rocky Mountain Empire Final Edition

Pos

i mm

lednesday. September

Anti-cancer diet found?

Tests in China link beta carotene, vitamin EF, selenium
Health

By Jeff Nesmith

« Nons Service

WASHINGTON — Daily doses
f beta carotene, vitamin E and
selenium dramatically reduced the
tisk of dying from cancer among
thousands of residents in a rural
rea of China

The experiment, sponsored by
National Cancer Institute, is
he first hard evidence that some
antioxidant substances can pro-
side a “protective” effect against
ancer, scientists said yesterday

Other dietary supplements —
tamin C, retinol, zine, riboflavin,
molybdenum and niacin — had no
statistically significant effect on
ancer deaths after five years, the
scientists said

However, in a group of middle-
aged adults who took the combina-
tion of beta carotene, vitamin E
nd selenium for five years, the re
s were striking 13 percent
‘wer deaths from all cancers, 21
ercent reduction in deaths from
vumach cancer and a $ percent
‘crease in deaths from all causes
In presenting their results at a
ress conference, the government
scientists cautioned that partici-

pants in the ex-
periment have
some of the
worst cancer
rates — and
worst diets
in the world

That could
mean that the
results may not
apply to people
whose basic di
ets provide
more of the critical nutrients

“This 1s a hopeful sign that vita-
mins and minerals may help pre-
vent the onset of cancer in healthy
individuals,” said Dr William J
Blot of the institute's biostatistics
branch, “but the results don't auto
matically translate to Western
populations

The experiment was conducted
among residents of Linxian, a ru-
ral county in Henan Province of
north-central China The rates of
esophageal cancer and cancer of
the gastric cardia, the point where
the esophagus attaches to the
stomach, among the people of
Linxtan are among the highest in
the world, said Dr. Blot

Epidemiologists have investi-
gated pickled vegetables, myco-
toxins in food and a tendency to
gulp down scalding hot tea as pos
sible causes The diet of residents
of the area is low in fruits and
meats and other animal products
and persistently deficient in a
number of vitamins and minerals

After selecting about 29,000 peo.
ple between 40 and 69 years old,
the scientists arranged daily pill-
taking schemes in which various
participants received different
combinations of supplements: reti-
nol and zine, riboflavin and niacin,
vitamin C and molybdenum, beta
carotene, selenium and vitamin E.
and a placebo pill that contained
none of the nutrients.

Participants received from one
to two times the US recommend
ed daily allowances Daily doses of
beta carotene, for which no RDA
has been established, was 15,000
micrograms — or about the
amount found in a carrot

Beta carotene 1s common in car
rots, leafy vegetables and some
fruits Vitamin E is plentiful in
margarine, vegetable oil, meats.
nuts and leafy greens

390

=

PES |

TUESDAY, JUNE 8, 1993

ST.LOUIS POST-OISPATCH

Dr. Sol F. Cantor; Osteopathic Physician

Dr. Sol F. Cantor, an osteopathic
physician in south St. Louis County,
died Friday (June 4, 1993) of cancer
at Jewish Hospital. He was 56 and
lived in Chesterfield.

Dr. Cantor had lived in the St. Louis
area since about 1973, and until about
six years ago practiced emergency
medicine at hospitals in Missouri and
Illinois.

About 1987, he opened the Sunset
Hills Family Medica) Practice.
Through this office, Dr. Cantor spon-
sored many community education
courses, ranging from health preven-
tion to earthquake preparedness.

He was most recently on the staffs
of Missouri Baptist, Incarnate Word
and Deaconess hospitals.

Dr. Cantor was a native of Rich-
mond, Va., and earned his undergrad-
uate degree about 1956 from the Uni-
versity of Richmond. He received his
osteopathic medicine degree from the

Kirksville (Mo.) College of Osteopath-
ic Medicine in the early 1960s and
operated a private practice for 10
years in Columbus, Ohio.

In the St. Louis area, Dr. Cantor was
on the board of the Southwest County
unit of the American Cancer Society
and was active in the St. Louis and the
Missouri medical societies, and the
American Academy of Physicians.

A funeral service will be held at 11
a.m. Thursday at Berger Memorial,
4715 McPherson Avenue, St. Louis.
Burial will be at Chesed Shel Emeth
Cemetery in Chesterfield.

Among the survivors are his
Phyllis Cantor of Chesterfiel
daughter, Lauren Fasbinder of Len-
exa, Kan.; four sons, Chuck Cantor of
Leawood, Kan., Dr. Michael Cantor of
Boston, Bruce Cantor of Urbana, Ill.,
and Daniel Cantor of Phoenix; and
four grandchildren.

391

Ed

Joy Garrett, starrea
in ‘Days of Our Lives’

ASSOCIATED PRESS.

LOS ANGELES — Actress Joy
Garrett, best known as the mother
figure Jo Johnson on television’s
“Days of Our Lives,” has died of
liver failure. She was 47.

Garrett died Thursday at the
University of California, Los An-
geles, Medical Center, said hospital
spokesman Rich Elbaum.

Her acting career spanned film,
stage and television, but it was in
daytime soap operas that Garrett
found her greatest success.

During the seven years she por-
trayed Jo Johnson, Garrett was
named best supporting actress by
Soap Opera People Magazine and
Soap Opera Digest.

Earlier, she appeared for one
year on another daytime soap, “The
Young and the Restless.”

A native of Fort Worth, Texas,
she was educated at Texas Wesley-
an University and the American
Academy of Dramatic Arts in New
York.

392

THE NEW YORK TIMES OBITUARIES rHurspay, MAY 6, 1993

Terry Langer, Doctor
And Heart Expert, 52

Dr. Terry Langer, director of clinical
cardiology at Presbyterian Medical
Center in Philadelphia since 1985, died
Tuesday at the Hospital of the Univer-
sity of Pennsylvania. A resident of
Cherry Hill, N.J., he was 52.

The cause of death was liver failure,
his family said

A native of the Bronx, Dr. Langer
was a.summa cum laude graduate of
New York University and graduated
magna cum laude from Harvard Medi-
cal School. In the late 1960’s, he did
research at the Heart Institute of the
National Institutes of Health and be-
came recognized as an expert on lipid
metabolism and lipid diseases.

After a stint at Columbia-Presbyteri-
an Medical Center in New York, he
moved to the Hospital of the University
of Pennsylvania. There he was director
of clinical cardiology from 1972 to 1985
as well as an associate professor of
medicine at the university.

Dr. Langer is survived by his wife of
30 years, the former Joan Gordon;
three sons, Dr. David Langer of Phila-
delphia, Robert of Manhattan, and Jon-
athan of Chicago; his mother, Francine
Langer of Atlantic Beach, L.1., and his
sister, Marlene Edelstein, also of At-
lantic Beach.

393

Ed

Myers infant

Nicholas S. Myers, infant son
of Michael and Lucy Myers of
17214 Roosevelt Ave., Falls
Church, Va., died Monday in Wolf
Trap, Va.

Surviving in addition to his
parents are a sister, Jessica M., at
home; his paternal grandparents,
Margaret Myers and Charles
Myers; and his maternal grand-
mother, Theresa Kistler, all of
Harrisburg.

Funeral Liturgy for a Child
will be celebrated at 11 a.m. Fri-
day in Holy Family Catholic
Church, Harrisburg. Burial will be
in Resurrection Cemetery, West
Hanover Twp.

Viewing will be from 9:30 to
10:30 a.m. Friday at Hetrick Fu-
neral Home, Susquehanna Twp.

Memorial contributions may
be made to the National SIDS
Foundation, P.O. Box 344, Oak-
ton, Va. 22124.

394

ST.LOUIS POST-DISPAILH

SPORTS

¢.1993 N.

. Times News Service
YORK — Reggie Lewis, the Boston
Celtics star who collapsed with a heart ail-
ment during a playoff game last April, died
Tuesday night after collapsing while shoot-
ing baskets at the team’s training center at
Brande! University in Waltham, Mass.

Lewis, 27, was pronounced dead at Wal-
tham-Weston Hospital after being taken
there at 5:41 p.m.

Soon after The arrived, hospital officials
said Lewis was unconscious and being treat-
ed for a “cardiac event,” but shortly there-

+ WEDNESDAY, JULY 28, 1993

Celtics Star, 27, Collapses, Dies

Conflicting Medical Opinions Confused Lewis

after, citing instructions from Lewis’ wife,
Donna Harris, the officials refused to give
any further information on his condition
even as announcements were made on Bos-
ton radio and television stations that Lewis
had died.

It was not until after 10 p.m. that doctors
confirmed the death.

Lewis, who had been hospitalized for 11
days after he collapsed during a playoff
game against the Charlotte Hornets on
April 29, had received conflicting medical
advice since then about the nature and se-

verity of the ailment that led to the collapse.
A team of 11 cardiologists initially told
him that he suffered from a severe form of
heart disease that would pose a danger to

his life if he resumed his basketball career.
Later, after Lewis abruptly switched hos-
pitals, moving from New England Baptist to
Brigham and Women’s Hospital in Boston
for a week of further tests, Dr. Gilbert
Mudge announced that the player suffered
from a comparatively benign neural condi-
tion, neurocardiogenic syncope, in which
See LEWIS, Page 6

395

Thursday, September 16, 1993

THE DENVER POST

Grad collapses,
dies at CU center

Boulderite was shooting baskets at gym

By Mary George
Denver Post Staff Writer

A 22-year-old graduate of the
University of Colorado collapsed
and died on the basketball court at
the Boulder campus recreation
center Monday night.

Darren Mallot of Boulder, who
graduated from CU-Boulder in
May with a degree in international
relations, was shooting baskets
and waiting to get into a pick-up
basketball game about 10:30 p.m.
Monday.

Following a lay-up, the 6-foot 5-
inch, 170-pound athlete fell to the
gym floor. Mallot was pronounced
dead at Boulder Community Hos-
pital at 11:01 p.m.

“He was in excellent health, he
was an excellent athlete,” said
Mallot’s father, Jerry Mallot, in
Boulder from Tampa, Fla., for fu-
neral arrangements. “The coroner
said he found nothing associated

[ BOULDER | with the heart
or brain or
blood that would explain his death.
Just nothing.”

The cause of death won't be
known until the results of further
laboratory tests are available, said
Tom Faure, chief medical investi-
gator at the Boulder County coro-
ner’s office. Results should be
available next week.

Gary Chadwick, the recreation
center director, said Mallot was
shooting baskets and waiting to get
a game going when he collapsed.
“There wasn’t any contact be-
tween him and anyone else. It was
completely unexpected. A real
tragedy,” Chadwick said.

Mallot grew up in Wichita and
started his studies four years ago
at CU.

He had just started work at a
sports clothing store in Boulder,
his father said.

396

Boston star Lewis collapses, dies at 27

By Jack Carey
USA TODAY

Boston Celtics captain Reggie Lewis, 27,
who passed out during an NBA playoff
game in April, died Tuesday night after
collapsing while shooting baskets.

“u'sa time of incredible grief,” said Celt-
ics executive Dave Gavitt late Tuesday.

After Lewis’ April cotla
Amold Scheller said he had a life-thr

1990, and probably would nol play again.
“You can die from this,” Schelter said he
told Lewis, a 1987 firstround draft pick.
But Lewis, against feam wishes, sought a
second opinion and was fold he had a
nerve condition thal could be controlled.
Lewis arrived at Brandeis University at
about 4 p.m. ET Tuesday and was shooting
baskets, sald Brandeis’ Jack Molloy.
Witnesses sald Lewis fell to the court
about 5 p.m, was

ous,” said Amir Weiss, who was at the gym.

Local paramedics sald they found Lewis
in complete cardiac arrest; he was pro-
nounced dead al 7:30 p.m. ET at Waltham-
‘Weston Hospital.

Celtics’ president Red Auerbach, who is
Fecovering from heart bypass surgery,
called Lewis “a warm, kind, gentle and
generous man.”

He is survived by his wife, Donna Harris,
and a son, Reggie Jr.

ing heart ailment like the
aI

REGGIE LEWIS

THE NEW YORK TIMES SPORTS TvEsDAy, JANUARY 4, 1994

Death of Basketball Player Still a Mystery

Before returning to classes yester-
day after the holiday break, the 90-
member student body at the Hudson
Vocational Technical High School in
North Bergen, N.J., held a memorial
service for Jackson Muamba, the 17-
year-old junior who collapsed last
Friday during a basketball game
against Bayonne, and later died.

“Jackson's friends are very dis-
traught,” said Frank Gargiulo, the
school's superintendent. “This is a
small, close-knit school.”

According to Gargiulo, Muamba
collapsed during the early minutes of
the second half against Bayonne.
Gargiulo said players from both
teams were lining up for a foul shot
by a player from Bayonne.

Just before the first free-throw at-
tempt, Muamba, a 5-foot-10-inch for-
ward, walked over to Coach Tom Kil-
leen and asked to be taken out of the
game, saying he felt tired. While Kil-
leen was making the substitution,
Muamba collapsed. He never re-
gained consciousness.

“There was a nurse at the game,
and she rushed onto the court to give
Jackson mouth-to-mouth resuscita-
tion,” said Gargiulo. ‘‘An ambulance
got here very quickly and took him to
Bayonne Hospital, but it appeared
that Jackson was already gone.”

With no history of medical prob-
Jems, Muamba’s death remains a
mystery to his family, friends and
Hudson school officials. An autopsy

North Bergen
student had no
history of medical
problems.

report from a medical examiner's
Office in Jersey City is still to be
completed.

“We don’t have any medical an-
wer or any reason for it to happen,”
said Muamba’s brother, Constantine,
speaking yesterday on the New Jer-
sey News Network. “The only thing
we could think was that it was his
time, his purpose in life was filled. We
don’t have any explanation for that.”

Gargiulo said that Muamba had
passed a preseason physical exami-
nation before joining the team, and
had never complained about feeling
sick or injured.

"This school opened up just three
years ago,” said Gargiulo, who
brought in crisis counselors to help
faculty members and students try to
deal with the tragedy. “And what’s
really sad is that Jackson was one of
the kids who lobbied for a basketball
team. He was a real popular kid, and
we're really gaing to miss him.”

Constantine Muamba said that his
brother was “‘a very strong person
who lived every day of his life to the
fullest.”

“Everybody is trying to stick to-
gether and keep up the strength,”
Constantine added. “That’s what
Jackson would have wanted.”

397

USA TOOAY

Sports

THE SAN DIEGO UNION-TRIBUNE * SUNDAY, JULY

4, 1993

Drysdale dies of heart

ASSOCIATEO PRESS
and ORANGE COUNTY REGISTER,

MONTREAL — Hall of Fame
pitcher Don Drysdale, who teamed
with Sandy Koufax to form base-
ball’s best 1-2 pitching punch for
the Dodgers of the 1960s, was
found dead of a heart attack yester-
day in his hotel room.

Drysdale, who had a history of
heart trouble, would have been 57
in three weeks. He spent the past
23 years as a baseball broadcaster,
the past six on Dodgers games.

Drysdale is the second Dodgers
Hall of Famer to die in the past
week, Former catcher Roy Campa-
nella died of heart attack eight days
agoatage71. *

“1 was just with him at Campy's

Phil Collier remembers
an intense competitor—C-3

funeral,” former Dodgers reliever
Clem Labine said from Vero Beach,
Fla. “Holy Toledo! Of all the things
to happen. It’s just hard to believe.
My God, one on top of the other.

Drysdale had accompanied the
Dodgers to Montreal to start an
11-day Eastern road trip. He an-
nounced Friday night's game with
0 problems. When Drysdale was
not at Olympic Stadium about a
half-hour before the start of yester-
day's game at 7:35 p.m. EDT, his
colleagues at KTLA-TV ‘and
KABC-AM radio tried to call him at
the Le Centre Sheraton.

They discovered a short time lat
er that Drysdale had died in his
room.

Dodgers manager Tommy La-
sorda recalled Drysdale as “a good
man, a great man. It’s going to be a
severe loss. He loved the Dodgers
very, very much. He loved his fami-
ly very much. What a guy. I'll tell
you something, he was something
as a baseball player. He was some-
thing as a man, a real man.”

Drysdale won the 1962 Cy
Young Award as the National
League's besi pitcher.

Drysdale, who was 6-foot:
known as “Big D” during a 14-year
pitching career with the Brooklyn
and Los Angeles Dodgers in which
he was a National League All-Star

vas

attack

10 times. He pitched on World Se-
ries championship teams in 1959,
1963 and 1965 and had a career
record of 259-167 with a 2.95
ERA.

Drysdale was known for never
backing down to hitters, constantly
challenging them with inside fast-
balls.

Most of his pitches were thrown
with a sneer.

“Once, the manager came out to
the mound,” Drysdale once said,
“and instructed me to walk a batter.
I wound up hitting him instead. Why
waste four pitches when one will
do? Sooner or later you have to say

See Drysdele on Page C-3

a

398

News-Leader
a

Monday, July 11, 1994
oo

Jr., 37, Springfield, die
9:32 p.m, Saturday, July
1994, in St. John’s Region-
al Health Center following
an apparent heart attack
suffered earlier in the day,

Catholic School. He at-
tended the University of
Missouri-Columbia —_ for
his undergraduate work
and was a 1982 graduate
of the University of Mis-
‘souri School of Medicine.
He served his three-year
internship and residency
at Franklin Square Hospi-
tal, Baltimore, Md. He
had practiced in Spring-
field since 1985 with
‘Smith-Glynn-Callaway
Clinic and served as a
member of the Executive
Board. At the time of his
death, he was a family
Practitioner in the Sun-
shine office of the Clinic.
He was board certified by
the American Board of
Family Practice and was
a member of Greene
County Medical Society,
Missouri State Medical
Association, | American
Academy of Family
Practice and Missouri
Academy of Family
Practice. He was amem-
ber of Immaculate Con-
ception Catholic Church,
He is survived by his
wife, Marty; ten-year-old
twins, James L. Gentry Ill
and Sarah Jane Gentry,
alt of the home; his par-
ents, James L. Sr. and

399

ST.LOUIS POST-DISPATCH
THURSDAY, JULY 29, 1993

Dr. Gail L. Clark, 47;

Dr. Gail L. Clark, a cardiologist
and head of the cardiac rehabilitation
program at St. Luke’s Hospital in
west St. Louis County, died Monday
Guly 26, 1993) at St. Mary’s Health
Center in Richmond Heights after
suffering a heart attack. She was 47.

Dr. Clark lived in University City.

She was a native of Rochester,
N.Y. She began her medical career as
a nurse in the coronary care unit at
Barnes Hospital, which opened in
1969. She then enrolled at St. Louis
University Medical School and gradu-
ated in 1974.

“She was highly respected as a
cardiologist and a leader in the field
of stress medicine as it relates to
heart disease,” said Dr. Robert
Paine, cardiologist and clinical pro-
fessor at Washington University
School of Medicine.

Dr. Clark was a member of the St.
Louis Society of Internal Medicine.

Was Cardiologist

A funeral Mass
will be held at 10
a.m. Friday at
Our Lady of
Lourdes Church,
7148 Forsyth
Boulevard. Buri-
al will follow at
Resurrection
Cemetery in Aff-
ton. No visitation
will be held.

Among survivors are her husband,
Kenneth W. Clark, two daughters,
Sara E. Clark and Emily J. Clark, and
two sons, Scott W. Clark and Christo-
pher R. Clark, all of University City;
her mother, Elizabeth D. Bommele of
Rochester; two sisters, Ethel McCor-
mack of Norfolk, Va., and Connie
Campisi of Rochester; and two broth-
ers, Gary Lergner of Southern Pines,
N.C., and Robert Bommele of
Rochester.

400

THE NEW YORK TIMES NATIONAL saTuRDAy, FEBRUARY 5, 1994

US. Refuses to Finance
Prison Heart Transplant

By GINA KOLATA

If DeWayne Murphy were not in Fed-
eral prison, he would be on a waiting
list for a heart transplant or might
even have had one by now.

But the Federal Bureau of Prisons,
which is responsible for his medical
costs, does not pay for organ trans:
plants, so the 33-year-old Mr. Murphy
is living in a medical ward at the
Rochester Federal Medical Center in
Minnesota, agonizing over his case.
One prisoners’ rights advocate argues
that by not financing a heart trans-
plant for Mr. Murphy, the Bureau of
Prisons has converted his four-year
sentence to a death sentence.

Mr. Murphy says his health is rap-
idly deteriorating as his heart fails. He
says he is weak and short of breath,
and that he must sleep sitting up, with
an oxygen mask over his face. His
mother, Pat Murphy of Liberty, Mo.,
says her son is afraid to fall asleep at
night.

Mr. Murphy's case, ethicists and
| awyers say, raises troubling questions
about access to health care for those in
the criminal justice system.

A Host of Questions

Should the nation provide expensive
care and scarce organs to convicted
felons? Can it justify a system in which
an estimated one in four employed
Americans cannot have a transplant
because they are uninsured or underin-
sured, yet ask the Bureau of Prisons to
provide them for prisoners?

If the Bureau will not pay for a
transplant, should it pay for a quadru-
ple bypass? Or, looking at it another
way, should a nonviolent criminal like
Mr. Murphy get a heart, but a murder-
er or rapist not? What about someone
convicted of a white-collar crime, like
tax fraud? Where, if at all, should soci-
ety draw the line?

‘According to Esther Benenson, a
spokeswoman for the United Network
for Organ Sharing, the national group
that allocates organs for transplant,
2,856 Americans were waiting for heart
transplants on Jan. 26. She said that
about half the people on heart-trans-
plant lists eventually receive organs.

Mr. Murphy was arrested in March
1991 for possession, with intent to sell,
of about a pound of methamphetamine.
It was his first Federal offense and he
pleaded guilty. He was already desper-
ately ill with cardiomyopathy, a pro-
gressive weakening of the heart mus-
cle.

401

THE SAN DIEGO UNION-TRIBUNE
April 20, 1994

OBITUARIES

William A. Kennedy; introduced
readers to ‘Abby’ and ‘Heathcliff

By JACK WILLIAMS.
Staff Writer

William Alvey
Kennedy, a fea-
tures-syndicate
executive who
helped introduce
the wisdom of
“Dear Abby” and
the whimsy of
“Heathcliff” the
cat to newspaper
readers nation. —
wide, died April William
12 of a heart at- Kennedy
tack while vaca-
tioning in Dublin, Ireland.

Mr. Kennedy, 68, had suffered
from a deterioration of the heart
muscle known as cardiomyopathy,
said his wife, Joyce Lain Kennedy,
of Encinitas. One of his last wishes
before he died was to visit the Auld
Sod, where his family’s roots are
firmly planted.

He was executive vice president
of the McNaught Syndicate in New
York City in the mid-1960s to the
early ’70s, during which time he

helped launch George Gately’s
“Heathcliff” comic strip. He also
was instrumental in expanding the
nationwide network of newspapers
carrying the popular advice column,
“Dear Abby,” which debuted in
1956 in the San Francisco Chroni-
cle.

Mr. Kennedy later founded his
own syndication firm, Sun Features
Inc., in Rockville, Md., and moved it
in 1977 to Encinitas, where he lived
for the last 17 years. Sun Features
distributes features to daily news-
Papers nationwide,

In 1954, before beginning his ca-
reer in publishing, Mr. Kennedy be-
came a partner in Box Cards Inc.,
which grew into one of the the
world’s largest manufacturers of
black-and-white studio greeting
cards. The long, slim cards were
known for their provocative draw-
ings and the one-liners they
contained inside.

Mr. Kennedy also sang profes-
sionally and recorded songs with
big-band leader Les Baxter. “Sud-

denly” was his best-known song,
said his wife.

During the height of the Cold
War, Mr. Kennedy was dispatched
on a goodwill tour of the Soviet
Union by television personality Art
Linkletter to represent “the typical
American man.”

A native of Vincennes, Ind., Mr.
Kennedy grew up in St. Louis and
Chicago, where he attended Loyola
University.

In addition to his wife, he is sur-
vived by sons, William Kennedy, of
Windsor, Calif., and James “Skip”
Kennedy, of DeKalb, Ill.; and
daughter, Kandis Kennedy, of San
Diego.

Family and friends, celebrated
Mr. Kennedy’s life last Saturday at
his Encinitas home with a tradition-
al Irish wake.

The family suggests contribu-
tions to North County Meals-on-
Wheels, 890 Balour Dr., Encinitas,
CA 92024, or Rancho Coastal Hu-
mane Society, 389 Requeza St., al-
so in Encinitas,

402

Star Tribune/Sunday/July 24/1994

Obituaries

Or. Staphen Boros

Stephen Boros
dies; doctor

was a leader in
treating infants

By Anne O'Connor
Staff Writer

Dr. Stephen Boros helped develop
ihe technology to save the lives of
babies with lung problems. He
worked with critically ill newborns
and their families. He published and
presented work that is used world-
wide to help save infants’ lives.

But no matter how well-recognized
he was, one friend said, he never lost
his humor or his human touch.

“He had a , -at zest for life,” said
Dr. Michael Coleman. “He taught
you not to take yourself so serious-
ly.”

Boros, 53, ¢¢ ‘a° sf neonatal medi-
cine at St. Pau Children’s Hospital,
died of cancer Saturday in his Min-
neapolis home.

He was bor in Aurora, Ill., and
educated at the University of Illinois.
He interned in Chicago and served in
the Navy during the Vietnam War.

ST.LOUIS POST-DISPATCH

TUESDAY, MAY 31, 1994

DR. HIROSHI HATANAKA,
62, a Japanese neurosurgeon who
persevered with research on a new
treatment for brain tumors when
most of his peers had given up on it,
died of a stroke May 14 in Tokyo.

Dr. Hatanaka was internationally
recognized for advancing the treat-
ment known as the boron neutron
capture therapy. The therapy com-
bines the use of a boron-containing
drug with neutron irradiation of the
brain. Hatanaka succeeded in curing
some patients and prolonging the
lives of oth~-s, As a result, there is a
growing be “that the treatment has
“great potensial.”

in 1980 British actor Peter
Sellers died of a heart at-
tack at the age 54.

403

weeeeeee

Dr. Stanley B. Lyss, 57;
Clayton pediatrician

Dr. Stanley B. Lyss

Dr. Stanley B. Lyss, a
pediatrician and community
leader, died Friday, Sept. 17,
1993, at St. Mary’s Health
Center in Richmond Heights
after a heart attack. He was
Si

Dr. Lyss, of Clayton, was
in private practice and on the
staff of St. Louis Children’s
Hospital for the past 26
years. Fium 1981-83, he was
President of the medical staff
at the hospital. He was also
on the staffs at Barnes and
Jewish hospitals and St.
John’s Mercy Medical Cen-
ter,

He served on many com-
munity boards and commit-
tees, including the Clayton
School Board’s Future Plan-
ning Committee, the Clayton
Task Force on Drug Abuse
and the Good Shepard
School for Children,

He was also a consultant
and adviser to several com-
munity groups and a member
of many national, stale and
local professional groups.

He was vice president of
Shaare Emeth Congregation
and a past chairman of sever-
al committees there.

He got the Jewish Fe-
deration of St. Louis Lead-
ership Award in 1974 and
was selected with the Best
Doctors in America in 1975
and in 1980.

Dr. Lyss was born in
Clayton and graduated from

Clayton High School He
eamed his bachelor’s degree
from Harvard University and
his medical degree from
Washington University
School of Medicine, where
he was an assistant professor
of clinical pediatrics.

Among the survivors are
his wife of 32 years, Esther
Bryan Lyss; three daughters,
Sheryl Lyss, Julie Lyss and
Pamela Lyss, all of Clayton;
and two brothers, Ronald
Lyss of Creve Coeur and Dr.
Carl Lyss of Clayton.

Instead of flowers, memor-
ial contributions may be
made to the Stanley B. Lyss
Adult Education Fund in
care of Shaare Emeth Con-
gregation, 11645 Ladue Rd.,
St. Louis, Mo., 63141 or to
St. Louis Children’s Hos-
pital.

THE WASHINGTON PosT
Fripay, June 5, 1992

OBITUARIES

SANDRA LOUTREECE EZELL
Physician

Sandra Loutreece Ezell, 40, a
physician who since 1985 had been
director of the trauma service at
D.C. General Hospital, died of can-
cer May 26 at her home in Sawyer-
ville, Ala.

Dr. Ezell was born in Sawyerville
and graduated from Tuskeegee In-
stitute. She received her medical
degree from Howard University
and did her internship and residen-
cy in general surgery at Howard
University Hospital. She joined the
staff of the emergency care center
at D.C. General Hospital in 1982.

In addition to her duties at D.C.
General Hospital, Dr. Ezell had
been an assistant professor at How-
ard University Medical School, clin-
ical instructor for the American
College of Surgeons Advanced
Trauma Life Support Course at
Georgetown University and course
director for the Advanced Trauma
Life Support Course at the Mary-
land Institute for Emergency Med-
ical Services Systems.

A former resident of Silver
Spring, she returned to Sawyerville
two days before her death.

Her mariage to Curtis Toliaferro
ended in divorce.

Survivors include her parents,
Ulysses and Sarah Ezell of Sawyer-
ville; and two brothers, the Rev.
Torenzo Dawson Ezell of Hunts-
ville, Ala., and Frederick Ulysses
Ezell of Sawyerville.

404

eet ———

SUNDAY, APRIL 11, 1993
ST.LOUIS POST-DISPATCH

Donald Lingle, 49;
Was Chiropractor

Dr. Donald L. Lingle, a longtime
chiropractor in St. Louis, died Thurs-
day (April 8, 1993) at St. Anthony's
Medical Center in south St. Louis
County after a heart attack. He was 49.

Dr. Lingle, of Arnold, was in private
practice in St. Louis for 28 years. He
was born in De Soto, Ill., and reared in
Murphysboro, Ill. He earned his chiro-
practic degree from Missouri College
of Chiropractic (now Logan College of
Chiropractic).

A funeral Mass will be celebrated at
10 a.m. Monday at St. David's Catholic
Church, 2334 Tenbrook Road in Ar-
nold. Burial will be in Shepherd Hill
Cemetery in Barnhart, Mo. Visitation
will be from 5 p.m. to 8 p.m. Sunday at
Lang-Fendler Funeral Home, 630
Jeffco Boulevard, Arnold.

Among the survivors are his wife of
28 years, Susan Lingle of Arnold; two
sons, David M. Lingle of Philadelphia
and Joseph T. Lingle of Fenton; a sis-
ter, Sandra DeRosette of Mantino, IIl.;
and two brothers, Paul W. Lingle of
Paducah, Ky., and Terry L. Lingle of
Shelbyville, Ky.

In lieu of flowers, memorial contri-
butions may be made to a charity of
the donor’s choice.

405

St. Louis Jewish Light

April 20, 1994

Dr. Kenneth Hirsch Solomon;
was geriatric psychiatrist

Dr. Kenneth Hirsch Solo-
mon, a geriatric psychiatrist,
author and musician, died
Tuesday (April 23, 1994) at
St. Luke’s Hospital in west
St. Louis County after a brief
illness.

He was 46 and lived in
Creve Coeur.

Dr. Solomon was an asso-
ciate professor of psychiatry
in geriatric psychiatry at St
Louis University School of
Medicine since 1989. He
was also an associate profes-
sor in the school’s depart-
ment of internal medicine
since last year.

He wrote three books,
including one of poetry. Dr.
Solomon also was the author
or co-author of nearly 80
professional papers and
articles.

He gave more than 500
lectures in the United States,
Canada and Brazil.

He was an accomplished
jazz and classical pianist. He
performed with noted jazz

musician Jack DeJohnette
and played backup for
Natalie Cole and for the Ink
Spots.

Dr. Solomon was born in
Brooklyn, N.Y. He eamed a
bachelor’s degree in history
in 1967 from New York
University and his medical
degree in 1971 from the
State University of New
York at Buffalo.

Among survivors are his
wife, Dr. Barbara W. Brown;
a daughter, Lori Funderburk
of Vanceboro, N.C.; a son,
David Karl Solomon of
Columbia, Mo.; his parents,
Estelle Reitman of Patch-
ogue, N.Y., and Solomon
Solomon Solomon of Fort
Lauderdale, Fla.; and a sis-
ter, Susanne Policano of
Middleton, Wis.

Memorial contributions
may be made to the Tra-
ditional Congregation of
Creve Coeur, 12437 Ladue
Rd., St. Louis, Mo. 63141. =

406

[| eeeeezeee |]

ees

THE NEW YORK TIMES OBITUARIES rribay, AUGUST 27, 1993

Boris G. Moishezon,
Columbia Professor
Of Math, Dies at 55

By WOLFGANG SAXON

Boris G. Moishezon, a mathematics
professor at Columbia University who
defected from the Soviet Union in 1972
and came to the United States five
years later, died Wednesday. He was 55
and lived in Leonia, N.J.

Dr. Moishezon had a heart attack
while jogging and was pronounced
dead in Holy Name Hospital in Tea-
neck, N.J., said his wife, Natalia.

Dr. Moishezon was among the fore-
most experts in algebraic geometry.
He began his career 30 years ago in
Moscow, tutored by the Soviet math- . .
ematician Igor Shafarevich at the Stek- Boris G. Moishezon
lov Institute of Mathematics. But he:
made his international reputation at
Tel Aviv University and at Columbia.

Born in Odessa, Ukraine, he received’
a doctorate in physical and mathemati-
cal sciences from Moscow State Uni-
versity and became a senior scientist
at the Central Institute of Mathemati-
cal Economics in Moscow.

The New York Times, 1983

Emigré Driven by Frustration

Dr. Moishezon belonged to a growing
contingent of young intellectuals who
felt their Jewishness barred them from
the top echelons, especially in mathe-
matics and physics. He and nine peers
signed a public statement in 1972 de-
crying the high fees for exit visas im-
posed on holders of doctoral degrees.
The fees, as much as $25,000, were
intended by the Soviet Government as
repayment for the émigrés' education.

By then the 10 were in the midst of
the complicated process of seeking
passage to Israel during the Soviet
drain brain of the 1970's. Dr. Moishezon
got his exit visa in 1972 and took the
post of professor of mathematics at Tel
Aviv University. He came to the United
States as a visiting professor at the
University of Utah in 1977, the year he
was appointed a professor of mathe-
matics at Columbia.

Besides his wife, Dr. Moishezon
leaves a daughter, Hanna, of Tel Aviv;
a son, Tsvi, of Leonia; and a half-
brother, Friedrich, of Yalta, Ukraine.

407

THE NEW YORK TIMES OBITUARIES WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1994

Boris B. Yegorov, 57, First Physician in Space

By WILLIAM DICKE

Boris B. Yegorov, the first physi-
cian to fly in space, died in his
apartment in Moscow on Monday
night, Russian news agencies report-
ed yesterday. He was 57.

The cause was a heart attack, the
Itar-Tass news agency said.

Dr. Yegorov and two colleagues
were launched aboard the Voskhod
(Sunrise) 1 spacecraft from the Bai-
konur space center in Kazakhstan on
Oct. 12, 1964, on the seventh manned
Soviet space flight. The three astro-
nauts were crammed aboard a space-
craft designed for one. The flight was
the first with more than one astro-
naut, the first in which trained scien-
tusts were sent into space and the first
in which Russian astronauts flew
without space suits, perhaps because
there was too httle room.

During the 24-hour, }6-orbit flight,
Dr. Yegorov, a 27-year-old heutenant

in the Soviet Army's medical corps,
observed the astronauts’ reactions to
microgravity and drew blood sam-
ples. He also experimented with fruit
flies and plants.

One other crew member, Konstan-
tin P. Feoktistov, was an engineer
and scientist. The third was the mis-
sion commander, Col. Viadimir M.
Komarov of the Soviet Air Force.

Upon their return to Moscow, the
astronauts were given a triumphal
reception and honored in ceremonies
at Red Square. An editorial in The
New York Times said: “Space 1s no
longer the exclusive preserve of the
astronaut; now many sciences will
look forward to preparing some of
their practitioners to use their knowl-
edge and skills outside this planet and
to bring back new knowledge for the
benefit of mankind.”*

Dr. Yegorov was born in Moscow
on Nov. 26, 1937, the son of Boris G:
Yegorov, one of the Soviet Union's

leading brain surgeons. The younger
Yegorov decided at an early age to go
mto medical research and entered
the First Moscow Medical Institute,
where he chose aviation and space
medicine as a specialty.

He worked in several medical re-
search institutes before being trained
for space flight. After his flight
aboard Voskhod 1, he earned the
equivalent of a Ph.D. from Humboldt
University in East Bern. Later in his
career he was the head of a number
of medical research mstitutions in
Russia. From 1984 to 1982, he was the
director of the Scientific-Industrial
Center for Medical Biotechnology un-
der the Soviet Health Ministry

Dr. Yegorov was awarded some of
his nation's highest decorations, in-
cluding the gold star of the Hero of
the Soviet Union and the Order of
Lenin.

He and his wife, Eleonora, also a
physician, had a son, Boris.

408

17. Schrauzer, G.N., et al.: Cancer Mor-
tality Correlation Studies-III: Statistical
Associations with Dietary Selenium In-
takes. Bioinorganic Chemistry.7:23.1977.

18. Schrauzer, G.N., et al.: Selenium in
the Blood of Japanese and American
Women With and Without Breast Cancer
and Fibrocystic Disease. Jpn. J. Cancer Res.
76:374. May, 1985.

19. Schwarz, K. and Foltz, C.M.: Sele-
nium as an Integral Part of Factor 3 Against
Dietary necrotic Liver Degeneration.
J.Am.Chem.Soc.19:3292.1959.

19. Shu-Yu Yu, et al,: A Preliminary Re-
port on the Intervention Trials of Primary
Liver Cancer in ‘"‘gh-Risk Populations with
Nutritional Supriementation of Selenium
in China. Bic!. Trace Ele. Research.
29:289.1991.

20. Shu-Yu Yu, et al.: Chemoprevention
Trial of Human Hepatitis with Selenium
Supplementation in China. Biol. Trace Ele.
Research. The Humana Press, Inc. 20:15.
1989.

21. Shwachman, H., et al.: The
Heterogenicity of Cystic Fibrosis. Birth De-
fects. 8:102. 1972.

22. Tus,H. st al.: Keshan Disease as it
Relates to Selenium Status. Chinese
J.Med.1979. Selenium in the Heart of
China. Lancet. 27 Oct,1979. p899.

23. Van Vleet, F.J. and Ferrans, V.J.: Ul-
trastructure of Hyaline Microthrombi in
Myocardial Capillaries of Pigs with
Spotaneous Mulberry Heart Disease. Am.
J.Vet. Res. 38:2077.1977.

24. Van Vleet, E. J., et al.: Hepatos
Dietetia and Mulberry Heart Disease As-
sociated with Selenium Deficiency in Indi-
ana Swine. J.Am.Vet Med. Assoc.
157:1208.1970.

25. Wallach, J.D. and Garmaise, B.: Cys-
tic Fibrosis: A Perinatal Manifestation of

Selenium Deficiency. 13th Annual Confer-
ence on Trace Substances in Environmen-
tal Health. June 4-7,1979. University of
Missouri, Columbia, Mo.

26. Wallach, J.D.: Cystic Fibrosis: A pro-
posal of Etiology and Pathogenesis. Work-
shop on Model Systems for the Study of
Cystic Fibrosis. May 25-26, 1978. N.I.H.,
Bethesda, Md.

27. Wallach, J.D., Ma Lan, Wei Han Yu,
Bo-Qi Gu, Feng Teng Yu and Goddard, R.F.:
Common Denominators in the Etiology and
Pathology of Visceral Lesions of Cystic Fi-
brosis and Keshan Disease. Biol. Trace Ele.
Research. Humana Press, Inc. 24:189.1990.

Si - Silica is found in igneous rocks at
281,500 ppm; shale at 73,000 ppm; sand-
stone at 368,000 ppm; limestone at 24,000
ppm; fresh water at 6.5 ppm; sea water at 3
ppm; soils at 330,000 ppm (found as SiO2,
the most abundant form of Si in nature, in
silicates and clays); marine plants at 1,500
to 20,000 ppm; accumulated by diatoms,
horsetail, ferns, Cyoeraceae, Graineae and
Juncaceae and by the flowers of
Pappophorum silicosum; marine animals
at 70,000 ppm; land animals at 120 to 6,000
ppm (highest levels in hair, lungs and bone).

Silicon supplementation increases the
collagen in growing bone by 100 %. Tissue
levels of Si decrease with aging in
unsupplemented humans and laboratory
species. Silica deficiency is characterized
by dry brittle hair, brittle finger and toe nails,
poor skin quality, poor calcium utilization
and arterial disease. High fiber diets contain lots of Si which leads many investigators to think that Si helps to lower cholesterol. The recommended intake of Si ranges
from 200 to 500 mg/day.

409

1. Carlisle,E.M.: In Vivo Requirements
for Silicon in Articular Cartilage and Con-
nective Tissue Formation in the Chick.
J.Nutr.106:478. 1976

2. Kaufmann, K.: Silica: The Amazing
Gel. Burnaby, B.C., Canada. Alive Books.
1992.

Sm -samariumisa “light” Rare Earth
found in igneous rocks at 6 ppm; shale at
5.6 ppm; sandstones at 2.7 ppm; limestone
at 0.8 ppm; land plants at 0.0055 ppm (ac-
cumulates up to 23 ppm); marine animals
at 0.04 to 0.08 ppm; land animals at 0.01
ppm in heart muscle and 0.0009 in mam-
malian bone and liver..

Samarium enhances normal cell proliferation and doubles the life span of laboratory species.

Sn-Tinis found in igneous rocks at 2
ppm; shale at 6 ppm; sandstone and lime-
stone at 0.5 ppm; fresh water at 0.00004
ppm; sea water at 0.003 ppm; soils at 2 to
200 ppm (strongly absorbed by humus);
marine plants at 1 ppm; landplants at 0.3
ppm (highest in bryophytes and lichens);
marine animals at 0.2 to 20 ppm; land ani-
mals at 0.15 ppm (highest levels are found
in the lungs and intestines).

Originally the presence of tin in tissue was attributed to environmental contamination; however, careful and detailed studies by Schwarz demonstrated that tin produced an acceleration of growth in rats and further met the standards for an essential trace element. As a member of the fourth main chemical group of elements, tin has many chemical and physical properties similar to those of carbon, silica, germanium and lead.

Rats fed tin at 17.0 ng/gm show poor growth, reduced feeding efficiency, hearing loss, and bilateral (male pattern) hair loss, while rats fed 1.99 ug/gm were physiologically and anatomically normal; tin was demonstrated to be an essential element by Schwarz in 1970. Tin has been shown to exert a strong induction effect on the enzyme heme oxygenase, enhancing heme breakdown in the kidney. There is also evidence for tin having cancer prevention properties.

A federal study released in November
of 1991 showed that men in recent genera-
tions have poorer hearing at any given age
than in men in earlier generations. Men
over age 30 lose their hearing more than
twice as fast as woman of the same age.

1. Cardarelli, N.F.: Tin as a vital Nutri-
ent: Implications in Cancer Prophylaxis and
other Physiological Processes. CRC-Press,
Boca Raton, Florida.1986.

2. Katsuhiko, Yokoi, et al.: Effect of Di-
etary Tin Deficiency on Growth and Min-
eral Status in Rats. Biol. Trace Ele. Re-
search. The Humana Press,Inc.
24:223.1990.

Sr - Strontium is found in igneous
rocks at 375 ppm; shale at 300 ppm; sand-
stone at 20 ppm; limestone at 610 ppm;
fresh water at 0.08 ppm; sea water at 8.1
ppm; soils at 300 ppm; marine plants at 260
to 1,400 ppm; land plants at 26 ppm; ma-
rine animals at 20 to 500 ppm; land ani-
mals at 14 ppm (highest in mammalian
bone).

Strontium can replace calcium in many
organisms (including man) - there is con-
siderable evidence for essentiality in mam-
mals including man.

Deficiencies of Sr are associated with

410

certain types of Ca and B resistant
osteoporosis and arthritis.

Strontium 90, the man made product of fission atomic explosions and the greatest biohazard fear during the cold war, does not occur in nature.

Ta - Tantalum is found in igneous rocks
at 2 ppm; shale at 0.8 ppm; sandstone and
limestone at 0.05 ppm; sea water at
0.0000025 ppm; marine animals accumu-
lated up to 410 ppm.

Tb -terbium is found in igneous rock
at 0.9 ppm; shale at 0.58 ppm; sandstone
at 0.41 ppm; limestone at 0.071 ppm; land
plants at 0.0015 ppm; marine animals at
0.006 to 0.01 ppm; land animals at 0.0004
ppm (accumulates in mammalian bone).

Tc-all isotopes of technetium are ra-
dioactive and not known to occur in na-
ture. Technetium is poorly absorbed by
mammals.

Te - Tellurium is found in igneous rocks

at 0.001 ppm; land plants at 2 to 25 ppm
and land animals at 0.02 ppm.

Th - Thorium is found in igneous rocks
at 9-6 ppm; shale at 12 ppm; sandstone and
limestone at 1-7 ppm; soils at 5 ppm; ma-
rine animals at 0.003-0.03 ppm and land
animals at 0.003-0.1 ppm.

Ti - Titanium is found in igneous rocks
at 5,700 ppm; shale at 4,600 ppm; sand-
stone at 1,500 ppm; sea water at 0.001 ppm;
soils at 5,000 ppm; marine plants at 12-80
ppm (accumulates in plankton); land plants

at 1 ppm; marine animals at 0.2 to 20 ppm
and Jand animals at 0.2ppm.

TI - Thallium is found in igneous rocks at 0.45 ppm; shale at 1.4 ppm; sandstone at 0.82 ppm; limestone at 0.05 ppm; sea water at 0.00001 ppm; soils at 0.1 ppm; land animals at 0.4 ppm (accumulates in the mammalian kidney and is highly toxic to mammals including man).

TM- Thulium isa “heavy” Rare Earth
and is found in igneous rocks at 0.48 ppm;
shales at 0.28 ppm; sandstone at 0.3 ppm;
limestone at 0.065 ppm; land plants at
0.0015 ppm and land animals at 0.00004
ppm

Thulium supplementation enhances the growth of normal cells and has doubled the life spans of laboratory species.

U- uranium is found in igneous rocks
at 2,7 ppm; shale at 3.7 ppm; sandstone
0.95 ppm; limestone at 2.2 ppm; fresh wa-
ter at 0.001 ppm; sea water at 0.003 ppm;
soil at 1 ppm ( absorbed by humus, espe-
cially in alkaline soils); land plants at 0.038
ppm (Astragalus spp. is an accumulator
plant); marine animals at 0.004 to 3.2 ppm;
land animals atr 0.013 ppm; all natural iso-
topes are alpha emiters and may also de-
cay by fission. Uranium is accumulated by
mammalian kidney and bone after inges-
tion.

V- Vanadium is found in igneous rocks
at 135 ppm; shale at 130 ppm; sandstone
at 20 ppm; limestone at 20 ppm; fresh wa-
ter at 0.001 ppm; sea water at 0.002 ppm;
soils at 100 ppm (V is absorbed by humus,
especially in alkaline soils); marine plants

41

at 2 ppm; land plants at 1.6 ppm (accumu-
lated by the fungus Amanita muscaria);
marine animals at 0.14 to 2 ppm; land ani-
mals at 0.15 ppm.

Metallic vanadium (vanadyl sulfate) is absorbed from the intestinal tract very poorly at only 0.1 to 1.0 %; vanadium chelates at 40 % and plant derived colloidals at up to 98 %.

Vanadium was proven to be an essential trace mineral in 1971. Vanadium stimulates glucose (blood sugar) oxidation and transport in fat cells and glycogen (animal starch) synthesis in liver and muscle, and inhibits liver gluconeogenisis (production of glucose from fat) and absorption of glucose from the gut. Vanadium enhances the stimulating effect of insulin on DNA synthesis. Despite low serum insulin, the blood glucose levels of diabetic rats fed vanadium was the same as normal controls.

Vanadium appears to function like in-
sulin by altering cell membrane function for
ion transport processes, therefore vanadium
has a very beneficial effect for humans with
glucose tolerance problems (i.e. -
hypoglycemia, hyperinsulinemia and dia-
betes) by making the cell membrane insulin
receptors more sensitive to insulin. Several
cultures including American Indians, Hispan-
ics and Hawaiians have an increased rate of
diabetes when they cease to eat their ethnic
foods and consume canned, processed and
fast foods. Vanadium supplementation can
have a major positive economic impact by
reducing or even eliminating most cases of
adult onset diabetes - diabetes alone costs
American taxpayers a minimum of $105 bil-
lion each year.

Vanadium inhibits cholesterol synthesis in animals and humans; this is followed by decreased plasma levels of cholesterol and reduced aortic cholesterol.

Vanadium initiates an increase in the contractile force of heart muscle known as the “inotropic effect.”

Vanadium has known anticarcinogenic
properties. Induction of mouse mammary
tumor growth was blocked by feeding 25
ug of vanadium per gram of diet. The vana-
dium supplement reduced tumor incidence,
average tumor count per animal and pro-
longed median cancer free time without
inhibiting overall growth or health of the
animals (sure beats chemotherapy and ra-
diation!).

Clinical diseases associated with Vanadium deficiency include:
Slow growth
Increased infant mortality
Infertility
Elevated cholesterol
Elevated triglycerides
Hypoglycemia
Hyperinsulinemia
Diabetes
Cardiovascular disease
Obesity

1. McNeill, J.H.: Biological Effects of
Vanadium.The University of British Colum-
bia, Vancouver, B.C. June 16,1993.

2. Nielsen, FH.: Vanadium. in Trace El-
ements in Human and Animal Nutrition.
Vol.1.5th ed(Mertz,W. ed).1987.

W - Tungsten is found in igneous rocks
at 1.5 ppm; shale at 1.8 ppm; sandstone at
1.6 ppm; limestone at 0.6 ppm; sea water
at 0.0001; soils at 1 ppm; marine plants at
0.035 ppm; marine animals at 0.0005 to
0.05 ppm; land animals at 0.005 ppm (ac-
cumulates in heart muscle and teeth at
0.00025 ppm).

412

Xe - Xenon is found in igneous rocks
at 0.00003 ppm; sea water at 0.000052
ppm.

Xenon binds to mammalian hemoglobin and myoglobin producing an anesthetic effect.

Y - Yttrium is a “heavy” Rare Earth
found in igneous rocks at 33 ppm; shale at
18 ppm; sandstone at 9.1 ppm; limestone
at 4.3 ppm; sea water at 0.0003 ppm; soils
at 50 ppm; land plants at 0.6 ppm (accu-
mulates in ferns); marine mammals at 0.1
to 0.2 ppm; land animals at 0.04 ppm
(found in mammalian bone, teeth and
liver).

Yttrium enhances normal cell growth and doubles the life span of laboratory species. Exposure of pregnant mice to yttrium leads to rapid placental transfer, 14% of ingested Y can be detected in newborn mice.

1. Zhang,W.E. et al : Effects of Traces
of Rare Earth Elements on the Protozoan
Blepherisma and on Mice.Biological Trace
Element Resesarch. 17:81-90.1988

2. Tang, R-H, et al.: Stimulation of Pro-
liferation of Tetrahymena pyriformis by
Trace Rare Earths. Biol. Trace Ele. Res. 7:95.
1985.

Yb- Ytterbium is a Rare Earth found in igneous rocks at 3 ppm; shale at 1.8 ppm; sandstone at 1.3 ppm; limestone at 0.43 ppm; land plants at 0.0015 ppm; marine animals at 0.02 ppm; land animals at 0.00012 ppm (accumulates up to 1.3 ppm in bone, teeth and liver). Exposure of pregnant mice leads to rapid placental transfer, 14% of ingested Yb can be detected in newborn mice.

ZN - Zinc is found in igneous rocks at
70 ppm; shale at 95 ppm; sandstone at 16
ppm; limestone at 20 ppm; fresh water at
0.01 ppm; sea water at 0.01 ppm; soils at
50 ppm; marine plants at 150 ppm; land
plants at 100 ppm; marine animals at 6 to
1,500 ppm; land animals at 160 ppm (ac-

Table 11-24. Congenital Birth defects associated with Zinc Deficiency.
Down’s Syndrome
Cleft lip
Cleft palate
Brain defects (dorsal herniation, hydroencephalocele)
Micro- or anophthalmia (small or absent eyes)
Micro- or agnathia
Spina bifida
clubbed limbs
Syndactyly (webbed toes and fingers)
Diaphragmatic hernias (hiatal hernia)
Umbilical hernias
Heart defects
lung defects
Urogenital
413

Fig. 11-22 Atresia ani (child born with no anal opening).

Fig. 11-23 Patent foramen ovale (hole in heart defect, often called blue baby)

414

=

Fig. 11-24 Polydactyly (multiple feet on cat)

415

| becweeese |

Fig. 11-26 Child with Celiac disease and secondary zinc deficiency

416

417

Table 11-25. Symptoms and Diseases of Zinc Deficiency
Pica (geophagia, wool eating, hair eating, etc.)
Loss of sense of smell
Loss of sense of taste
Infertility
Failure of wounds and ulcers to heal
Immune status failure
Poor growth (short stature)
High infant mortality
Hypogonadism (small poorly functioning ovaries and testes)
Remains in a prepuberty state
Anemia
Alopecia (hair loss)
Acrodermatitis enteropathica (Parakeratosis in pigs and calves)
“Frizzy” hair
Diarrhea
Depression
Paranoia
Oral and perioral dermatitis
Weight loss (anorexia nervosa)
Benign prostatic hypertrophy (prostate enlargement)
Severe body odor (“smelly tennis shoe” syndrome)
Anorexia & Bulimia

cumulates in mammalian kidney, prostate
and eye).

Zinc was known to be essential for bread mold 100 years ago, essential for rats 50 years ago and for humans only 20 years ago. Zinc deficiency produces a wide range of diseases including birth defects (Table 11- 24) and degenerative diseases of all age groups (Table 11-25).

There is 1.4 to 2.3 grams of Zn in the adult human. The liver, pancreas, kidney, bone and skeletal muscles have the greatest reserves of Zn, lesser amounts are found in the eye, prostate gland, semen, skin, hair, fingernails and toenails.

There are no less than 70 metalloenzymes that require Zn to function, these include carbonic anhydrase, alkaline phosphatase, lactic dehydrogenase and carboxypeptidase. Zinc helps to bind enzymes to substrates by maintaining spatial and configurational relationships. Some enzymes bind Zn so tightly that even during severe Zn depletion they can still function. Zinc participates in the metabolism of nucleic acids and the synthesis of proteins; Zinc is also an integral part of the RNA molecule itself (Zinc “metal fingers”) and participates in cell division and synthesis of DNA - the DNA-dependent RNA polymerase is a zinc-dependent enzyme, as is thymidine kinase.

Excesses of copper and iron and high phytate diets (vegans) will reduce availability of dietary zinc. Heavy losses of Zn occurs in sweat, therefore unsupplemented athletes are particularly at risk for Zn deficiency (i.e.- anorexia nervosa, muscle weakness, pica, etc.).

1. Beardsley, D.W. and Forbes,R.M.:
Growth and Chemical Studies of Zinc De-
ficiency in the Baby Pig. J.An.Science.
1957.p.1038.

2. Edwards,H.M., et al.: Studies on Zinc
in Poultry Nutrition.1: The Effect of feed,
water and Environment on Zinc Deficiency
in Chicks. Poultry Sci.37:1094.1958.

3. Erten, J., et al.: Hair Zinc in Healthy
and Malnourished Children. Am.J.Clin.
Nutr. 32:570.1979.

4. Herkovits, J. and Perez-Coll,C.: Zinc
Protection Against Delayed Development
Produced by Cadmium. Biol.Trace
Ele.Research. The Humana Press,

418

Anorexia,
bulimia rise
in athletics

By ALAN BAVLEY
Medical Writer

Anorexia nervosa and bulimia, the eat-
ing disorders that claimed the life of
world-class gymnast Christy Henrich
Tuesday, are an increasingly recognized
hazard among female athletes, experts say.

Driven to succeed and to maintain what
coaches and judges consider an ideal
weight or body shape, many female ath-
letes are falling prey to a triad of poten-
tially deadly conditions: disordered eating,
loss of menstruation and osteoporosis.

“Christy Henrich is an example of how
serious it can be,” said Aurelia Nattiv, a
Santa Monica, Calif., physician who treats
many female athletes for eating disorders.
“It can really be a downward spiral to
death.”

Henrich, an Independence resident who
came close to qualifying for the U.S.
Olympic team in 1988, died after battling
eating disorders for several years. She was
22

Though Nattiv emphasized that Hen-

rich’s case was an extreme, numerous stud-
ies of female athletes reveal striking evi-
dence that they are driving themselves to
unhealthy degrees:

@ As many as 62 percent of female col-
lege gymnasts suffer from disordered eat-
ing patterns, one study found.

These eating patterns include anorexia,
the severe self-denial of food that can lead
to malnutrition and even starvation; bu-

See EATING, A-11, Coi. 1

419

The Associated Press

Christy Henrich competed
at the 1988 Olympic trials
and missed qualifying by
0.118 of a point. The gym-
nast died Tuesday of com-
plications arising from eat-
ing disorders. Coaches’
and gymnasts’ remem-
brances of her are on Page
D-1.

=)

Inc.24:217.1990.

5. Hove,E.,et al: Further Studies of Zinc
Deficiency in Rats. Am.J.Physiol.124
:750.1938.

6. Kienholz,E.W.,, et al.: Effects of Zinc
Deficiency in the Diets of Hens.
J.Nutr.75:211.October, 1961.

7. Klug,A. and Rhodes, D.: Zinc Fingers:
A Novel Protein Motif for Nucleic Acid Rec-
ognition. in Trends in Biochemical
Sciences.12:464.Dec. 1987.

8. Legg, S.P. and Sears,L.: Zinc Sulphate
Treatment of Parakeratosis in Cattle. Na-
ture. 186:1061.1960.

9. Miller, J.K. and Miller,WJ.: Experi-
mental Zinc Deficiency and Recovery of
Calves. J.Nutr.76:467.April,1962.

10. Morrison, A.B. and Sarett,H.P.: Stud-
ies on Zinc Deficiency in the Chick.
J.Nutr.June,1958.p267-280.

11. Ott, E.A., et al.: Zinc Deficiency Syn-
drome in the Young Lamb. J.Nutr.
82:41.Jan.1964.

12. Rhodes,D. andKlug,A.: Zinc

Fingers.Scientific American.February
1993.p.56.

13. Tucker, H.F. and Salman, W.D.:
Parakeratosis or Zinc Deficiency Disease
in the Pig. Proc. Soc.Exp.Biol.Med.
88:613.1955.

14. Vohra, P. and Kratzer, F.H.: Influence
of Various Chelating Agents on the Avail-
ability of Zinc. J.Nutr.82:248.1964.

ZY - Zirconium is found in igneous
rocks at 165 ppm; shales at 160 ppm; sand-
stone at 220 ppm; limestone at 19 ppm;
fresh watre at 0.0026; sea water at 0.000022
ppm; soils at 300 ppm; marine plants at 20
ppm; land plants at 0.64 ppm; marine ani-
mals at 0.1 to 1 ppm; and land animals at
0.3 ppm.

420

“ (Roger) Bacon deduced that, if, after the Fall, men
(Methuselah and the other antediluvian patriarchs)
still were able to live almost a thousand years, then
the short life span of his own times might be the
result not of the will of God but of the ignorance of
man.”

-Gerald W. Gruman
A History of Ideas About the
Prolongation of Life, 1966

Chapter 12

Dr. WALLACH’S “SEE-FOOD DIET”:

A day without a hamburger is a day without sunshine!

We are what's in (or isn’t in) the food
we eat, therefore it matters not whether
one follows the concepts of the Beverly
Hills Diet, Dr. Atkin’s Diet, the Fit for Life
Diet,the Mediterranean Diet, Dr. Berger’s
Immune Power Diet, The Pritikin Diet,
the Macrobiotic Diet, Pearson's and
Shaw’s Life Extension Diet, The 120 Year
Diet, become a vegan or a carnivore and
eat blubber like an Eskimo or eat dozens
of burgers each day like Wimpy (the
original “junk food junky” from Popeye
cartoons) - if you don’t supplement daily
with optimal amounts of each of the 90
essential nutrients your throwing from 50
to 75% of your life away as sure as if you
had jumped in front of a speeding
commuter train.

In contrast to the methodical, science
based approach to formulating animal
rations, humans have unfortunately relied

on “the wisdom of the body” theory
recommending the “four food groups” and
“variety” as the way to “ensure” a
“healthy” diet.

The “wisdom of the body” theory was
first proposed by Clara Davis, a
pediatrician, in 1928 when she published
the results of a “feeding experiment” in
newly weaned seven to nine month old
human babies - the babies were offered a
great variety of simple natural foods and
they chose the healthier combinations of
food without prompting. Davis was sure
that this experiment proved that our
bodies “know best.”

Curt P. Richter, a highly respected
psychologist gave Davis’ work his seal of
approval in the 1940's, after which, the
“wisdom of the body” theory rapidly
found it’s way into the annals of human
nutrition texts, medical curriculum,

421

medical belief and finally medical dogma.

Richter published one of his own cases
in 1940 in which a 3 1/2 year old boy
demonstrated a “morbid craving for salt.”
The child had begun licking salt off of
soda crackers at age one, then ate salt
from the shaker at 18 months. At 3 1/2
years of age, the boy was hospitalized to
restrict his salt intake - 48 hours after
being denied salt the boy died (another
great victory for psychology) - his autopsy
revealed that he had had Addison’s
Disease (adrenal cortical insufficiency).
The boys salt cravings (pica) were correct
and had kept the boy alive - when the
hospital restricted salt the boy died.

Pregnancy associated cravings (pica)
support the “wisdom of the body” theory
- the increased demand for minerals by
the developing embryo/fetus further
deprive a mineral deficient mother to be
with limited mineral reserves, thus
accentuating her cravings. In fact fat and
salt cravings increase with advancing
pregnancy - pregnant women do require
a net increase in salt and protein
consumption to keep water from leaving
the blood vessels and seeping into the
body tissue (i.e.- edema, “swelling”, etc.);
therefore, a craving for salty food (i.e.-
pickles, chips, crackers, etc.) makes
sense. Pregnant women also crave fat
(i.e.- ice cream, chocolate, fatty meats,
etc.) and sweets (i.e.- candy, sugar, soft
drinks, pastry, etc.) in their first trimester
of pregnancy - these pica type cravings
represent a misinterpreted craving for
minerals.

Chocolate appears to be the number
one sweet craving in premenopausal
women (39%) as opposed to 14% in men.
Women as a group tend to be more
depleted of minerals than men because

|

of their additional mineral losses as a
result of their cyclic menstrual periods,
pregnancy and lactations.

In general human diets are
“formulated” by cultural, ethnic and
religious tradition which was originally
dictated by the length of local growing
seasons, altitude of the fields,
temperature during the growing season,
soil types, average rainfall, etc. (Table 12-
1). As a result of the environmental,
social, ethnic and religious limits, human
nutrition is bogged down with catch
phrases such as “wisdom of the body,”
“the Mediterranean diet,” “the four food
groups,” “variety,”and religious res-
trictions of various kinds.

All human societies have integrated
strict dietary rules into their religions and
religious practices, devised taboos on
certain food plants or animals that were
either venerated (totemism) or feared
(witchcraft), incorporated fasts and
detailed rituals for animal sacrifices prior
to feasts. There are societal or religious
laws against overindulgence of strong
alcoholic drinks and gluttony (“The seven
deadly sins”).

Religious vegetarianism is as old as
Hinduism and Jainism and as new as
Seventh-day Adventism and the New Age
beliefs. Today only the untouchables of
India eat red meat, while devote high-
caste Hindus restrict their diets to grains,
vegetables, fruits and dairy products -
high-caste Hindus feel towards eating
beef as an American feels about eating
the family cat or dog, and yet there was
the time when beef was commonly eaten
throughout India just as McDonald's
burgers are eaten throughout America. In
2500 B.C., the first large villages appeared
along the banks of the Indus River - these

422

Table 12-1 .Subsistence Patterns of Earth’s Peoples.

People

Environment

Subsistence Pattern
(Plant:Animal)

Mediterranean
Europe
Oriental

North America

Age-Beaters

Hadza
Kung San

Aborigines

Temperate
Temperate
Temperate/Tropical
Temperate
High Desert
Tanzania/Semitropical
Botswana/Desert

Australia/ Extreme Desert

Sea Coast

Ache’
Agta

Eskimo

early Indians raised and ate with relish
cattle, sheep and goats along with wheat,
millet and barley. Vegetarianism was far
from anyone’s mind!! Among the
archaeological kitchen debris of the
ancient Indian cities of Harappa and
Mohenjo-Daro burned bones of cattle,
sheep, goats, pigs, water buffalo, poultry,
camels and elephants were common.
The great cities of Harappa and

Paraguay:Rainforest
Philippines/Tropical

North American Arctic

70:30

60:40

70:30

60:40

70:30

80:20

65:35

90:10
25:75

50:50

40:60

10:90

Mchenjo-Daro were precipitously
deserted shortly after 2000 B.C. as a result
of ecological disasters ( rivers changed
their channels). As a result of the societal
breakdown and anarchy, barbarians
(Aryans) speaking Vedic (the mother-
tongue of Sanskrit) swept into the Punjab
and took over the Ganges Valley. The way
of life of the bronze-age Vedics were
similar to those of the pre-Homeric

423

Greeks, Teutons and Celtics. The holy
writings of the Vedic peoples up to 1000
B.C. showed very clearly they were
allowed to eat animal flesh including beef
(and apparently they did with frequent
feasts and “with great gusto.”)
Archaeological studies of Hastinapur
show that cattle, buffalo, sheep and goats
were among the meat species most
commonly eaten.

Om Prakash, in his authoritative work,
Food and Drinks in Ancient India,
summarized the eating habits of the Vedic
period of India:

Fire is called the eater of ox and barren
cows. The ritual offering of flesh implied
that the priests would eat it. A goat is also
offered to fire to be carried to forefathers.
A barren cow was also killed at the time
of marriage obviously for food (and the
wedding feast). A slaughter house is also
mentioned. The flesh of horses, rams,
barren cows and buffaloes was cooked.
Probably flesh of birds was also eaten.

In the later Vedic period, it was
customary to kill a big ox or a big goat to
feed a distinguished guest. Sometimes a
cow was also killed. Atithigva also implies
that cows were slain for guests. Many
animals - cows, sheep, goats and horses
continue to be killed at sacrifices and the
flesh of those sacrificial animals was
eaten by the participants.

The late Vedic-early Hindu kingdoms
of the Ganges Valley had priestly-castes
(Brahmans) similar to the Levites of the
Hebrews and the Druids of the Celtics;
the duties of the Brahmans are laid out
in the Sanskrit holy writings known as
the Brahmanas and sutras. The sutras
state that animals should not be killed
except as offerings to the gods and in
extending “hospitality to guests” and that

aaa ——

“making gifts and receiving gifts” were the
sole responsibility of the Brahmans (a
religious labor union) - what the sutras
reveal is that the Brahmans were ori-
ginally a caste of priests who directed the
rituals of redistributive feasts sponsored
by “open-handed” Aryan chiefs and war-
lords.

Like priests and rulers throughout the
world, the Brahmans were not able to
keep up with the public demand for
animal protein, as a result the eating of
beef and other flesh became the privilege
of the nobles, high-caste Aryans and
Brahmans, while the lowly peasant,
lacking the authority or force of arms to
tax or confiscate another individuals
animals, had little choice but to conserve
their own livestock for traction /plowing
power, milk and manure production for
the fields.

Long after the ordinary peasant in
northern India had become vegetarians,
the Hindu nobles and upper castes
(eventually to become the most zealous
of the vegetarians) continued to consume
beef and other types of animal flesh with
great gusto. Mohandes Gandhi summed
it up when he said,” The Hindus
worshiped the cow, not because she gave
milk, but because she made agriculture
possible (by providing draft energy for
plowing and manure for soil con-
ditioning). On this same theme, Mao Tse-
tung made the following statement when
he addressed the masses in Hunan,”
Draught-oxen are a treasure to the
peasants. As it is practically a religious
tenet that “Those who slaughter cattle in
this life will themselves become cattle in
the next,” draught oxen must never be
killed. Before coming to power, the
peasants had no way of stopping the

424

| ees

slaughter of cattle except religious taboo.”

Toward 500 B.C., a number of new
religions challenged the sole right of the
Brahman caste to slaughter and consume
animal flesh and preside over rituals, of
these new religions, the most successful
were the Buddhists and the Jainists.
Founded in the sixth century B.C. by
“charismatic holy men,” both Buddhism
and Jainism outlawed caste distinctions
and hereditary priesthoods, made poverty
a precondition for spirituality, and
advocated personal communion with the
“spiritual essence of the universe”
through meditation rather than through
the sacrifice of animals - in their
condemnation of violence, war and
cruelty, and their compassion for animal
and human suffering, both of these
movements preceded these basic
elements of Christianity.

There are strict dietary rules of
Judaism and the evolution of those rules
which became part of Mohammedanism.
There are the religious rules of diet that
segregate people from people and caste
from caste.

Christianity features feast days and
days of fasting (abstinence and self-
denial) and the Sacrament of the Lord’s
Supper - very specifically there is Christ's
specific direction to his disciples to
mention bread in their daily prayers.

Across the mural of human history is
the awareness that man is dependent on
nature, the Earth and therefore God or
various pagan gods for the very food of
life:

In fact, it is not too fanciful to say that
in the beginning God created diet!! “ and
the Lord God Commanded the man,
saying, of every tree of the garden thou
mayest freely eat;

425

“But of the tree of the knowledge of
good and evil (hallucinatory plants), thou
shalt not eat of it; for in the day that thou
eatest thereof thou shall surely die.”

“We are part of the Earth and it is a
part of us... for all things are connected.”
-Chief Seattle

The “forbidden fruit,” as the tree of
knowledge of good and evil” was called
in modern translations of the bible is
generally thought to be sexual in nature.
However, early biblical translations
contend that the “forbidden fruit” was
just what the bible says it was - a food
that was unfit for man (a hallucinatory
plant).

It was, therefore, via dietary laws and
cultural food taboos that man in fact
gained “culture” and a knowledge of good
and evil, the consequences of wrong
action and literally “cause and effect.”
Such literal translations of the Book of
Genesis has been the core of Christian
culture for centuries and is thought to be
the root of the ancient German proverb
“Man ist was man isst” (man is what man
eats) - the belief that certain foods are
“unclean” and pollute the body, thus
making the body an unfit sanctuary for
the spirit has long been part of most
religious dogma.

The taboo on scavengers (hyenas,
vultures, shellfish, catfish, etc.),
carnivores (lions. dogs, hawks,etc.) and
garbage eaters (pigs, bears, etc.) appears
across the board in most faiths as does
the recommendations for the use of
“cleansing foods” such as fruits, grains
(bread) and blood (Christianity, Judaism,
Aztec Sun worshipers, etc.).

“Manna” was a food from God - a food

that became the mainstay of the Israelite
diet as they wandered the Sinai Desert
for 40 years. There were two reported
types of “manna,” one that “rained” from
heaven (pollen, locusts, etc.) and one that
sprang from the ground - the latter is
believed to have been a common desert
lichen of the genus Lecanora spp. which
in fact tastes like honey on a wheat
cracker. The lichen growing on the rock
would have been very rich in minerals as
lichens have enzymes that are capable of
extracting minerals from parent rock (this
Earthly lichen is still eaten in great
quantities by animals and humans).
There is anthropological evidence that
shows that many ancient dietary rules
came into being as a result of a crude
awareness of ecological limits (i.e.- the
taboos on meat consumption in India),
grain producing farm land was much more
valuable than rangeland as many people
could flourish on the amount of grain
required to feed one bull - there were
times in India when crops failed or when
cattle became too numerous and the
meat-taboo was temporarily lifted!!
Usually religious or cultural taboos on
food were designed to separate one caste
from another, as the priestly Brahman
caste was set apart from the
“untouchables” in India. Even in modern
Japan, the dietary limits of Shinto and the
strong influence of Buddhism, which
forbids killing for meat, reinforce the ideas
of caste, and the slaughterer and the
butcher are considered lower castes.
Fertility rites and folklore having to do
with the Earth’s bounty were an essential
part of the religion and mythology of
ancient Sumer and the epic of Gilgamesh.
So even before the written story of the

“Creation” was recorded in Genesis, the
abundance of the Earth was part of
human culture, legend and intercoursed
with human worship - food and directives
of diet as part of religious practice is in
the holy records ever since.
There are interesting parallels
between the Gilgamesh Epic and Genesis:
1) There is a man who builds a house
boat to save his family from a vast
flood (equivalent of Noah).
2) There is an Eden-like paradise and
a magic food to impart immortality.
3) There is a demon in the form of a
serpent that steals the magic food from
Gilgamesh making him vulnerable to
disease, decay (degenerative disease) and
death. In a parallel with the mythology
of ancient Greece, Gilgamesh bears a
distinct resemblance to the Greek hero
Hercules.

FASTING

Along with human gratitude for
abundance, there is the ever present need
for appeasement for mans “sins” in his
relationship with God. The practice of
fasting or severely restricting ones diet in
order to control the “desires of the flesh”
and purify and strengthen the spirit is as
old as religion itself. There were ancient
sects amongst the Jews who made
abstinence part of their basic doctrine -
the Essenes.

Prior to starting his ministry, Christ
retired to the desert wilderness, fasted
and prayed for 40 days and then with new
found strength was able to deny the
temptations of the devil.

Paul, in his first epistle to the
Corinthians, compares the athlete's life

426

PRR |)

and the Christian’s life. The word
“ascetic” is derived from the Greek word
for exercise and was intended to convey
the concept of the strict regimen, and
careful diet of the athlete. Asceticism has
ever since been thought to be the major
tool in the war against the “Seven Deadly
Sins”:

- Gluttony
Envy

. Pride

Sloth

. Covetousness
. Anger

. Lust

NAURONE

The Anchorite Christians chose to
wander the deserts of the Middle East and
Africa, eating only what could be found
in the desert. Present day Catholics, for
example have rules of abstinence for Lent,
even though they have given up the the
taboo on meat consumption on Fridays.
The Mormons fast the first Sunday of
each month and give the price of two
skipped meals to the poor.

Eastern faiths use fasting and diet to
reinforce the belief of the unity of all
things and in the eternal war against the
longings of the flesh and ego.

Qi and Vital Energy

In the Tao of China, diet has an
essential role, with specific food items and
herbs supplying the vital energy for
certain organs, which are intimately
involved with the “the vital life force” or
Qi: (See Table)

In Confucianism, dietary rules were
usually connected with ancestor worship
- when a man was about to pray and make

LIFEFORCE FOODS

Heart Fire Poultry,

Fish & Vegetables

Metal

Lungs

Poultry,
Fish & Vegetables
Water

Kidneys Poultry,

Fish & Vegetables

a sacrifice to the family spirits, he took
exceptional care to see that his diet was
ritually correct and proper.

The Hindus and Jainists of India
forbade the consumption of meat on the
concept of transmigration of souls
(reincarnation). No living creature could
be killed for meat as the soul inhabiting
the flesh and blood body could have been
or might be in the future the soul of a
man. The Jainists were so strict regarding
this taboo that they would ritualistically
inspect fruits, vegetables and nuts before
they ate them to assure themselves that
no bugs or worms were present.

Buddhism, which, has its origins in
India and then spread throughout all of
Asia, has strict taboos forbidding the
killing of animals - not about eating them!
Often the Buddhists dietary rules were
and still today are influenced by the
culture or country that adapted the
religion. Usually the only time meat-
eating per-se is strictly forbidden is during
rituals and vegetarian feasts.

In their early writings of the” Promised
Land,” the Israelites had the striking
imagery of a “land flowing with milk and
honey” (plenitude, efficient ecology and

427

dietary thought). Milk is the universal
symbol of abundant animal production
and it is near being a perfect food (except
for those who are allergic to it). Honey
conjures up a picture of lush and/or ripe
fields and blooming orchards as well as
being a form of pure food energy.

The Hebrew restrictions of Leviticus
and Deuteronomy are simple and straight
forward:

1) No meat of predators (Eagles, lions,
cats, dogs, etc.).

2) No meat from animals that do not
have cloven hooves or do not chew
a “cud.”

3) No meat from fish or invertebrates
that do not have fins and scales.

4) No meat from reptiles

5) No blood

6) No meat from flying things with four
legs (i.e.- bats, flying squirrels, etc.)

Later came the Jewish Talmud and the
“Hedge about the law” which was the
most strict and complex dietary laws in
religious history and were created to keep
the Jews identity while they were in
captivity in Egypt and later during the
great trek through the desert. The
Talmudic dietary laws are still observed
by many Jews - to a lesser degree, it has
been with all religions throughout human
history. Not only in primitive tribal
cultures, but also in the great religions of
Asia and the Middle East.

Also with Christianity - even after it
separated from Judaism and, in the book
of Mark, declared “all food good for man.”

HINDUS

In 1857, the British Empire brought

the new Enfield rifle to British-trained
native troops in Bengal, India. Among
those troops were Hindus known as
Sepoys. The Hindu troops soon learned
that the Enfield cartridge was coated with
animal fat for water-proofing and that the
end had to be bitten off before it was
chambered into the rifle. The Hindu
Sepoys put down their rifles and refused
to use them.

The British military tried to correct
their religious offense to the Hindus, but
it was too late the Sepoys, inflamed and
agitated by the local princes and nobles,
that had had their power eroded by the
British bureaucrats, mutinied. When the
mutiny was finally crushed a year later,
hundreds of people had been killed
including Sepoys, British soldiers and
British women and children.

A year before the Enfield uprising in
India, the first United States ambassador
to Japan had arrived on the other coast
of the Asian continent.

Ambassador Townsend Harris, set up
his official embassy in the Japanese
fishing village of Shimoda, just south of
Tokyo in the Izu Peninsula. After being
in Japan for a few months Harris had a
craving for beef steak so he ordered a cow
slaughtered and butchered - today there
is a memorial to that sacred cow in
Shimoda.

These two events of religious
transgression by a foreign power,
although separated by an enormous
stretch of the Asian Continent as well as
by vast differences in Asian cultures,
reveal the importance and weight of
religious diet codes - they also reveal the
complex and strange melding of the
different religions of the East.

428

Chicago Tribune, Wednesday, August 4, 1993

Obituaries

Rita Gara, 55;

By Kenan Heise
TRIBUNE STAFF WRITER

Rita Sieben Gara, 55, a psychiat-
ric nurse, was director of the
Himalayan Institute in Schaum-
burg, where she taught medita-
tion, yoga and stress manage-
ment.

A resident of Elk Grove Village,
she died Monday in her home.

“She was always learning some-
thing new and always helping
people,” her husband, John, said.
“She did things her way. Rita
worked for some time with peo-
ple burned out of their homes
and for low-income housing. She
went to India four or five times
to help on establishing a hospital
there and was going to go and
work there for some months after.
it would open. She helped raise
funds here to build the hospital.”

After her fifth child was born,
Mrs. Gara went to Northern Illi-
nois University, where she re-
ceived a bachelor’s degree in
nursing. She helped establish a
mental health program at
Westlake Community Hospital in
Melrose Park, served as an assis-
tant supervisor in the mental

taught meditation, yoga

Rita Sieben Gara (center) leading a meditation class at the

Himalyan Institute in Schaumburg,

health unit at Elmhurst Memorial
Hospital and was working part-
time as an out-patient therapist at
Alexian Brothers Hospital’s
Samaritan House.

She studied and taught yoga
and meditation for many years.
The hospital project in India was
connected to the Himalayan Insti-
tute of Glenview.

“You can't change the stress in
your life, so we teach people to

where she also taught yoga.

handle it,” she said of the institu-
te’s courses in a Tribune inter-
view in April.

Survivors, in addition to her
husband, include three sons,
Kevin, John and James; two
daughters, Julie and Mary
Nehlsen; three grandchildren; and
two sisters. A memorial mass will
be said at 10 a.m. Saturday in St.
Raymond Catholic Church, 311 S.
1-Oka Ave., Mt. Prospect.

429

weeeeeee> ||___

HINDU DIETARY RULES
From the Maitri Upanishad
(Hindu) Chapter 6

11- This, verily, is the highest form of
the soul, namely food; for truly this life
consists of food. For thus it has been said:
If one does not eat, he becomes a non-
thinker, a non-hearer, a non-toucher, a
non-seer, a non-speaker, a non-smeller,
non-taster and he lets go his vital breath.
(but) If, indeed one eats, he becomes well
supplied with life; he becomes a thinker;
he becomes a hearer; he becomes a
toucher; he becomes a speaker; he
becomes a taster; he becomes a smeller;
he becomes a seer, for thus it has been
said:

From food, verily, creatures are
produced, whatsoever dwell on the Earth.
Moreover by food, in truth they live.
Moreover into it also they freely pass.

There is considerable controversy on
the origin of the Hindu taboo against the
eating of meat, however, the exclusion of
meat from the diet appears to have begun
with the ancient agricultural cultures
which flourished about 2500 to 3000 B.C.
in the rich flood plains of the Indus River
- the origin of the names of India and the
Hindu faith. Anthropological and
archaeological evidence show that the
early people of India, the Dravidians,
revered the cow and prohibited its
slaughter. It is believed that the protection
of the cow by ancient peoples arose from
the simple fact that “one cows milk could
feed more people than one cow's meat!”

When famine struck because of a
burgeoning population or natural disaster
that severely damaged crops, then the
“believers” ate the cow's food and the cow.
Rather than having a deep understanding

of ecology, the limited ability of the land
to support ever growing populations and
feed efficiency, the ancient peoples of the
Indus Valley knew from horrible
experience that they were helpless before
the untamed forces of the flooding of
rivers and the Earth’s answer to
overpopulation (real or relative-then, now
and forever) is famine and starvation!!!
The religious peoples of India, therefore,
prohibited the consumption of meat in
times of plenty and returned to
consumption of meat during famine.

The ancient scriptures of the Hindus
were the Vedas - the Vedas indicated that
the Hindu masses liked and ate food of
all kinds - in fact the Vedic god Indra was
famous for his consumption of beef. The
word for guest in Sanskrit translates to,
“one for whom a cow is killed.” In
subsequent scriptures called Upani-
shads, it is written that, “through food
comes the end of all ignorance and
bondage.”

FROM THE VISHNU SUTRA
(Hindu) Chapter 51

72 - Reflecting upon the origin of flesh
and upon hunting or confining of
animated creatures, he must abstain from
animal food of any kind.

72 - He who transgresses not the law
and eats not flesh is beloved by men and
remains free from disease.

74 - He who gives his consent to the
killing of an animal, he who cuts it up, he
who kills it, the purchaser and the seller,
he who prepares it, he who serves it up,
and he who eats it, all these are
denominated slaughterers of an animal.

430

75 - There is no greater sinner than
he, who, without giving their share to the
manes and the gods, wants to increase
his own flesh with the flesh of another
creature.

76 - Those two, he who performs a
horse-sacrifice annually for a hundred
years and he who does not eat meat, shall
both obtain the same recompense for their
virtue.

77 - By eating sacred fruits or roots,
and by living upon such grains as are the
food of hermits, a man does not reap so
high a reward as by avoiding meat.

Hinduism as it evolved from 1500 B.C.
became extremely complex, with untold
numbers of gods and hundreds if not
thousands of sects - it became the very
soul of the devote; to the Hindu, all things
in the great cycle of creation and death
have deep significance. Some Hindu sects
(Dravidians) were vegetarians and
forbade the consumption of meat, other
Hindu sects ate beef when it was
available, some ate asses, dogs and
vultures, others ate snakes, lizards and
scorpions - some Hindu sects were in fact
cannibals!!

According to the ancient Ayruvedic
medical writings there were therapeutic
foods - flesh being for a persons flesh,
bone the raw material for bone, blood for
blood and brains for brains, and
aphrodisiac foods - rhinoceros flesh and
horn being the ultimate therapy for the
impotent.

A modern day incorporation of
Ayruvedic dietary law is the weight control
program of Dr. Deepak Chopra.
According to Ayruvedic dietary rules, your

personal body type is the best guide to
how and what you should eat, exercise
programs and even decision making.
Ayruvedic dietary law has organized this
information into a system of
psychophysiological body types (“prakiti”
from Sanskrit, a term that translates to
“essential nature”).

Chopra employs the three “doshas”
(mind-body principles that govern the
flow of intelligence through your body) -
Vata, Pitta and Kapha, each is tied to
elements in nature (minerals) as a
ecosystem. Find out your body type and
you will know which dosha _ is the most
dominant feature of your own physiology.
Nature needs all three doshas (90
nutrients) to build and maintain the
human flesh, however, each individual
contained different levels of each dosha.
Only rare individuals are classed as pure
Vata, Pitta or Kapha types ( able to be a
vegan or pure carnivore). Frequently two
doshas blend to characterize a person’s
physiology, and on rare occasion all three
are found in equal amounts in one
individual.

Doshas are the Ayruvedic version of
genetic potential for health and longevity
- they are a “kind of fate,” however, only
in the positive sense. The correct
identification and appreciation of your
mind-body type gives you access to your
genuine nature and to your healthy,
beautiful, perfectly balanced self.

According to Chopra diets that impose
stress on your dosha or physiology by
cutting off its natural inclinations invite
rebellion - deep hunger, slowed
metabolism and even disease. Instead, by
understanding and heeding the needs of
your body type, you can know what your
real hunger level is, when to eat, and

431

Beets

which foods are best. People who are
overweight frequently have an imbalance
of Kapha, perhaps accompanied by
imbalances in the other doshas (for
instance, an imbalance in Vatta or Pitta
can lead to nervous or compulsive eating).
Those foods that are light, dry, warm, or
spicy, bitter and astringent (plant derived
colloidal minerals) reduce Kapha.

As a rule of thumb eat hot cooked
foods, especially vegetables and grains,
rather than cold foods:

DAIRY- boil low fat milk, drink warm.

FRUIT- apples, pomegranates
and cranberries.

SWEETENERS- Cold honey.
BEANS- all beans are good.

GRAINS- (give up wheat) use barley,
corn, millet, buckwheat and rye.

SPICES- all spices are good.

VEGETABLES-all vegetables
and sprouts are good.

MEAT AND FISH-try to keep two
days a week meatless.

FATS-Deep fried foods are out.
DRINKS-water and juices, no
carbonated drinks. Herbal tea

and decaffeinated coffee.

SOUPS- eat liquefied diet one day
each week.

DRINK HOT WATER- frequently
throughout the day.
BUDDHISM

Buddha (Siddartha Gautama), the
Enlightened One came during the sixth
century - Hinduism and all greater and
lesser religions in all of Asia would never
be the same. The evolution in India was
based on the doctrine of non-injury to
any living creature - this doctrine was
supported and reinforced during the sixth
century by a prophet called Nataputta
(Mahavira -the Great One) or Jina (the
Conquerer) by his followers - the Jainists.

Buddhism flourished in the south of
India and Jainism flourished in the north.
The Jainists were regarded as zealots of
the doctrine of non-injury - they would
ceremoniously examine everything they
ate to ensure that they were not
inadvertently swallowing any worms or
insects, they would strain their water
before drinking it or cooking with it - both
Jainists and Buddhist monks carried
strainers along with their begging bowls.

The ultra devote Jainists wore masks
over their face and nose to ensure that
they would not inhale tiny creatures and
thereby injuring them - the devote of the
devote would not eat particular root
vegetables because they were identified
as having “two senses” and therefore
were a “higher form of life.” Such belief
dove-tailed perfectly with the Hindu
doctrine of the transmigration of souls
(reincarnation) - every living soul could
eventually be or could have been a
human soul.

The Hindus originally believed they
were helpless in the great scheme of
things and if they killed it was their

432

“Karma” - it was their destiny; however,
the non-injury doctrine, more specifically
Buddhism modified the fatalistic
acceptance of “Karma.” Buddhism
affected all of the religions of Asia as sure
as all religions of Asia modified

Buddhism. This spiritual and dietary
doctrine was to sweep through Asia - an
epic in mans dietary rules.

The concept of caste enforced by the
Brahman priests in India and reinforced
by the restrictions of diet was tolerated

DOSHA NAME: VATA

WHAT IT DOES

Related to air. Controls all movement in the body, including vocal cords as you speak, the
movement of thought, the movement of blood through your heart. Qualities of Vata are dry,
cold, light and, above all, changeable. In balance , maintains energy, motion, respiration. Out
of balance, brings about dehydration, coldness and emotional instability.

WHAT IT LOOKS/FEELS LIKE

Vata-type people have a light, thin build. They perform activities quickly but tire easily. They
may have irregular hunger and digestion, and their sleep is often light and interrupted. Usually
enthusiastic, vivacious and imaginative, their emotions can change quickly, and under stress
may be transformed into anxiety. In general, Vata people are unpredictable. Since Vata goes
out of balance more easily than the other doshas, it’s important to create stability and regularity
in habits. Impulsive eating is especially evident when under stress. In extreme cases, when
Vata becomes seriously unbalanced, any calories taken in are used up by nervous energy
and chaotic activity, and nothing gets stored as fat. This may seem appealing to a person
who’s over weight, but it’s definitely not a healthy state of affairs. In deep stages of imbalance,
muscle tissue may even begin to waste away.

BEST DIET

Take meals on a regular schedule and be sure to select a balanced variety of foods. Avoid
cold food and drink, which will immediately unbalance the dosha; emphasize heavy, hearty
foods like stews, breads and warm desserts that have a settling and comforting effect.
Thoroughly cook almost everything so that it is easier to digest; raw fruits and vegetables
should make up only a small part of a Vata-balancing diet.

DOSHA NAME: PITTA

WHAT IT DOES

Related to fire. Controls metabolism and digestion. In balance, Pitta accurately regulates
hunger, thirst, heat and the acuity of intelligence. Aggravated, Pitta can bring on sensations of
anger, frustration and extreme hunger.

WHAT IT LOOKS/FEELS LIKE
Pitta people are usually of medium build, with average levels of strength and endurance.
They are fair in appearance, with ruddy, often freckled skin. Hunger and thirst are felt very

433

sharply. They have strong digestions and hate to skip meals. The basic theme of the Pitta
type is intensity. Characteristics include sharp-witted, outspoken, bold, argumentative or
jealous; when in balance , pittas are warm and ardent in their emotions. It is very Pitta to feel
ravenously hungry if dinner is half an hour late, to live by the watch, to walk with a determined
stride. Convinced their robust digestion can handle anything, Pitta types tend to overeat,
causing their dosha to go out of balance and spurring stomach and intestinal pain, heartburn
and even ulcers. The self-discipline of a Pitta can make losing a few pounds or sticking to an
exercise regimen extremely easy. But if Pittas become unbalanced, the compulsion to self-
destruct can become powerful; there can be alcohol abuse or chronic overeating, as well as
clinical eating disorders, which can develop if Pitta anger turns inward in the form of guilt.

BEST DIET

Eat moderately. Avoid eating when angry or emotional, and try to take meals in relaxed
settings that will create the proper mood. Eating outdoors amid the beauty of nature is
especially good. Pittas benefit from cold drinks and salads. Avoid spicy or very hot food and
keep meat a relatively minor part of the diet. Pittas are well suited to a vegetarian diet, and
they can thrive on fresh, unprocessed foods.

DOSHA NAME: KAPHA

WHAT IT DOES

Derives from water and earth. Controls the structure of the body, even down to the cellular
level. Maintains strength and physical form through the bones, muscles and tendons. Out of
balance, it can cause congestive illnesses such as colds and flu, and is principally responsible
for conditions of overweight.

WHAT IT LOOKS/FEELS LIKE

Kapha people are of solid build, with great physical endurance and strength. They move
slowly and gracefully. Their skin is cool, smooth and pale. Their digestion is slow and hunger
mild. Kapha tend to be tranquil personalities. Their sleep is heavy and prolonged, and they
tend toward obesity. Usually affectionate, tolerant and forgiving, under stress they can become
possessive and complacent. The basic Kapha theme is relaxed. As a rule, Kaphas enjoy
sound health. But they seek emotional comfort sometimes from eating and many Kaphas
have been struggling with their weight throughout their lives. Face the fact that a Kapha body
does not conform to the media’s ideal of a hyper-thin build, yet this in no way implies a lack
of beauty or any inferiority. Kapha’s digestion and metabolism are inherently slow, and Kaphas
tend to lose weight more rapidly. But Ayurveda teaches that a balanced body is never
overweight; once Kapha types stabilize, they will naturally return to their ideal weight.

BEST DIET

Avoid ice cream, butter, milk, desserts and other high-fat and very sweet foods, including
anything fried or oily. Choose light, warm food instead. Most important, eat only when you're
hungry, not just because it’s mealtime or food is available. In fact, most Kaphas can benefit
from fasting one day a week, during which they take only fruit juices or skim milk. This will
result in greater energy and alertness .

434

[ weeeeeeee |

aa

A TEST TO DETERMINE YOUR AYRUVEDIC BODY TYPE (from CHOPRA)
Mark 0 to 6 for each question or statement according to how it rates with you.

(0 - does not apply; 3 - applies sometimes; 6 - bulls-eye).

SECTION 1: VATA

1. 1 am not good at memorizing things
and remembering them later.

2. | have a thin physique and don’t gain
weight very easily.
3. My characteristic gait while walking
is light and quick.

4. [tend to have difficulty making
decisions.

5. | tend to develop gas and become
constipated easily.
6. | tend to have cold hands and feet.

7. | become anxious or worried fre-
quently.,
8.1 speak quickly and my friends think
I'm talkative.__

9. My moods change easily and | am
somewhat emotional by nature. __
10. I often have difficulty falling asleep
or getting a good night’s sleep. __
11. My skin tends to be very dry, espe-
cially in winter.

12. My movements are quick and
active; my energy tends to come in
bursts.

13. | am easily excitable.

14. I tend to be irregular in my eating
and sleeping habits.

15. | learn quickly, but I also forget
quickly.

VATASCORE

SECTION 2: PITTA

1. In my activities, | tend to be extreme-
ly precise and orderly.

2. | am strong-minded and have a some-
what forceful manner.. -
3. I tend to perspire easily..
4. If I skip a meal or a meal is delayed, |
become uncomfortable.

5. One or more of the following charac-
teristics describes my hait: early graying
or balding; thin, fine, straight; blonde,
red or sandy-colored.

6, I have a strong appetiti want to, I
can eat quite a large quantity.

7. 1am very regular in my bowel
habits—it would be more common for
me to have loose stools than to be con-
stipated.

8. I become impatient very easily. ___
9. 1 get angry quite easily, but then I
quickly forget about it.
10. 1 am very fond of cold foods, such as
ice cream, and also ice-cold drinks. _
11. Lam more likely to feel that a room
is too hot than too cold.

12. I don’t tolerate foods that are very
hot and spicy.

13. ] am not as tolerant of disagreement
as I should be.

14. | enjoy challenges; and when I want
something, | am very determined in my
efforts to get it.
15. 1 tend to be quite critical of others
and also of myself.

PITTASCORE

SECTION 3: KAPHA

1. My natural tendency is to do things
ina slow and relaxed fashion.

2. | gain weight more easily than most
people and lose it more slowly.

3. | can skip meals easily without any
significant discomfort.

4, [have a tendency toward excess
mucus or phlegm, chronic congestion,
asthma or sinus problems.
5.1 must get at least eight hours of sleep
in order to be comfortable the next day.
6.1 sleep very deeply.

7. 1am calm by nature and not easily
angered.

8.1 don’t learn as quickly as some peo-
ple, but I have excellent retention and a
long memory.

9, Weather that is cool and damp both-
ers me.

10. My hair is thick, dark and wavy.

TI. Thave smooth, soft skin with a
somewhat pale complexion.
12. Ihave a large, solid body build.

13. I have very good stamina and physi-
cal endurance as well as a steady level of
energy.

14. ] generally walk with a slow, mea-
sured gait.

15. 1 am a slow eater and am slow and
methodical in my actions.

KAPHA SCORE

Now you can determine your body type.
Although there are only three doshas, Ayurveda
combines them in ten ways to arrive at ten body
types.

¢ If one score is much higher than the
others, you are probably a single-dosha type,
i.e., either Vata, Pitta or Kapha.

You are definitely a single-dosha type if one
score is twice as high as another dosha score, but a
smaller margin also applies. In single-dosha types,
the characteristics of Vata, Pitta or Kapha are very
evident. Your next-highest dosha will still show up
in your natural tendencies, but it will be much less
distinct.

435

¢ If no single dosha dominates, you are a
two dosha type, i.c., Vata-Pitta or Pitta-Vata;
Pitta-Kapha or Kapha-Pitta; or Vata-Kapha or
Kapha-Vata.

If you are a two-dosha type, the traits of your
two leading doshas will predominate. The higher
One comes first in your body type, but both count.
A Pitta-Vata type, for example, might have a score
like this: Vata=55, Pitta=65, Kapha=15.

¢ If your three scores are nearly equal, you
may be a three dosha type, i.e., Vata-Pitta-
Kapha.

This type is rare. Check your answers, or have
a friend go over them with you.

PELERLLED

CREED

by Buddhism - Buddhism did not teach
the concept of reincarnation but did teach
the concept of “Karma.” It also teaches
that the journey to the “perfect state” of
non-being includes a cycle of death and
rebirth taking into account different levels
or castes of human development. In
Hinduism, an individuals level of
development or caste was ultimately due
to his “Karma” - fate controlled his life
and his acts. The early Brahmans did not
view the killing of animals for food as
sinful - they in fact abhorred
vegetarianism as it was practiced by the
“less civilized” natives of southern India.
The irresistible force of Buddhism over
1,000 years changed the liberal laws for
the consumption of meat - Hindu
scriptures made it a canon law - anyone
who eats flesh or causes a cow to be
slaughtered will “rot in hell for as many
years as there are hairs on the cow.”

FROM THE DHAMMAPADA
(a canonical Buddhist text)

Destroying living beings, killing,
cutting, binding, stealing, speaking
falsehood, fraud and deception, worthless
reading, intercourse with another man’s
wife - this is Amagandha (what defiles a
person), but not the eating of flesh.

Those persons who in this world are
unrestrained in sensual pleasures, greedy
of sweet things (pica), associated with
what is impure, skeptics, unjust, difficult
to follow - this is Amagangha, but not the
eating of flesh.

Those who are rough, harsh,
backbiting, treacherous, merciless,
arrogant, and do not give anything to
anyone - this is Amagandha, but not the
eating of flesh.

Anger, intoxication, obstinacy,
bigotry, deceit, envy, grandiloquence,
pride and conceit, intimacy with the
unjust - this is Amagandha, but not the
eating of flesh.

Those who in this world are wicked,
and such as do not pay their debts, are
slanderers, false in their dealings,
counterfeiters, those who in this world
being the lowest of men commit sin - this
is Amagandha, but not the eating of flesh.

Food could not be prepared or served
or touched by members of the lower
castes. If even the shadow of an
untouchable, a member of the lowest
caste, crossed over food, it was polluted
and uneatable. There were dietary laws
that had the direct effect of stopping
disease:

1) Food left sitting overnight
was a taboo.

2) Food touched by the foot or
skirt hem was forbidden.

3) Food sniffed by an animal
or another human was forbidden.

4) Food contaminated by hair, insects
or mouse droppings was forbidden.

CHINESE RELIGIONS:

China is another example of an Asian
country where Buddhism had a deep
influence on the dietary practices over a
long period of time and then faded away.
The Chinese ate anything (and still do)
that could be made to taste good or please
the eye including dogs and rats
(“household deer”). Pork is the meat of
China - the Chinese word for pork and

436

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 1, 1994 - USA TODAY

5,300-year-old ‘Ice Man’
had modern-day ailments

The Associated Press

CHICAGO — The 5,300-year-
old “Ice Man,” whose well-pre-
served body was discovered in
a glacier three years ago, had
the same kind of aches and
pains as we do, researchers re-
ported Wednesday.

Arthritis. Hardening of the
arteries. Broken ribs.

“It’s really not much differ-
ent from modern man,” said
William Murphy Jr., who re-
ported on the medical miseries
of the mummy at the annual
meeting of the Radiological So-
ciety of North America.
“There are just very impres-
sive similarities.”

Researchers believe the gap-
toothed ice man — dubbed
“Otzi” because he was found in

a a

Italy’s Otzval Valley — was 25
to 40 when he died.

But he already had devel-
oped osteoarthritis in his neck,
lower back and one hip.

And calcium deposits were
discovered in the blood vessels
of Otzi's chest, pelvis and neck,
indicating heart disease
stalked the Stone Age man de-
spite a rigorous existence.

He also had fractured ribs.

“It’s the kind of thing that...
certainly would have sent mod-
em man to the emergency
room,” Murphy said.

Murphy is part of a team at
the University of Innsbruck,
Austria, examining the mum-
my with X-ray technology.

Oti is the best-preserved
European from an age 4,000 to
6,000 years ago. The body is

ST.LOUIS POST-DISPATCH

Sad

University of Texas via AP
‘OTZI’: Ice man had arthritis,
hardening of the arteries

stored in a freezer in Inns-
bruck, and researchers are al-
lowed to work on it only 30
minutes at a time to prevent
deterioration.

TUESDAY, AUGUST 31, 1993

Buddhists Enshrine Panchen Lama’s Body, 4 Years After Death

BEIJING (AP) — The body of the
second-highest leader of Tibetan
Buddhism was enshrined Monday
more than four years after he died.

The Panchen Lama died Jan. 28,
1989, after a heart attack at age 50,
His body had been stored in Xigaze,
southwest of the Tibetan capital of
Lhasa, while a shrine was built.

In a ceremony Monday, the Pan-
chen Lama’s body, wrapped in yellow
satin, was taken by car to the newly
completed structure, the Xinhua
News Agency reported.

A more elaborate ceremony is
planned next month to mark the for-

mal inauguration of the three-story
shrine and memorial palace, which
together cost $11 million to build, the
report said.

The Panchen Lama was the high-

est-ranking Tibetan Buddhist leader
in China. The Dalai Lama, the faith’s
top leader, has lived in exile since a
failed Tibetan revolt in 1959 against
Chinese rule.

437

eee

the Chinese word for meat are almost the
same. Milk and dairy are totally omitted
from the Chinese dietary habit (many
Chinese lack the enzyme lactase needed
to digest milk sugar after they are two
years of age).

Buddhism infiltrated China during the
Han dynasty (206-220 A.D.) - when it
arrived the Buddhist monks found that
Confucianism and Taoism were already
well established in China; the Great Wall
had already been built to prevent grain
raids in the northern plains of China by
the Mongolians; government was
totalitarian and bureaucratic and directed
by the semi-official religion
(Confucianism); the emperor was
supreme under heaven and the family was
the basis of social rules and personal
ethics.

When the Chinese of the Han dynasty
worshiped it was to their ancestral family
that they prayed and their dietary rules
were limited to those times of prayer (i.e.-
food that made the “breath obnoxious”
to the ancestors was looked down upon -
pork for example: flossing would help
here).

Initially Buddhism had a hard time in
China because it was considered barbaric,
“otherworldly” and “unfilial.” Buddhism
also had an affinity for Taoism, which was
“otherworldly” in the extreme. Tao was
the highly metaphysical “way” of the
mythical teacher Lao-tzu. He was said to
have been born about the same time as
as Buddha; there were enough similarities
between the two prophets that Buddha
according to the Chinese was Lao-Tzu
reincarnate!!

The Taoist “way” to the “ecstatic union
with the eternal course of nature and the
attainment of bodily immortality”

involved mental and physical disciplines
- including the use of the “right kinds of
foods.”

FROM “DIRECTORY FOR A DAY”:
(a Taoist text from Zah Yung King)

Upon partaking of the mysterious
Taoist elixirs: The true powers of the five
elements (Fire, Water, Air, Earth and
Wood) unite and form the boat-like cup
of jade. The body seems to be full of
delicious harmony. This spreads like the
unguent of the chrismal rite on the head.
Walking, resting, sitting, sleeping, the
man feels his body flexible as the wind,
and his belly a sound like that of thunder.
His ears hear the songs of the immortals,
that needs no aid from any instrument;
vocal without words, and resounding
without the drum. The spirit and the
breath effect a union and the bloom of
childhood returns.

The Taoist had special diets and foods
that nourished vital organs of the body,
and those vital organs were in turn related
to the vital elements of the universe - the
body was an ecosystem whose parts were
the equivalent of the parts of the universe
and the body was inhabited by the same
gods that inhabit the universe
(additionally, when the proper spiritual
and physical perfection and balance had
been achieved, the individual could
“ascend into heaven in broad daylight.”).

The complicated dietary programs and
the use of herbs, exercise, breathing
techniques and meditation are found in
an ancient Taoist text that could have
been influenced by Hindu Yoga. Taoist
alchemists believed that immortality

438

Ed

could be attained by consuming an elixir
of “potable” gold (gold mixed with
cinnabar or “quick silver”). Taoist
herbalists assembled the first written
collection of mineral and herbal
“pharmaceuticals.”

Resisted by the Confucianists and
Buddhists, Taoism modified the stiffness
of Confucianism and injected an element
of metaphysics into Buddhism. Taoism
helped develop the Buddhist monastic life
in China, Tibet, Korea and Japan; and it
directly influenced the Chinese Buddhist
sect of Ch’an, which evolved into the Zen
of Japan.

Following the collapse and the
fragmentation of the Han dynasty into
several small territories ruled by warlords,
Buddhism enjoyed its greatest popularity
in China; however, even with its moderate
approach to life and dietary laws as
suggested by the Buddhist Middle View,
China never accepted Buddhism as the
one path of diet or religion.

The Buddhist approach to meat eating
is a dichotomy - meat is not actually
forbidden (their approach to diet was
similar to that of the early Christians: it
was not so much what a man ate, but what
he does and what he is that makes him
good or evil) - yet there was a law against
killing animals for meat. Buddhism’s
dietary quirks left their mark on the
Chinese culture, just as it did throughout
Asia.

There were vegetarian feasts that still
were celebrated in China up to 1947 when
Mao’s Communists took over power. The
vegetarian feasts were celebrations of
various events in the small village
communities such as_ birthdays,
weddings, completion of a temple, etc.
Many of the Buddhists vegetarian feasts

were huge affairs with hundreds or
thousands of guests - one emperor
reportedly held a vegetarian feast for
1,000 monks who “had interceded with
the gods and brought rain to parched
fields,” another held a vegetarian feast for
10,000.

JAPAN -SHINTO & ZEN

Buddhism arrived in Japan in the sixth
century A.D. with very good timing - just
before the Japanese court and nobles
deliberately imported Chinese cultural
refinements of music, spices, recipes and
sport. Classical Chinese was adopted for
the language of the academic, warrior and
upper classes along with Confucianism
and Taoism.

The original religion of Japan, Shinto,
was the worship of nature, with each
family or clan praying to “their deity,”
much like the patron saints of of the
Catholics. About the same time the
Japanese emperor was elevated to a
descendant of the Sun Goddess and
Shinto became interlocked with the
political state of Japan. For the society at
large, Shinto, and it’s relationship to the
state reinforced the concept of caste with
the Samari warrior class and the ruling
nobles on the highest rungs of society. The
Buddhism that was imported from China
was blended with Shinto and this mixture
persists today.

In Shinto, the mysterious essence of
the universe, the originator of all creation,
is referred to as Kami - both physical and
spiritual purification is mandatory.
During festivals of thanksgiving at Shinto
shrines in the Spring and Fall, special
food offerings are made (i.e.- rice, rice
cakes, sake, fish, vegetables and birds of

439

EES

various types).

In ancient Shinto festivals, the people
offering the food ate the food in order to
be in communion with Kami - no animal
was offered because of the laws against
shedding of blood on the sacred grounds
of the shrine. The concept followed in
Shinto that the butchers task of killing,
letting blood and butchering changed his
very soul and that his tarnished nature
was indeed inherited by his children and
was even considered a communicable sin
- as this Shinto belief became rooted
amongst the nobles of Japan they began
to exclusively eat fish as their source of
animal protein.

The tea ceremony originated with Zen
- wherever practiced, the highly ritualized
tea ceremony has religious connections.
The tea room is usually built so that a
person has to enter on his knees and this
posture of piety contributes to the event
- only recently has the tea ceremony
become a ritualized social event.

One of the priests who brought Zen
to Japan wrote a book, “Rules for
Improving One’s Health Through Tea
Drinking.” In Zen monasteries great
emphasis is directed toward eating fully
ripened seasonal foods that the monks
produced themselves and local foods
such as buds, flowers, leaves and wild
sprouts. Rice, soy beans and sesame
seeds are part of the staple diet of the
Zen monasteries - fish and meat are
taboo. Monks living near the coasts eat
more sea vegetables and kelp than
anyone in the world yet live little longer
than someone consuming a Western diet.

A modern Japanese nutritionist who
analyzed the monastic diets of Shinto and
Zen monks reported that “ 1 was most
surprised by the (high) amount of natural

salts (minerals) ...I discovered.”

JUDAISM
“a diet for the Chosen People”

Ancient Judaic law looked upon
dietary transgressions as the highest of
sins. It is a written fact that many of the
conquerors of the Holyland (i.e.-
Babylonians, Syrians, the Greeks and
Alexander the Great, the Romans, the
Turks and the British) attempted to force
the Jews to abandon their ancient religion
and eat forbidden and “unclean” foods.
Jews accepted torture and were even
killed rather than break the food laws.

Josephus recorded that during the time
of the Romans, the Essenes, a rebellious
sect of the Jews were put to every form of
torture:

“They were racked and twisted,
burned and broken and made to pass
through every instrument of torture in
order to induce them to blaspheme their
lawgivers and to eat some forbidden thing.
Yet they refused to yield to either demand,
not even once did they cringe to the
persecutor or shed a tear.

Smiling in their agonies, mildly
deriding their tormentors, they cheerfully
resigned their souls, confident that they
would receive them back.”

FROM THE OLD TESTAMENT
Leviticus Chapter 7

22 - And the Lord spoke unto Moses,
Saying: Speak unto all the children of
Israel, saying:

Ye shall eat no fat of ox or sheep or
goat. And the fat of that which is torn by
beasts, may be used for any other service;

440

ES

USA TODAY : MONDA’

Lubavitch
legend dies
at age 92

By Keith Greenberg
Special for USA TODAY

BROOKLYN, N.Y. — Thou-
sands of followers of Rabbi
Menachem Mendel Schneer-
son honored the legendary
leader of Judaism's ultra-Or-
thodox Lubavitch sect follow-
ing his Sunday death.

Followers thought Schneer-
son, 92, was the Messiah, and
many celebrated immediately
after word of his death by eat-
ing fruit and drinking beer in
the streets, firm in their belief
that a resurrected rebbe would
lead them to Israel.

After a frenetic day, follow-
ers interred Schneerson’s pine
coffin in a small granite mau-
soleum in a Queens cemetery.

His death came three
months after a massive stroke
confined him to a hospital bed.
As the faithful gathered in
front 6f Lubavitch headquar-
ters in Crown Heights, many
could not accept the news.

“He didn’t die,” insists &
year-old Yehuda Moskowitz,
who came here with his par-
ents from New Haven, Conn.
“He will come back to us.”

About 12 bearded men in
black danced in agreement.

“Our books teach us that
there will come a time when
the soul of our Moshiach (Mes-
siah) goes into the heavenly
realms,” says an overjoyed
Daniel Karsai, 17. “That time is
now. Soon the soul will re-enter
the body of our Moshiach.”

Others were less optimistic.

“As much as we believe the
Messiah is coming soon, this
just makes it harder now,” says
rabbinical student Eliezer Se-
hach, 21. “We didn’t think he
would pass away.”

By Mike Albans, AP
SCHNEERSON: Believed by
some followers to be the Mes-
siah, many of whom insist his
resurrection is near.

441

but ye shall in no wise eat of it. For
whosoever eateth the fat of the beast, of
which men present an offering made by
fire unto the Lord, even the soul that
eateth it shall be cut off from his people.
and ye shall eat no manner of blood,
whether it be of fowl or of beasts, in any
of your dwellings, whosoever it be that
eateth any blood, that soul shall be cut
off from his people.

The basic dietary laws found in the
Old Testament book of Genesis, Leviticus
and Deuteronomy are simple and straight
forward:

All fruits and vegetables are for the
use of man. Animals (used for food) must
be herbivorous (plant eaters - not meat
eaters) and they must have cloven hooves
and chew a “cud.” (i.e.- cows, buffalo,
goats, sheep, oxen, deer and antelope) -
this does not include pigs, which have
cloven hooves but do not chew their “cud”
or camels which chew their “cud” but do
not have cloven hooves.

FROM THE OLD TESTAMENT
Leviticus Chapter 11

1 - And the Lord spoke unto Moses
and Aaron, saying unto them: Speak unto
the children of Israel, saying:

These are the living things which ye
may eat among all the beasts that are on
the Earth. Whatever parteth the hoof, and
is wholly cloven-footed, and cheweth the
cud, among the beasts, that may ye eat.
Nevertheless these shall ye not eat of
them that only chew the cud, or them that
only part the hoof: the camel because he
cheweth the cud but parteth not the hoof,
he is unclean to you.

And the rock-badger, because he

cheweth the cud but parteth not the hoof,
he is unclean to you. And the hare,
because she cheweth the cud but parteth
not the hoof, she is unclean to you. And
the swine, because he parteth the hoof
and is cloven-footed, but cheweth not the
cud, he is unclean to you. Of their flesh
ye shall not eat, and their carcasses ye
shall not touch; they are unclean to.you.

9 - These may ye eat of all that are in
the waters: whatsoever hath fins and
scales in the waters, in the seas, and in
the rivers, them may ye eat.

All predators, animals, or birds were
prohibited as food; birds not predators
(fowl) were fit to eat. All reptiles,
amphibians and all aquatic species that
did not have both scales or fins were
taboo. Some locusts and crickets were
allowed for food but all other swarming
animals (bats) were taboo.

The Pentateuch (the first five books
of the Old Testament which made up the
Torah) expressly forbade the
consumption of blood and the cooking
of a kid or lamb by boiling it alive in it’s
mothers milk.

The “fence” or “hedge” devised by the
rabbis evolved around the dietary law
after the “children of Israel” had arrived
at the “promised land” under the
stewardship of Moses; lived there for
almost five centuries; had split into two
kingdoms (Israel in the north and Judah
in the south); and had again been
conquered and carried off in chains into
bondage - the Israelites by the Syrians
and the Jews of Judah by the Babylonians.

The “hedge” was made up of a series
of oral codes called the Misnah and
eventually rabbinical editorials on the
teachings called the Gemara - these oral
laws or the “hedge” became dogma, then

442

Ed

eventually gained the status of law and
made up the Jewish Talmud.

“Unclean meat” was forbidden, so was
clean meat if not properly killed and
prepared (Kosher). The rules, law and
ritual of the slaughter and preparation
were so strict that they had to be carried
out by a licensed expert - he must assure
all of the blood has been drained from the
carcass, that there are no defects or
disease in any organ:

1) No missing organs

2) No punctured organ walls

3) No missing limbs

4) No injuries related to the
animal's death

5) No infections

6) No fertile eggs

7) No blood-spot eggs

The Koshering of meat includes salting
(preservation in the desert) or roasting,
this includes the type of salt (assured trace
minerals from certain types of salt). On
the eve of the Sabbath, the meat may be
soaked in salt brine for 30 minutes instead
of one hour. Cooking meat and milk
together is forbidden; even separate sets
of cooking and eating utensils for meat
and milk are required.

FROM THE OLD TESTAMENT
Leviticus Chapter 11

20 - All winged swarming things that
go about on all fours (bats) are a
detestable thing unto you. Yet these may
ye eat of all winged swarming things that
go upon all fours, which have jointed legs
above their feet (locusts), wherewith to
leap upon the earth; even these of them
ye may eat; locusts after its kinds, and the

cricket after its kinds, and the grasshopper
after its kinds.

23 - But all winged swarming things,
which have four feet (bats), are a
detestable thing unto you.

27 - And whatsoever goeth upon its
paws (dogs, cats, lions, etc.), amongst all
beasts that go on all fours, they are
unclean unto you; who so toucheth their
carcass shall be unclean until even. And
he that beareth the carcass of them shall
wash his clothes, and be unclean until
the even; and they are unclean unto you.

The great numbers of modern day Jews
are from one or another of two groups that
split and went different directions during
the Diaspora (dispersal). The Ashkenazic
Jews who went to Eastern Europe and
then spread to all of Europe and to North
and South America - these are the
“Yiddish” speaking Jews.

Secondly, there were the Jews who
associated with the Arabs of the Middle
East and spread to Asia, Africa and
Southern Europe. The Jews who were
associated with the spread of Islam into
Southern Europe are called Sephardic
(Spanish) Jews. They created the Ladino
language which like “yiddish” is written
in Hebrew characters. There are dozens
of sub-groups or sects of Jews, whose
dietary habits relate to their geographical
origins (i.e.- Russian Jews, Lithuanian
Jews, Balkan Jews, European Jews,
American Jews, Arab Jews, etc.) and on
their level of adherence to ancient Hebrew
dietary law (Orthodox, Conservative,
Reform, Traditionalists and non-
religious).

Sephardic diets use spices, olive oil,
rice and lamb, while the Ashkenazic diets

443

_THE NEW YORK TIMES OBITUARIES tuurspay, DEC

GrandA yatollahAliAraki,
Senior Shiite Cleric, Is Dead

By YOUSSEF M. IBRAHIM

Spectal to The New York Times.

PARIS, Nov. 30 — Grand Ayatol-
Jah Ali Araki, who was considered to.
be the world’s most eminent Shiite
Muslim cleric, died Tuesday in Tehe-
ran, plunging the religious and politi-
cal establishment into a debate over:
the choice of a successor.

The holder of his title of supreme
guide and Marjaa Taqlid, which
means source of emulation, is in a
position to challenge the Iranian
Government on religious as well as
policy matters.

Ayatollah Araki was widely
viewed among Shiites as the su-
preme authority on theological af-
fairs only. He stayed out of politics,
Jeaving that function to Ayatollah Ali
Khamenei, who holds the title of the
supreme leader of the Iranian revo-
lution and who served for eight years
as President of Iran.

Iranian Government radio said
Ayatollah Araki “'bade farewell to.
the living world after a long illness
despite the efforts of doctors.”’ He
was admitted to the intensive care
unit in Teheran Hospital three weeks
ago.

Ayatollah Araki’s exact age is un-
known but he was believed to be 106
years old. Teheran announced today
that the nation would begin a week-
long period of mourning.

The choice of a successor is com-
plicated by the fact that some clerics
eligible for consideration are in Iraq
and Lebanon, and Iran believes that
the central leadership in religious
matters should remain in Qum, the
Iranian religious city that is the
home of several Shiite universities
and institutes.

A leader has traditionally been
chosen by consensus among the

learned of the Shiite religious estab-
Jishment Jargely inside Iran but also
in Iraq and Lebanon. Ayatollah
Araki had held the position for only a
year.

Since the Iranian Islamic revolu-
tion led by Ayatollah Ruhollah Kho-
meini in 1979 overthrew the Persian
monarchy, Iranian religious leaders
have worked to galvanize Shiite
communities, enhancing Iran's lead-
ing role in Shiism.

Ayatollah Araki was the third suc-
cessor to the title after Ayatollah
Khomeini. While Ayatollah Khomei-
ni combined his political role as the
leader of the Iranian revolt with his
theological prominence to exercise
his influence among Shiites world-
wide, his successors have not.

Iran has been anxious about pre-
serving both qualities in its supreme
religious leader, but many of the
senior Shiite figures in Iran, Iraq
and Lebanon hold different political
views from the militant clerics of
Teheran.

Some Shiite voices in Iraq and
Lebanon have argued for some time
for a return to the seperation of
religion from politics practiced by
most Shiite communities for much of
this century. And Iran's inability to
find a religious figure who possesses
the charisma and appeal of Ayatol-
lah Khomeini has diminished its
theological domination of the Shiite
branch of Islam.

The responsibilities of grand aya-
tollahs include lecturing, conducting
studies, writing and publishing es-
says and collecting a religious fol-
lowing, hence the reference to emu-
Jation in the titles of religious lead-
ers.

There are at least five grand aya-
tollahs in Qum who may qualify for

EMBER 1, 1994

Associated Press

Grand Ayatollah Ali Araki

the marjaa position and three in Iraq
and Lebanon. But Iran has made it
clear that it plans to select the suc-
cessor and has already denounced
any attempt to depoliticize the posi-
tion.

“We understand the clerics out-
side Iran believe religion should be
separate from politics,” said the
speaker of Iran's Islamic Consulta-
tive Assembly, Ali Nateq Nuri, him-
self a militant cleric. But he added
that ‘‘someone who believes in the
separation of religion and politics 1s
not fit to be a marjaa.””

Actually, tradition within the Shi-
ite religious establishment has
strongly favored the choice of a per-
son who is extremely learned in the-
ocracy with a record of scholarly
achievement. Ayatollah Khomeini
had published seven books and nu-
merous essays on religion and soci-
ety by the time he went into the
politics of opposition

444

have a preference for beef, boiled
vegetables, fats, sugar and onions. Both
sects use wheat, rye, dates, nuts olives,
grapes, figs,pomegranates, lentils, beans
and peas, squash, cucumbers, melons,
leeks, onions and garlic. Many modern
day Jews ignore the dietary laws
(Kashrut), while others such as the Yemini
Jews follow exactly the ancient dietary
laws of the Talmud.

ISLAM

The parallel between the basic dietary
laws of the Moslems and the Jews are not
surprising for they as peoples are half-
brothers! The Jews descended from
Abraham and his wife Sarah; the Moslems
or the Nation of Islam descended from
Abraham and Sarah’s hand-maiden,
Hagar, who gave birth to a son named
Ishmael. Both Jews and Moslems are
semetic people descended from Shem,
one of the three sons of Noah.

Hagar was driven from Abraham’s
house by Sarah and she traveled south
into the Arabian Desert; when Hagar
arrived in the general area of Mecca she
was thirsty and searched frantically for
water. She laid her son Ishmael in the
sand while she searched for water - while
she searched the child cried and kicked
the sand, water filled the depression he
had made and a well came into being.

For centuries, prior to the Prophet
Mohammed founding Islam, the Semetic
peoples of the Arabian Peninsula made
pilgrimages to this well and to a sacred
rock that “fell from heaven in the days of
Adam.” Abraham himself built the
Ka’bah, a cubical shrine that surrounds
this rock - it is now considered the most
sacred spot in the world of Islam. Moslem

PEELEERED

— nn

pilgrims reaching Mecca walk back and
forth between the well and the rock seven
times in ritualistic observance of Hagar’s
frantic search for water.

Ishmael, the son of Abraham and
half-brother of Isaac is credited with the
founding of Mecca, one of the Holiest
cities of the Moslem world. Isaac was the
father of Jacob, who was called Israel.

The Koran, the holy book of Islam,
which contains the teachings of the
Prophet Mohammed and his revelations
from Allah, traces the matter of proper
food clear back to Adam, as does the Old
Testament:

“And God said, ‘O Adam, dwell thou
and thy wife in paradise and eat
therefrom amply as you wish; but do not
draw near this tree’.”

Mohammed was born in 570 A.D.
and the Arabs had been in a close
cultural mix with the Jews for some
centuries, and in some trade and wars
with the Christians for 500 years. Mecca
and Medina to the north were on caravan
routes to the southern tip of the
peninsula - there were large populations
of Jews in both cities and Christianity had
already spread into the cities.

From the Koran
Chapter 5, Section 1

In the name of Allah, the Beneficent,
the Merciful.

1- O you who believe, fulfill the
obligations (food laws). The cattle
quadrupeds are allowed to you accept
that which is recited to you, not violating
the prohibition against game (hunting)
when you are on the pilgrimage (to
Mecca). Surely Allah orders what He
pleases.

445

eee |
PRRREERED

Islam contains the basic teachings of
Mohammed - they are simple laws of the
faith. The primary one of these tenets is
repeated daily by 500,000,000 Moslems
each day : “There is no God but Allah and
Mohammed is his prophet.” People who
are Moslems believe that the Koran as
revealed to Mohammed, is the undeniable
word of God:

“O ye who believe! Eat of the good
things with which we have supplied you,
and give give God thanks if ye are His
worshipers. Only that which dieth of itself
and blood and swine’s flesh, and that over
which any other name than that of God
has been invoked (food sacrificed to a
heathen idol), hath God forbidden you.”

The Koran goes on, that if a person is
forced to eat forbidden food to keep from
starving that is no sin.

The diet of the nomadic Bedouins was
made up of dates and milk from camels
and sheep, they ate meat from camels and
sheep and grain but few vegetables. It is
the duty before God for a Moslem to
remain alive and healthy, food, except for
pork (which is considered “filth”) and
blood and meat found dead, “is one of
the greatest blessings from God” and is
to be consumed with humility and full
awareness of that fact. The Koran
denounces men who would deprive
people of food by setting forth arbitrary
food taboos.

Meat is favored, but as with the Jewish
law, meat animals must be slaughtered
properly - the throat , the windpipe, the
carotid arteries and the gullet must be
severed with a single stroke and the man
doing the killing must repeat, “ In the
name of God; God is great.” When a
hunter kills a bird or animal with a gun
or arrow he must repeat the same words,

then the animal is clean and fit to eat - a
Moslem may even eat animals killed by
Jews or Christians if the animal has been
slaughtered in a proper manner.

Fruits and vegetables of all kinds are
good, and with the spread of Islam into
the Fertile Crescent around the
confluence of the Tigris and the Euphrates
Rivers, the Arabs became familiar with a
greater variety and “more abundant
blessings from God.”

Fish were considered good food; grain
was good food, especially rice brought to
Arabia through the trade routes from
India; rice was a grain of the nobles and
the wealthy, wheat is looked upon as food
for the commoners. Sugar was first
brought to the Arabs from India and is
mixed with vinegar for sweet-and-sour
dishes. Figs are most favored as they are
specifically mentioned by God in the
Koran.

Doctors and nutritionists in the
Moslem world (influenced by the Greeks)
prescribed specific foods for specific
diseases and injuries. Fresh ripe dates
were used for stomach pain; a sheep's
heart, liver and kidneys gave strength to
the heart, liver and kidneys of whoever
ate them. Moslem boys just circumcised
are fed soup made of sheep testicles to
help them heal and to attain strength. The
sheep’s brain is not eaten because it is
thought to be a stupid animal and to eat
a sheep brain would make the eater
stupid.

Honey is used to ease mental suffering
and is commonly used in pastries eaten
at funerals. Many Moslems refuse to
consume food that is not grown in their
own country. Some holy men of the
Middle East claim that potatoes are the
“food of Satan” and that tomatoes are

446

made of human blood.

Moslems in China will eat pork
because it is the only meat available in
some provinces. Meat that a predator
(cheetah, falcon, etc.) has grabbed in its
claws or talons is unclean. Meat even
sniffed by a dog is forbidden. Even the
method of eating by a Moslem is
prescribed in a supplemental scripture to
the Koran called the Traditions:

1 - Repeat the name of God, otherwise

the devil has power over the food.

2 - Eat only with the first three fingers

of the right hand.

3 - When finishing a dish, lick the

fingers before washing them.

4 - Lick the dish afterward (so the

devils can’t) and the dish will

intercede with God.

5 - Do not eat with shoes on.

FROM THE KORAN
Chapter 5, Section 1

4- they ask thee to what is allowed to
them (the people). Say: The good things
are allowed to you, and what you have
taught the beasts and the birds of prey,
training them to hunt - you teach (the
people) of what Allah has taught you; so
eat of that which they catch for you and
mention the name of Allah over it; and
keep your duty to Allah. Surely Allah is
swift and reckoning.

5 - This day good things are made
lawful for you. And the food of those who
have been given the Book is lawful for
you, and your food is lawful for them.

Fasts are part of the Moslem tradition
and ritual, in particular during the holy
month of Ramadan. In the Traditions,
Mohammed is quoted, “Every good act a
man does shall receive from 10 to 700
rewards, but the rewards of fasting are

beyond bounds, for fasting is for God
alone and He will give it’s rewards.”

Fasting is one of the “Five Pillars” of
the Moslem religion:

1 - Fasting

2 - Repetition of “There is no God

but Allah and Mohammed is

His prophet.”

3 - Prayer five times each day.

4 - Alms-giving (charity)

5 - Pilgrimage to Mecca at least once

in one’s lifetime.

As a result of their being traders in the
commercial crossroads of the world it is
generally accepted that the Moslems have
contributed more to the food and eating
habits of the world than any other faith.

CHRISTIANITY

Christ separated himself and his
followers from the traditional Jews and
their laws in many ways including their
dietary laws.:

“There is nothing from without a man,
that entering into him can defile him; but
the things which come out of him (hygiene
- avoid urine and feces), those are they
that can defile the man.” Mark 7:15

When Christ’s own disciples
questioned him on the subject of diet
restrictions in various places they were
doing missionary work he told them it was
not what goes into a mans belly that
defiles him, but rather the evil that comes
out of him.

“And into whatever city ye enter, and
they receive you, eat such things as are
set before you.” Luke 10:8

While Christ taught “reverence for the
“body, more than once referring to the
body as “the temple of God,” he also
attended feasts and banquets and was

447

al

eed

THE BOSTON HERALD, THURSDAY, APRIL 28. 1994

Rev. Richard Mazziotta
of North Easton, at 44

The Rev. Richard Maz-
ziotta of North Easton, an
associate professor of reli-
gious studies at Stonehill
College and a member of the
Congregation of Holy Cross,
died Monday at Massachu-
setts General Hospital of
complications resulting
from a brain aneurysm. He
was 44.

Born and raised in Queens,
N.Y., he received a bache-
lor’s degree from Stonehill in
1972, a master’s degree in
theology from Notre Dame
in 1975 and a doctorate in
ministry from Boston Uni-
versity in 1983. He was or-
dained in 1976.

Before becoming a tenured
member of the Stonehill De-
partment of Religious Stu-
dies, Rev. Mazziotta taught
in the college’s writing pro-
gram, coached the women's
cross country team and
served as campus minister.
He also taught at Holy Cross
High School in Flushing,
N.Y.

Rev. Mazziotta was the lo-
cal superior of the religious
community at Stonehill Col-
lege and a member of the
Provincial Council of the
Eastern Province of the Con-

gregation of Holy Cross. In
addition, he assisted at Our
Lady of Sorrows Parish in
Sharon. From 1980-87, he as-
sisted at Our Lady of
Lourdes Parish in Brockton.
He also served as an assis-
tant pastor at Christ the
King Parish in South Bend,
Ind.

A computer buff, he also
enjoyed racquetball, cooking
and gardening.

Rev. Mazziotta served as a
chaplain with the 26th Infantry
Division of the Massachusetts
National Guard and rose to the
rank of major.

He is survived by his
mother, Concetta (Frascin-
ella) of Williston Park, N.Y.;
two sisters, Maryann
McDermott of Mineola, N.Y.,
and Barbara Robinson of
Westbury, N.Y.; one brother,
Joseph of English Town,
N.J.; and several nieces and
nephews.

A funeral Mass will be
celebrated at 10:30 a.m. to-
morrow at St. Mary's Chap-
el, Stonehill College.

Burial will be in Holy
Cross Cemetery, Easton.

Arrangements are by Rob-
ert J. Kane Funeral Home,
South Easton.

448

veneeetee

PRREERRED

known to have associated with the
drinkers of wine (“bibbers”- in fact Christ
followed the See-Food diet!).

There were Christian converts from the
Jews who refused to shed the old dietary
laws, and they formed a Jewish-Christian
sect called the Nazarenes or Ebionites.

FROM THE KING JAMES BIBLE
Matthew 4

4 - But he answered and said, it is
written, man shall not live
by bread alone, but by every word
that proceedeth out of the mouth
of God.

Matthew 15:

20 - these are the things that defile a
man: but to eat with unwashed
hands defileth not a man.

1 Corinthians 3:

17 - If any man defile the temple of
God, him shall God destroy; for the
temple of God is holy, which
temple ye are.

1 Corinthians 6

19 - What? Know ye not that your
body is the temple of the Holy
Ghost which is in you, which ye
have of God, and ye are not
your own?

20 - For ye are bought with a price;
therefore glorify God in your own body,
and in your spirit, which are God's.

The apostle Paul insisted that
“Christian love” was the fulfilling of the
law and that there was no need for food
taboos and no need to be concerned about

“clean” and “unclean” things when
dealing with the rules of diet. As a
compromise it was agreed that it was only
necessary to refrain from eating the meat
of animals that had been sacrificed to
heathen idols, meat from animals that had
been strangled and blood - these vestiges
of Jewish dietary laws were retained by
the Christian church for several centuries.

After public services were over,
Christians would assemble for a feast of
“brotherly love” and thanksgiving; they
commemorated Christ's sacrifice of His
body and blood by eating bread and wine
(communion) - non-Christians were
excluded from these feasts causing
Roman bureaucrats to murmur that the
assemblages were secret, that the “love
feast” was an orgy and that the sacrament
was in fact “cannibalism.” The Greek
word for the “love feast” was “Eucharist,”
translated to “give thanks,” and the
Eucharist developed into the Roman
Catholic Mass.

There were no food taboos in the
original Catholic church and there are
none today - there are fasts, abstinence,
and sobriety. Thomas Aquinas, in his
Summa Theologica, stated that it is not
that abstaining from food (fasting) is good
in itself, for if that were so, the eating of
food would be by very reason would be
bad.

There were early Christian sects, such
as the Anchorites, who were ascetics -
some wandered in the deserts and
subsisted on insects; there were hermits
who lived in caves to whom people threw
food; some Christians lived in trees; and
then came monastic orders including the
Benedictines, who lived quiet humble
lives whose feature was prayer, work and
a “simple diet.”

449

NEW YORK, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1994

| Pope, Citing Health, Calls Off Visit to New York |

Abrupt Postponement
Renews Speculation
on His Condition

By ALAN COWELL
Special to The New York Times

ROME, Sept. 22 — In another sign
of the Pope’s physical frailty, the
Vatican announced today that John
Paul 1) was postponing a visit to the
New York City area and Baltimore,
planned for next month, because he
had not fully recuperated from a fall
in April in which he broke his leg.

The unexpected announcement re-
newed speculation about the 74-year-
old Pope’s broader state of health,
particularly because he planned an
important speech at the United N:
lions on the family in which he wi
expected to discuss the Vatican's
views of the recent population con-
ference in Cairo.

The Pope had planned to leave
Oct. 20 on a four-day visit to New
York City, Yonkers, Newark and
Baltimore, Among other events, he
had been scheduled to celebrate
masses at Yonkers Raceway, Gi-
ants Stadium, the Cathedral of the
Sacred Heart in Newark, and Cam-
den Yards in Baltimore and to lead
prayer services at St. Patrick's Ca-
thedral, Shea Stadium

The Vatican's chief spokesman,
Joaquin Navarro-Valls, said in a
statement that the visit was being
postponed until November 1995 be.
cause the Pope had been “advised
not to intensify his activities in this
period following orthopedic — sur-
gery.”’ Doctors inserted metal alloy
replacements for parts of a broken
right femur, or thighbone, after the
Pope’s fall in April.

Speaking to reporters later today,
Mr. Navarro-Valls denied that the
Pope was suffering from any undis
closed illness. “The only reason, the
exclusive reason, for this postpone-
ment is what is written in that state-
ment,” he said.

tod Pre
Pope John Paul II climbed a step toward his chair on Wednesday after
arriving for his weekly audience at Nervi's Hall at the Vatican.

450

It was in fact the Benedictine sect at
the monastery of Monte Cassino, at
Selerno that gave support to the early
“science” of dietetics.

The first medical school in Europe was
started in Selerno, it was a secular school
with close associations to the Benedictine
monastery. The school was limited by the
early Christian taboo on dissection of the
human body, however, it was very
productive in elucidating the role of diet
in maintaining and restoring health.

The Benedictine effort in the area of
diet was written in verse. The monks and
doctors of Selerno, using the dietary
teachings of the Greek physicians
Hippocrates and Galen (who took them
from Ayruvedic medicine and Chinese
alchemy) invested the human body with
four basic substances or “humors”:

. Blood

- Yellow bile
. Phlegm

. Black bile

bhwn

A healthy body did not suffer from an
excess of any one of the four humors -
therefore a “balanced diet was essential.”

For a patient suffering from an excess
of yellow bile, cool and moist foods (i.e.-
fruits) were prescribed. An excess of
phlegm required hot (cayenne pepper)
highly seasoned food as a cure.

From the King James Bible
Romans 14

2. For one believeth that he may eat
all things: another, who is weak eateth
herbs.

3. Let not him that eateth despise him

that eateth not; and let not him which
eateth not judge him that eateth; for
God hath received him.

1 Corinthians 10

27. If any of them that believe not bid
you to a feast, and ye be disposed to
go; whatsoever is set before you, eat,
asking no questions for conscience
sake.

31 - Whether therefore you eat, or
drink, or whatsoever ye do, do all to
the Glory of God.

It is noteworthy that the concept of
“humors” or concepts similar to them (
i.e.- the basic substances of the body)
were common in all early religions. The
Hindus and the Taoists believed in basic
elements of the body were parallel to the
basic elements of the universe:

1. Air
2. Fire
3. Earth
4. Water

It is not known whether or not these
concepts of the basic substances arose
independently in each culture and faith
or if they spread from one culture and faith
by the efforts of missionaries or by the
teachings of traveling “healers.” The
humoral theory of health and diet was
spread through medieval Europe by
monks of the Roman Catholic church.
Rome in the 12th century forbade monks
and canons of the Catholic church from
practicing medicine for material gains (
the medical lobby and union already was
at work).

451

| eezeeezem

The concept of “humors” survived
many centuries - phlegm from the brain
(drippy nose, upper respiratory
problems), wet and cold similar to the
basic element of water; blood from the
heart, wet and hot like air; yellow bile
(choler) from the liver, hot and dry like
fire; black bile from the spleen, dry and
cold like the Earth.

An excess of yellow bile caused
irritability and anger - thus the word
“choleric.” An excess of black bile brought
on gloominess and depression
(“melancholic”). An excess of phlegm
produced sluggishness and apathy
(“phlegmatic”).

The Selerno Regimen for health were
used by all and should still be used today:

“Use three physicians still:
First doctor quiet,

Next doctor merryman,
and then doctor Diet.”

The New Testament noted that Paul
fasted regularly, and that other ministers
fasted just before they were ordained into
the priesthood - fasts were usually
entered into just before feats - to “temper
the mind and spirit so the feasting would
not become too barbaric.” It would be
three centuries before fasts of Easter were
made official part of the Catholic church
and several more centuries before the
fasts of Lent and Easter Holy Week
became the rule.

Then came the concept of personal
fasting employed by the friars and nuns
to “help cleanse the body, sharpen the
mind and purify the spirit.”

When Martin Luther separated from
the Catholic church he reasoned there

was no need to change the Christian
tenets of diet - all food and drink in
moderation and with thanksgiving, is
good for humans.

Later Protestant faiths the
Anabaptists (Mennonites), the Puritons
(Quakers) - featured simple diets (many
forbade alcohol) with the basic concept
that God made all things for the good of
man.

Meat historically was forbidden to
Catholics on Friday as that was the day
that Christ was crucified, meat is still
forbidden on Ash Wednesday and Good
Friday and suggested abstinence during
Lent.

Seventh-day Adventists, while meat is
not actually forbidden, they are supposed
to avoid it. Mormons (Latter-day Saints)
are counseled to eat meat sparingly.
Jehovah’s Witnesses won’t eat meat
unless the blood has been drained.

Alcohol is forbidden to Adventists,
Mormons, Jehovah’s Witnesses and
Christian Scientists. Drunkenness is
forbidden in all Christian faiths.

Mary Baker Eddy, the founder of
Christian Science, called drugs (i.e.-
coffee, tea, opium, tobacco and alcohol)
the “depraved appetite” (she hit the mark
as it is the “depraved appetite” or pica,
which leads people to addictions are the
result of mineral deficiencies!!) and it was
the “depraved appetite” or pica that
ultimately destroyed the person.

No religious movement, ancient or
modern placed more emphasis on diet
and nutrition than the Seventh-day
Adventist church. Ellen G. White, a
missionary for the Adventist church
instructed Adventists on the basic
concepts of healthful living. She
denounced the use of alcohol, addictive

452

Fessssesee

PERE

Tues., Jan. 17, 1995 Rocky Mountain News

Obituaries

Local, national and international

[ran reports
death of
woman at 161

Rocky Mountain News wire services

Masoomeh Dousti, who was be-
lieved to be the world’s oldest
woman, died at her home in the
Tranian village of Kalatenbala in
Khorasan province.

The Iranian News Agency re-
ported Monday that she was 161.

She is survived by six children
between 120 and 128, the news
agency said, plus 120 grandchil-
dren and great-grandchildren.

Gholam, her eldest son, said his
mother had never visited a doctor
nor taken chemical medicines, ex-
cept for herbal remedies.

453

PERERERED
PRERERERD

drugs and smoking. She preached more
than 90 years ago that tobacco is a “slow,
insidious, but most malignant poison.”
she also lectured ona well-balanced diet,
before the phrase was even invented; she
emphasized fresh natural foods without
preservatives, she rejected refined white
flour and sugar before nutritional science
even suspected the existence of the 90
essential nutrients - she was in fact a
natural food enthusiast.

From the writings of Ellen G. White.

“Grains, fruit, nuts and vegetables
constitute the diet chosen for us by our
creator. These foods, prepared in as simple
and natural a manner as possible, are the
most healthful and nourishing. They
impart a strength, a power of endurance,
and a vigor of intellect, that are not
afforded by a more complex and
stimulating diet (1905).

In grains, fruit, vegetables and nuts are
to be found all the food elements (90
nutrients) that we need, If we will come to
the Lord in simplicity of mind, He will teach
us how to prepare wholesome food free from
the taint of flesh meat.”

Today, Adventists follow the dietary
instructions in Leviticus concerning clean
and unclean food - pork is forbidden, as
is shell fish and predators, they abstain
from the use of alcohol, tobacco, coffee,
tea and drugs (prescription and street
drugs).

Ellen White became highly suspicious
of doctors and their “careless and
widespread use of poisonous drugs” (and
for this we dearly love her!!).

At the Adventist Battle Creek
Sanitarium the “true remedies” were pure
air, sunlight, abstenciousness, rest,

exercise, proper diet, pure water and faith
in the healing power of God. By 1903,
when the church headquarters moved to
Washington, D.C. the sanitarium was the
largest and most completely equipped
health facility in the world. It’s medical
director was Dr. John Harvey Kellogg, and
it was he and his brother W.K. Kellogg,
who gave the world prepared cereals -
corn flakes!!!

The Seventh-day Adventist church has
long been involved in the health-food
industry and today the church operates
no less than 15 health-food companies,
the largest being Loma Linda Foods from
Arlington, California.

The Adventist church operates 345
hospitals, sanitariums, clinics and
dispensaries around the world - most offer
nutrition classes that are open to the
public. In 1905, when Ellen White was
78, she personally chose the site for Loma
Linda University. This University was for
years called the college of medical
evangelists and includes one of the worlds
leading medical schools, including
schools of dentistry nursing, nutrition and
allied health fields.

For their health efforts, the Adventists
have been rewarded with some of the
healthiest individuals in America - 77
years on the average for men and 80 years
on the average for women (an average of
78.5 years compared to 75.5 for all
Americans). The Adventist average age is
similar to that of the Japanese but still
only about 50% of the genetic potential
for the human - 120 to 140 years.

MORMON

It is of interest that Utah which is 70

454

% Mormon, is the healthiest state in the
Union. According to the CDC, Utah has
the lowest death rate from all of the
chronic degenerative diseases.

The Mormons have a simple law of diet
and health called the Word of Wisdom.
This law forbids the use of tobacco,
alcohol, coffee and tea; and it advises that
meat be consumed sparingly, it also gives
instruction about what foods are best for
man: fruits, vegetables and grains of all
kinds.

In the U.S., approximately 130 people
out of 100,000 die each year from cancer,
in Utah only 95 per 100,000 die of cancer
- 28% lower than the national rate.

According to the book of Mormon,
Adam understood the basic truth that
every man was free to make his own
decision he understood the
consequences when he ate the fruit of the
tree of knowledge of good and evil - “it
was a food unfit for the perfect physical
body God had formed as the temple of
Adam's young spirit, and when he and Eve
ate it, their bodies degenerated and
eventually died.”

In 1820, near the town of Manchester
in New York state, Joseph Smith (a 14 year
old boy) prayed asking God for guidance
in choosing a religious faith and “God the
Father and Jesus Christ appeared to him
and told him not to become involved with
any religion.”

Joseph waited three years for the rest
of the message, when finally the
messenger appeared in the form of a man
called Moroni. Moroni shared with Joseph
the story of a historical record that had
been accumulated and hidden by his
father (a man called Mormon) before
being killed by Indians.

Moroni told Joseph Smith where the

E23

record was hidden and how it could be
translated. Today, the book of Mormon
along with the Bible, is the basic set of
scriptures for the Mormons.

Smith was killed by a mob in 1844,
jut before the Mormons fled the city of
Navoo, however, he had already
compiled a book of his visions and
revelations and this book was to be the
Doctrine and Covenant of Mormon; and
it is in the 89th Section of this book. The
Word of Wisdom, that gives Mormons
their basic rules on diet and health.

The complete Word of Wisdom was
revealed on February 27, 1877, however,
the question of meat-eating had come up
in 1831 when a new member of the
church,a vegetarian, started preaching
his own views - Joseph Smith prayed to
the Lord and was given the answer that,
“Any man who forbids the use of meat is
not ordained of God.”

“For, behold, the beasts of the field
and the fowls of the air, and that which
cometh of the Earth, is ordained for the
use of man for food and for rainment, and
that he might have in abundance.”

Doctrine and Covenants 49:18,19

Mormon dietary Taboos are for non-
foods such as tobacco, alcohol and “hot
drinks,” translated to mean drinks
containing harmful drugs, such as tea and
coffee and, to some Mormons today, even
cola drinks and chocolate. The rest is a
positive statement about nutrition and
the sensible use of foods in lean times:

“Every herb in its season and every
fruit in its season to be used with
prudence and thanksgiving.

Flesh of beasts and fowl to be used
sparingly, and it is pleasing to me that

455

they should not be used, only in times of
winter, or cold, or famine. All grain is good
for man and all plant food, whether in
the ground or above the ground. Wheat
for man, corn for the ox, oats for the horse,
rye for fowls and swine, and barley for all
useful animals and for mild drinks.”

Doctrine and Covenants
Section 89

12. Yea, flesh also of beasts and of
fowls of the air, I, the Lord, have
ordained for the use of man with
thanksgiving; nevertheless, they are
to be used sparingly;

13. And it is pleasing unto me that they
should not be used, only in times of
winter, or of cold, or famine.

14. All grain is ordained for the use of
man and of beasts, to be the staff of
life, not only for man but for the
beasts of the field, and the fowls of
heaven, and all wild animals that run
or creep on the earth:

15. And these hath God made for the
use of man only in times of famine
and excess of hunger.

16. All grain is good for the food of
man; as also the fruit of the vine; that
which yieldeth fruit, whether in the
ground or above the ground.

17. Nevertheless, Wheat for man, and
corn for the ox, and oats for the horse,
and rye for the fowls and for swine,
and for all beasts of the field, and
barley for all useful animals, and for
mild drinks, as all other grain.

American orthodox “health experts”
are hopelessly out of touch with reality
and pontificate in the news media how
you can get everything you need from
your diet and “taking vitamins and
minerals just give you expensive urine”
and that they themselves rely on their
food and brag that they do not take
supplements - as a result America is not
calorie deficient but we are malnourished
because of a lack of the 90 essential
micro-nutrients.

America’s great interest in food, fast
food, fad foods, snack foods, fun foods,
finger foods, desserts, caffeine, alcohol,
drugs and cigarettes is a direct result of
mineral malnutrition. The casual review
of the longevities of the proponents of
various dietary beliefs and health beliefs
throughout the world brings a reality
check!

If you look to the American medical
system and or your allopathic physician
for help with your personal nutrition
program (diet) you are putting yourself
in grave danger as their interests and
expertise stops at the “four food groups,”
cholesterol testing and the martini at their
high priced health club. We believe “the
proof is in the pudding” and therefore it
seems fair to examine how well orthodox
doctors do themselves when it comes to
avoiding nutritional diseases and deaths
from preventable nutritional diseases. If
they are doing all of the right nutritional
things they should all live to be over 120!!

The first task in checking out the
orthodox doctors was to look at their
average age at death when compared to
the general U.S. population (75.5) - an
examination of the monthly obituaries
listed in the Journal of the American
Medical Association (JAMA) January of

456

PRERERERD

Hise |
Merits of a Mediterranean diet

Studying the nutritional and health benefits of regional cuisine

BOSTON — What's the best diet for good health? That sub-
ject sparks hot debates among nutrition experts.

But one cuisine that’s worth considering is the traditional
Mediterranean diet. The diet, which varied between regions,
has lost some of its healthful advantages in recent years, but
traditionally it included lots of fruits and vegetables, beans,
bread, pasta, rice, grains. Olive oil was the main fat, and lean
red meat was eaten only a few times a month, Fish and poul-
try, cheese and yogurt were also consumed in moderation.

Ditto for wine. To explore the nuances of the Mediterranean
diet, more than 60 food and nutrition experts from around the
world gathered here for a conference sponsored by the Har-
vard School of Public Health and the Oldways Preservation &
Exchange Trust. Next year, experts will discuss the diets of
Asia; in 1995, the diets of the Americas. USA TODAY talked to
some of the key speakers about their diets.

Stories by Nanci Helimich

Olive oil and exercise

Name: Dr. Walter Willett

Title: Chairman of the Department of Nutrition, Har-
vard School of Public Health. Heads the Nurses Health
Study, an ongoing study of 121,700 female nurses.

‘Age: 47

What he eats: “I borrow on quite a few different cul-
tures. | borrow on the Mediterranean the most. In our
house we use nothing but olive oil at the table and in cook-
ing. For breakfast, fresh fruits are hard to beat. Like
many people, I sometimes
have bread or toast and
cold breakfast cereal,
which is an American tra-
dition. For lunch, I pack a
sandwich — lettuce, toma-
to with olive oil. Fruit. (He
doesn't eat meat.)

“Like a lot of Ameri-
cans, I try to cut down on
calories because | sit at my
desk most of the day. Actu-
ally, I like a really good
Italian or Greek salad with
bread and perhaps a little
wine for dinner. Last night, ns Z
I had roasted potatoes and By Sue Owrutsky
red peppers in olive oil. WILLETT: Olive oil is the
And a little soup.” only fat he cooks with.

Exercise: “I ride my
bike to work every day — 20 minutes each way. And I do
the NordicTrack for 20 minutes a day.”

Vitamin supplements; Vitamin E.

Nutrition insights: “We need a full re-examination of
the options presented by many dietary patterns. The Med-
iterranean diet deserves serious consideration because
people who live in that part of the world have low rates of
virtually every disease (that people in this country die
from). There is not a single one healthy type of diet. We
might adapt aspects of the French diet, Mediterranean
diet, Middle Eastern, Latin American diets. We ought to
look seriously at all of them to find out what is healthy and
to find an interesting, varied diet.”

Wine in moderation

Name: Dr. Dimitrios Trichopoulos (who is from
Greece)

Title: Chairman of the Department of Epidemiology,
Harvard School of Public Health

Age: 54.

What he eats: “I try to eat vegetables, potatoes, bread,
beans. I don’t like meat much. I don’t think anybody in
Public health can like meat anymore. We know so much
about it. We reserve it for special occasions. Of course, I
drink wine, plenty of it.”

Exercise: “Personally, I
don’t exercise. But among
the important things peo-
ple can do easily is exer-
cise and drink moderate
quantities of wine when
they're not driving.”

Vitamin supplements:
“T take them because I'm
sure they can’t harm, and
T'm not sure my diet is ade-
quate because I’m living
alone. I take vitamin E and
a multivitamin. But I
wouldn’t want to say that :
it's an established protec- By Barbara Steer
tive effect.” TRICHOPOULOS: He

Nutrition insights: “The takes vitamins to be sure.
traditional Greek diet was
heavily based on bread and grains and legumes (beans).
More than 40% of the Greek diet comes from fat, which is
mostly olive oil. Fat is so tasty. If you are going to have it,
you'd better have olive oil. It has plenty of vitamin E in it,
which many people believe has an important effect
against cardiovascular disease.

“Wine drinking has been traditionally integrated with
Greek diet. They'd drink wine during the meals, even dur-
ing lunch time. They would not use strong spirits except
rarely. They have a siesta after that. They have a relaxed
attitude. One of the problems we have is we know that the
Mediterranean diet is good but we don’t know which com-
ponent is the dominant one or if it's the whole pattern.”

457

Fruits and vegetables help cut the fat

Name: Marion Nestle

Title: Chairman, Depart-
ment of Nutrition, Food and
Hotel Management, New
York University

Age: 56

What she eats: “In gener-
al, 1 try to practice what I
preach. It’s not a vegetarian
diet, but I try to eat most of
my calories from fruits, veg-
etables and grains. I eat
more than the recommend-
ed five (servings) a day of
fruits and vegetables.

“On the other hand, I eat
out a lot. There are often sit-
uations where it’s very diffi-
cult to apply principles. A
large part of my work and social life is going
out to dinner. I will order vegetable plates. I
will order pasta. I rarely order meat. And
I'm rarely in a situation where I can’t find
something that I'm happy eating.”

Exercise: “I have a mini-exercise pro-
gram. I run around Washington Square
Park every morning. It’s probably a half

NESTLE:

amounts of vegetables.”

mile. It takes about 10 to 15
minutes. I live in New York,
and I walk a lot. I'm blessed
with genetics that I don't
have a weight problem.”

Vitamin supplements. “I
don’t take any vitamins. | eat
huge amounts of vegeta-
bles.”

Nutrition insights: “The
basic dietary advice hasn't
changed at all since we start-
ed on chronic disease pre-
vention in the early 1970s.
... There are no changes in
the core recommendations,
which are that a greater part
of calories should come
from fruits, vegetables and
grains. Meat and dairy products should be
eaten in smaller amounts.

“The major source of fat (in people's di-
ets) is from meat, dairy products and added
fat. That means if you are going to cut down
the amount of fat, you have to cut down on
meat, dairy products and added fat. But
that’s a big change for a lot of people.”

‘l eat huge

Conservative quantities of lean meat

Name: Ancel Keys

Title: Professor emeritus,
University of Minnesota
School of Public Health and
author of Seven Countries:
A Multivariate Analysis of
Death and Coronary Heart
Disease

Age: 88

What he eats: “After eat-
ing around the world (he
and his wife, Margaret, have
worked in 20 different coun-
tries) we've settled down to
the Mediterranean diet. We
eat meat not more than once
a week. When we do, we
have very lean meat and
small quantities.

“When we buy meats we actually prefer
veal, which is terribly expensive, chicken
and fish. Fish is our favorite.

“We eat a lot of vegetables and, of course,
pasta and rice. We have a green salad at
lunch. At dinner, we have mostly cooked
vegetables. When we get back to Italy next
month (he lives there half the year), it will

KEYS: He eats meat ‘not
more than once a week.”

be the beginning of arti-
choke season. We eat pep-
pers. We have wine for din-
ner.”

Exercise: ‘‘Not very
much now. | use a cane. I
used to exercise quite a bit.
The main thing I did was
farming work, gardening,
swimming, hiking.”

Vitamin supplements:
“No. This is the biggest rack-
et you ever heard of. With
the kind of diet I'm talking
about, you don't need vita-
mins except for rare” cases.

Nutrition insights: “This
cholesterol business isn’t
quite as important as we
thought it was. The recommended levels of
cholesterol in the blood depends somewhat
on age — but the 180 to 230 range is perfect-
ly OK. (Current guidelines say anything be-
tween 200 to 239 is borderline high.) We
find that in every country, by far the great-
est hazard to shortened life is cigarette
smoking and high blood pressure.”

458

+ FRIDAY, MARCH 25, 1994» USA

| ae |

PRRERERED

All stories by
Nanci Hellmich

Dr. Kenneth ET]
Cooper she.

> Title: Father of
the aerobics move-
ment, president and
founder of Cooper
Aerobics Center, Dal-
las

> Vitamins: Takes
1,000 milligrams of vi-
tamin C; 400 interna-
tional units of vitamin.
E; 25,000 1.U. (15 mil-
ligrams) of beta caro-
tene; 1,000 milligrams
of potassium-magne-
sium aspartate daily.

> Comments: “I
take vitamin E be-
cause research sug-
gests it may keep
LDL cholesterol from
oxidizing and deposit-
ing on artery walls.
Vitamin C enhances
the beneficial effects
of vitamin E. And
there are no long-
term side effects of
taking these vitamins
at these doses. As for
other antioxidants
like chromium and selenium, I don’t think
we have enough research about them yet to
make recommendations.

“In my new book (The Antioxidant Revo-
lution, out in late August from Thomas Nel-
son Publishers) I'm only concentrating on
the three antioxidants that we have studied
extensively — that is, vitamin C, vitamin E
and beta carotene. We are getting a lot of
new data about the value of antioxidants be-
cause of advanced technology.

“But just because you take supplements
doesn’t mean you can eliminate fruits and
vegetables. There are many other beneficial
substances in fruits and vegetables like fiber.

But it's pretty hard to
get all the vitamin C
you need unless you
eat nine servings of
fruits and vegetables
a day. You can prob-
ably get the beta car-
otene you need from
three carrots a day.
But it's hard to get
the vitamin E. You'd
have to eat so much
food that you'd gain
weight because vita-
min E comes from
foods that are high in
fat (nuts, vegetable
oils, wheat germ).

“I do take 1,000
milligrams potassi-
um-magnesium as-
partate daily but
that's unique for me.
I'm not recommend-
ing it for everyone.
We did a study of
marathon runners a
few years ago and
found a substantial
reduction in the mag-
nesium levels after
completing a 26.2-
mile run, probably
due to excess sweating. I sweat profusely —
living in Texas and running a lot — so I need
to replace the magnesium and potassium,
which also is lost through sweat. These sup-
plemental minerals help to reduce muscle
cramping.”

About getting this level of vitamins in a
healthy diet: “I think it’s hard. I know yester-
day I had two meals on an airplane. There is
reduced food value in those TV-type dinners.
They are overprocessed and overcooked.
I'm not criticizing the airlines — they do the
best they can. But you don't get optimum nu-
trition existing on food prepared in this man-
ner. That is why I take supplements.”

By Dava Sams
COOPER: He takes supplements because
it's hard to eat all the vitamins you need.

459

Jeffrey Blumberg

> Title: Chief of antioxidants re-
search lab at the U.S. Department
of Agriculture Human Research
Center on Aging at Tufts Universi-
ty, Boston

> Vitamins: Takes a daily multi-
vitamin/mineral supplement for-
mulated with about 100% of the
RDAs, plus 500 milligrams of vita-
min C, 400 I.U. of vitamin E, 15
milligrams of beta carotene.

> Comments: “I take them for
their potential preventive proper-
ties — to reduce the risk of chronic
diseases like cancer and heart dis-
ease as I grow older. People
shouldn't expect these things to
give them more pep or grow hair
on bald heads.

“In many respects it's naive of
us to attribute a whole lot to indi-
vidual nutrients. They work togeth-
er in very complex interrelation-
ship. They don’t substitute well for
each other. You can’t say, ‘I take a
whole lot of vitamin E and so I

Allantic Photo Service, Inc.
BLUMBERG: Takes vitamins to
lower risk of chronic diseases later

don’t have to take the others.’
“Nutrient supplements shouldn't
be considered nutrient substitutes.
You must still eat healthfully. And
1 do. I strive to eat at least five serv-

ings of fruits and vegetables a day.
T've cut back on the amount of fat I
eat, particularly red meat. I also
drink a glass of wine every day.

“If you select your diet quite
carefully and pick vitamin C-rich
and beta carotene-rich foods, you
can obtain levels defined for opti-
mal health. But you can't do that
with vitamin E. You'd have to con-
sume the equivalent of two cups of
vegetable oil a day.

“In fruits and vegetables, there
are lots of carotenoids and other
‘substances in plants that appear to
have health-promoting, disease-
fighting effects, and we don’t know
as much about them yet.

“The things I'm doing today may
change in another five years as we
get even more information. 1 may
Change the dosages. I may add
some additional nutrients. 1 may
change my diet further. What I do
today is based on what J know to-
day. I'm looking forward to the
next generation of research infor-
mation.”

Dr. Robert Heaney

> Title: Calcium researcher at Creighton Universi-
ty, Omaha

> Vitamins and comments: “I do take vitamins. I
take those that I calculate I can’t get enough of in my
diet. I don’t normally get outdoors very much, and 1
don’t get any vitamin D, which comes from sunlight.
For that reason, I judged it prudent to be sure I get
vitamin D. The
only way to do that
is take a multivita-
min tablet. I proba-
bly don’t need
some of the things
in it except that vi-
tamin D.

“I'm naturally
concerned with
the antioxidants as
well. J think the ev-
idence there is
fairly impressive,
and for that reason
I take 1,000 milli-
grams of vitamin C
a day, and 800 LU.
of vitamin E a
week.

“I don't take any
calcium supple-
ments, because I
have a high calci-
um diet. I think it's always better to get your nutrients
from food if you possibly can.

“One of things we've noted in our research subjects
— several hundred of them — is women who are low
on calcium are often Jow on other nutrients as well —
an average of four other nutrients. It's not possible to
fix that with a calcium pill. Women ought to have a
high calcium diet. My own view is it would be better
to have calcium-fortified foods.”

HEANEY: Takes vitamin D to
compensate for lack of sun

By David Scarbrough, AP
FOREYT: Takes no vitamins because he's ‘not
convinced that there's a need’ with proper diet.

John Foreyt

» Title: Director of the nutrition research
clinic, Baylor College of Medicine, Houston

> Vitamins: None.

> Comments: “My goal is to eat sensibly and
exercise regularly. Beyond that I don't see any
need for any supplementation. I've read all the
(research) articles about supplements, and in
my mind, I’m not convinced that there’s a need
for any of this stuff if you're a person who is
leading a healthy lifestyle.

“They are expensive, and I think they are
simply not necessary.”

460

Dr. Joycelyn
Elders

> Title: Surgeon General
> Vitamins: “I don't take
| vitamins.”

> Comments: “I feel I
don’t need them. I feel most
of our foods are well-forti-
fied with vitamins.

“I try to eat a balanced
diet, so I do not feel the
need to take additional vita-
mins.”

By Matt Mendelsohn, USA TODAY
| ELDERS: Doesn't feel she
needs additional vitamins

bohydrates, and keeping the sugar
down so that I'm getting a good

Sonja L. Connor

> Title: Co-author of The New
American Diet System (Simon &
Schuster, $14), and a research as-
sociate professor at Oregon Health
Sciences University, Portland

> Vitamins: “I don’t take vita-
mins.”

> Comments: “I get the vita-
mins I need from what I eat. I've
worked on changing my diet to
lower fat and higher complex car-

CONNOR: Gets all the vitamins,
nutrients she needs from her diet

supply of vitamins and minerals
and particularly the antioxidants.
And I don’t smoke.

“J eat a huge variety in the vege-
table arena. We eat spinach regu-
larly, and sweet potatoes and
squash that are loaded with antiox-
idants. The dark green and orange
vegetables are more concentrated
in the beta carotene and C. All the
foods in the vegetable kingdom in-
clude some. By eating a big vari-
ety, you'll naturally get mixtures of
them.”

Dr. James H. Moller

> Title: President of the American Heart Association

> Vitamins: “I take 500 milligrams of vitamin C and
400 1.U. of vitamin E.”

» Comments: “Last time I was in to have a checkup, I
asked my doctor (an internist) if he was taking vitamins.
He said he took them. But he didn’t have a strong recom-
mendation.

“From what I've read I've gotten the impression that
it may be a benefit, and it seemed like there was not a
lot of risk or complications from doing so.

“As far as the heart association is concerned, we
haven't said anything about vitamins. It’s something we
need to study and to look at what the benefit is, I think
we need more information before the American Heart
Association would make a recommendation.

“Also, we (he and his wife) eat a pretty heaithy diet
— fresh fruits, vegetables and salad. And I think that is
important.”

MOLLER: He eats well but still takes supplements
daily because ‘it may be a benefit’ with iittle risk.

461

Jane Fonda

> Title: Star of 18 fitness videos, author of several books

> Vitamins: Takes a multivitamin with antioxidants,
1,500 milligrams of calcium, 2,000 milligrams of vitamin C.
Takes a maximum of 4,000 milligrams of vitamin C when
she feels a cold coming on.

» Comments: From her book: Jane Fonda's New Work-
out & Weight-Loss
Program (Simon &
Schuster, $13):
“Like many others,
I've long advocated
daily nutritional
supplements as an
insurance policy
for obtaining at
least 100% of the
RDAs. Ideally, hav-
ing a well-balanced
diet is all most of us
would ever need to
ensure our getting
the full range of vi-
tamins and miner-
als. In fact, the food
you eat is always
the place to start
Food, your natural
vitamin pill, should
come first. No sup-
plement can make
up for poor or inad-
equate food
choices... .

“There is one nu-
trient in particular,
however, which
most women will
find they need to
supplement sepa-
rately: the mineral
calcium. Diets low
in calcium are
commonplace, I've FONDA: Has long advocated the
learned. The aver- use of daily nutritional supplements
age women con-
sumes far less than the recommended daily allowance. In
fact, the average calcium deficiency is associated with sig-
nificant bone loss and is believe to be one of the major
causes of bones thinning to the breaking point — the dis-
ease known as osteoporosis, the most common and greatest
health threat to women in their later years.”

462

1993 showed an astounding average life
span of only 58 years (you can gain 20
years statistically by just not going to
medical school!) when you look at all
causes. Many people will quickly come
to their doctors defense and say, "yes, they
die early because of a high-stress
profession.”

According to one study by King,
doctors and lawyers both have shorter life
spans than teachers and clergymen of
various faiths. Another study showed that
there was a higher death rate amongst

medical than for surgical specialists
within the first 25 years after graduation.
The excess of doctor death is ascribed to
heart disease, stroke, diabetes and
suicide.

Looking at the specific causes of death
we find that doctors die of a
disproportionately high rate of
preventable nutritional deficiency
diseases (Table 12-2). As a whole medical
doctors refuse to take supplements of the
essential 90 nutrients so the medical
profession makes a great control group

Table 12-2. Causes of Death In American Allopathic Physicians.

Cause of Death
Cardiomyopathy

Coronary disease
(including aneurysms & stroke)

Cerebrovascular disease
(including aneurysms & stroke)

Aneurysms
Diabetes
Liver cirrhosis

Cancer

Suicide

Alzheimer's disease

Nutritional Deficiency
Selenium, Vitamin E, essential fatty acids

Selenium, Vitamin E, vitamin C
magnesium, copper, essential fatty acids

Same as above

Copper
Chromium, Vanadium, Zinc
Selenium, Copper, Sulfur

Selenium, Tin, Zinc, Gallium, Vitamin E (all types) ,
beta carotene, Germanium, Vitamin C

Lithium, Chromium, Vanadium

Vitamin E, Selenium, Thiamine

1. Clever,L. H. and Arsham, G. M.: Physicians’ Own Health - Some Advice for the Advisors. In: Personal Health

Maintenance (special issue). West. J. Med. 141:846.1984.

2. Ullman,D. et al.: Cause-Specific Mortality Among Physicians With Differing Life-Styles. JAMA. 265:2352. May

8,1991.

463

PRELEREED

REELED

for those of us who do supplement.The
exceptions were the lactovegetarian
Adventist physicians graduating from
Loma Linda University who lived longer
than other physicians and reaching the
U.S. average of only 75.5 - this is because
they do not drink alcohol or do drugs
(Adventists did have a higher death rate
from small plane and fast car accidents -
wealthy California doctors can afford fast
cars and their own planes).

In addition to examining learned
material and great academic surveys
published in medical journals we also
began a hobby of collecting obituaries of
doctors that appear in daily news papers
to get a random street view of what is
going on with individual flesh and blood
doctors - this may sound morbid to some
or even cruel, however, if they are going
to pontificate on health and nutrition they
put themselves under our scrutiny.

Clarence Darrow, the lawyer of the
famous “Scopes Monkey trial” said it best
when he stated,”I do not like to see
anyone die, but there are some obituaries
I have enjoyed reading.” Darrow’s feelings
are identical to our own, and while we do
not cry out for physician deaths, their
published obituaries are public
information and it would be such a shame
to to let their failings go unannounced.

According to the Register General of
England physicians had a higher death
rate from intestinal disease than any other
profession or trade (Table 12-3).
Nutritional deficiencies that result in
intestinal disease include niacin,
thiamine, selenium, vitamin E, beta
carotene, zinc, vitamin C, etc.

It is therefore obvious that we must
depend on ourselves and the information
we gather to prevent and treat nutritional

diseases. We contract with no doctor or
technician to keep us healthy and we only
use our “health insurance benefits” when
we screw up and believe we must go to a
doctor of some kind (usually the best
specialist money can buy if we have
“good” insurance).

There are many sects of
vegetarianism, usually they are very
zealous in their beliefs and their efforts
to convert meat-eaters to their way of life
(There are few confrontations more
energetic than a vegan trying to convert
a meat-eater into “seeing the light.”).

There are books by and about famous
vegetarians (i.e.- Isaac Bashevis Singer,
Cloris Leachman, Dick Gregory, Dr.
Gordon Lotto, Swami Satchidananda, Dr.
Alan Long, Marty Feldman, Muriel, the
Lady Dowding, Dennis Weaver, Brigid
Brophy, Malcolm Muggeridge, Susan

Table 12-3. Deaths From Intestinal
Diseases By Profession or Trade

Profession/Trade Percent of Deaths
Physicians and Surgeons 50
Inn keepers 45
Lawyers 44
Merchant seamen 43
Clergymen 34
Butchers 30
Common carriers 28
Farmers 25
Gardeners 22
Railway guards and porters 20
Agricultural laborers 19

464

PRRERRELOD

PRRERERED

Obituary Listing sme

AKBARI, Asadolah, 49; Las Cruces, NM;
Pahlavi Medical School, University of Te-
heran, Tehran, Iran, 1968; certified hy the
American Board of Radiology; died June
1992,

ARMENTROUT, John Patrick, 45; Olympia,

Wash; University of Utoh School of Medi-
; certified hy the American Board

Practice; died May 19, 1992.

BALLANTINE, Jerome J., (i), @ St Cloud,
Minn; Indiona University School of Medi-
cine, 1956; certified by the American Board
of Internal Medicine; died May 9, 1992.

BARAK, Sluart, 62; Southfield, Mich; Woyne
State University School of Medicine, 1954,
certified by the American Board of Surgery;
died May 5, 1992.

BARWICK, William James, 47, @ Durham,
NC; University of Tennessee College of Med-
eine, 1971; certified by the American Board
of Surgery and the American Board of Plas-
tic Surgery; died May 30, 1992.

BRENTJENS, Jan R., 55; Buffalo, NY; Fac-
ulteit der Geneeskunde, Rijksuniversiteit te
Leiden, the Netherlands, 1964; died August
8, 1992.

BRONSON, Willlam E., Jr, 55; Columbus,
Ohio; Ohio State University College of Med-
icine, 1962; died June 21, 1992.

BUCHBINDER, Mandel, 60; Woodland Hills,
Calif; University of Illinois College of Med-
icine, 1958; certified by the American Board
of Internal Medicine; died August 20, 1992.

CARANGI, Robert Lawrence, 54; Woodland
Hills, Calif; State University of New York at
Syracuse School of Medicine, 1967; certified
by the American Board of Radiology; died
August 21, 1992.

CARSON, John Dougias, 64; Longmont, Colo;
University of Nebraska College of Medicine,
1952; certified by the American Board of Ob-
stetrics and Gynecology; died November 7,
1991.

EDWARDS, David L., Sr, 85, © Tulsa, Okla;
Northwestern University Medical School,
1932; certified by the American Board of Oph-
thalmology; died June 23, 1992.

FAUST, Howard Macy, 60; Anderson, Ind;
Indiana University School of Medicine, 1957;
died August 14, 1992.

@ indicates member of the Amencan Medical
Association

Obtuary listing compiled by the Department of
Physician Biographic Records

422 JAMA, January 20, 1993—Vol 269, No 3

FIDUCIA, Joseph Paul, 55; Middlefield, Conn;
Faculty of Medicine, The Queen's Universi-
ty of Belfast, ireland, 1965; certified by the
American Board of Obstetries and Gynecol
ogy; died August 10,

FRANK, Sumner, 633; Boston, Mass, Unrer
sity af Lowismille School of Medicine, 19%
died January 28, 1992.

FRANKLIN, David Allan, 33, @ Houston,
Baylor College of Medicrne, 1985
gust 6, 1992.

GALLAGHER, Philip George, (2; Chestnut
Hill, Mass, Twis Umversity School of Med
icine, 1955; certified hy the American Board
of Surgery; died April 7, 1992.

HAYWOOD, John Gerry, 63; Noblesville, Ind;
Indiana University School of Medicine, 1954;
died August 16. 1

HITZELBERGER, Anion, 64,@ Columbus,
Ga; Medizinische Fakultat, Alhert-Ludwigs-
Universitat Freiburgim Breisgau, Badem-
Wurttemberg, Germany, 1953; died May 19,
1992,

HYLAND, Joseph Michael, 47, @ Topeka,
Kan; National University of Ireland, Dub-
lin, 1968; certified by the American Board of
Psychiatry and Neurology; died September
13, 1992,

KEARNS, Edward Eugene, 64; Houston, Tex;
Baylor College of Medicine, 1953; died June
12, 1992.

KEITH, Thomas Arbuthnot, 64, @ Cincinnati,
Ohio; University of Cincinnati Callege of
Medicine, 1955; certified by the American
Board of Internal Medicine; died May 24,
1992.

KELLAM, Donald Switt, 60, @ Charlotte, NC;
George Washington University School of
Medicine and Health Sciences, 1955; certi-
fied by the American Board of Orthopaedic
Surgery; died May 15, 1992,

KOCH, Leonard Irving, 60, @ Lubbock, Tex;
University of Teras Medical Branch at
Galveston, 1956; certified by the American
Board of Plastic Surgery; died June 25, 1992.

KRUPKA, Miles Albert, 43; Berwyn, Ill; Uni-
versity of Illinois College of Medicine, 1975
died January 28, 1992.

LEVENSTEIN, Pamela C., 41; Boca Raton,
Fla; Tulane University School of Medicine,
1977; died June 4, 1992.

LOTT, John Drew, 57; Roseburg, Ore; Loma
Linda University School of Medicine, 1959;
died October 24, 1991

MAISEL, Stanley D.,35; Hallandale, Fla; Uni
versity of Health Sciences, College of Osteo
pathic Medicine, 1982; certified hy the Amer.
ican Board of Family Practice; died Febru.
ary 21, 1990.

MANTEL, Fred, 52; Bloomfield, Conn; New
York University School of Medieme, 1964;
certified by the American Board of Surgery
and the American Beard of Colon and Rectal
Surgery; died January 2, 1992.

McDONALD, George, 65; New York, NY;
New York Medical College, 1955; certified hy
the American Board of Ophthalmology; died
July 24, 1992,

McKEE Thomas Preston, 84, @ Johnson City,
Tenn; University of Virginia School of Med-
icine, 1931; certified by the American Board
of Ophthalmology and the American Board
of Otolaryngology; died June 22, 1992.

MIRZAI, Mahmood, 62, @ Wailukil, Hawaii;
Pahlavi Medical School, University of Te-
heran, Tehran, Iran, 1955; died December 2,
1991

NANNI, Gregg Scott, 38; Bradenton, Fla; Uni-
versity of Virginia School af Medicine, 1980;
certified by the American Board of Radiol-
ogy; died March 18, 1992.

PATEL, Babu S., 56; W Long Branch, NJ;
B.J. Medical College, Gujarat University,
Ahmedabad, India, 1961; certified by the
American Board of Anesthesiology; died April
4, 1992.

PLEWES, John Lawrence, 45, @ Oklahoma
City, Okla; Queens University, Faculty of
Medicine, Kingston, Ontario, 1970; certified
by the American Board of Anesthesiology;
died June 21, 1992.

POGGI, Joseph Thomas, Jr, 55, @ Scotts
dale, Ariz; University of Illinois College of
Medicine, 1961, certified by the American
Board of Obstetrics and Gynecology; died
July 3, 1992.

PRINE, John Mitton, 64; Arlington, Tex;
University of Teras Medical Branch ot
Galveston, 1952; died May 5, 1992.

PRITCHETT, John H., Jr, 72, @ Bremen, Ga;
Vanderbilt University School of Medicine,
1943; died May 26, 1992.

SCHISGALL, Richard M., 59; Potomac, Md;
New York University School of Medicine,
1957; certified by the American Board of Sur-
gery; died April 20, 1991.

SEAGLE, Lee Marcus, 59, ® Hickory,
Duke University School of Medicine, 1
died May 22, 1992.

SMITH, Betty Lou McGinnis, 55; Ellenhoro,
NC; Tulane University School of Medicine,

1973; died May 7, 1992,

Obituary Listing

465

PERRLERED

Bec

|

ST.LOUIS POST-DISPATCH

SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1993

Dr. Theodore Paletta; Creve Coeur Cardiologist

Dr. Theodore L. Paletta, a cardiologist here, died
Saturday (Sept. 18, 1993) at Missouri Baptist Hospital of
a cerebral hemorrhage. He was 56.

Dr. Paletta, of Creve Coeur, was born in Arnold, Pa. He
graduated from the University of Pittsburgh and got his
medical degree from the University of Cincinnati Medical
School.

While serving in the Army as chief of medicine and
cardiology at an Army hospital in Vietnam, he was the
first physician to implant a pacemaker there and the first
to organize a cardiac intensive care unit. He was honored
by the Chinese and Vietnamese governments for his
efforts.

He was in private practice in the St. Louis area since
the early 1970s. He was on staff at Missouri Baptist
Hospital, St. Louis University Hospital, St. Joseph’s Hos-
pital of Kirkwood, St. Mary’s Health Center and DePaul
Health Center. He was a clinical instructor of cardiology
at St. Louis University.

He was a member of numerous medical organizations
and a past vice president and counselor of both the

Dr. Stanley B. Lyss, 57;

Dr. Stanley B. Lyss, a pediatrician and community
leader, died Friday (Sept. 17, 1993) at St. Mary’s Health
Center in Richmond Heights after a heart attack. He was
57

Dr. Lyss, of Clayton, was in private practice and on the
staff of St. Louis Children's Hospital for the last 26 years.
From 1981 to 1983, he was president of the medical staff
at the hospital. He also was also on the staffs at Barnes
and Jewish hospitals and St. John’s Mercy Medical
Center.

He served on many community boards and committees,
including the Clayton Schoo] Board, the Clayton Task
Force on Drug Abuse and the Good Shepard School for
Children.

He was also a consultant and adviser to several commu-
nity groups and a member of many national, state and
local professional groups.

He was vice president of the Shaare Emeth Congrega-
tion and a past chairman of several committees there.

He got the Jewish Federation of St. Louis Leadership
Award in 1974 and was selected with the Best Doctors in
America in 1975 and in 1980,

Missouri State Medical Association
and the St. Louis Metropolitan Medi-
cal Society.

He was the recipient of the Physi-
cian's Recognition Award from the
American Medical Association in
1988 and in 1991.

A funeral Mass will be celebrated
at 11 am. Tuesday at St. Monica

Paletta Catholic Church, 12136 Olive Boule-
vard, Creve Coeur. Visitation will be from 3 to 9 p.m.

Monday at Kreigshauser Mortuary-West, 9450 Olive
Boulevard, Olivette. The body will be entombed in Calva-
ry Mausoelum.

Among the survivors are his mother, Josephine Cap-
pone Paletta of Creve Coeur; a sister, Mary Ann L.
Paletta of Creve Coeur; and two brothers, Drs. Frank L.
Paletta and Victor L. Paletta, both of Creve Coeur.

Memorial contributions may be made to the American
Heart Association.

Clayton Pediatrician

Dr. Lyss was born in Clayton and
graduated from Clayton High School.
He earned his bachelor’s degree from
Harvard University and his medical
degree from Washington University
School of Medicine, where he was an
assistant professor of clinical
pediatrics.

A funeral service will be at 2:30

Lyss p.m. Sunday at Shaare Emeth Tem-
ple, 11645 Ladue Road, Creve Coeur. Burial will be in
Beth Hamedrosh Hagodo] Cemetery.

Among the survivors are his wife of 32 years, Esther
Bryan Lyss; three daughters, Sherly Lyss, Julie L and
Pamela Ly all of Clayton; and two brothers, Ronald
Lyss of Creve Coeur and Dr. Carl Lyss of Clayton.

Instead of flowers, memorial contributions may be
made to the Stanley B. Lyss Adult Education Fund in care
of Shaare Emeth Congregation, 11645 Ladue Road, St.
Louis, Mo., 63141 or to the St. Louis Children’s Hospital.

466

MONDAY,

JUNE 7, 1993

Sister Ann Mangana

Sister Ann Manganaro, a nun and
pediatrician from Webster Groves
who worked in El Salvador, died Sun-
day (June 6, 1993) at her mother's
home in Webster Groves after suffer-
ing from breast cancer. She was 46.

Sister Manganaro began working
with Jesuit Relief Services in January
1988 in El Salvador. She served in the
neighboring villages of Guarjila and
Los Ranchos, in the northern province
of Chalatenango.

While in El] Salvador, Sister Man-
ganaro operated a clinic in Guarjila
and started a program that trained
health-care workers.

She joined the Sisters of Loretto in
1964 and took her final vows in De-
cember 1976.

Sister Manganaro was a graduate of
Nerinx Hall High School and Webster
College, now Webster University. She
graduated with honors from St. Louis
University School of Medicine. She
worked in the emergency room at
Cardinal Glennon Children’s Hospital
for several years before going to El
Salvador. Sister Manganaro also
taught at St. Louis University for a
short time.

While still in St. Louis, Sister Man-
ganaro founded The Neighborhood
School in the Skinker-DeBaliviere
area, and in 1977, was among the
founders of the St. Louis Catholic

ro, 46; Pediatrician

Workers
Community.

She also taught
at the old Rock
Community
School here and
at New City
School in the
Central West
End.

A funeral Mass
will be celebrat-
ed at 1 p.m. Wednesday at Holy Re-
deemer Catholic Church, 17 Joy Ave-
nue in Webster Groves. Visitation will
be from 3 p.m. to 9 p.m. Tuesday at the
Loretto Center on the Nerinx Hall
campus, 590 East Lockwood Avenue
in Webster Groves. She donated her
body to science.

Among survivors are her mother,
Mildred Manganaro of Webster
Groves; five sisters, Mary Manganaro
of St. Louis, Kathy Richey and Teresa
Norman, both of Webster Groves, Ei-
leen George of Chicago, and Lisa Man-
ganaro of Clayton; and three brothers.
John Manganaro of St. Louis, Frank
Manganaro of Webster Groves, and
Bill Manganaro of Evergreen, Colo.

Memorial contributions may be
made to the Sisters of Loretto El Sal-
vador Fund, 590 East Lockwood Ave-
nue, Webster Groves, Mo., 63119-3279.

Manganaro

467

FRIDAY, APR

ST.LOUIS POST-

(aaa |

IL 15, 1994

DISPATCH

OBITUARIES

Dr. Kenneth Hirsch Solomon;
Psychiatrist, Author, Musician

Dr. Kenneth Hirsch Solomon, a
geriatric psychiatrist, author and mu-
sician, died Tuesday (April 12, 1994)
at St. Luke’s Hospital in west St.
Louis County after a brief illness.

He was 46 and lived in Creve
Coeur.

Dr. Solomon was an associate pro-
fessor of psychiatry in geriatric psy-
chiatry at St. Louis University School
of Medicine since 1989. He was also
an associate professor in the school’s
department of internal medicine
since last year.

He wrote three books, including
one of poetry. Dr. Solomon also was
the author or co-author of nearly 80
professional papers and articles.

He gave more than 500 lectures in
the United States, Canada and Brazil.

He was an accomplished jazz and
classical pianist. He performed with
noted jazz musician Jack DeJohnette
and played backup for Natalie Cole
and for the Ink Spots.

Dr. Solomon was born in Brooklyn,

N.Y. He earned a bachelor's degree
in history in 1967 from New York
University and his medical degree in
1971 from the State University of
New York at Buffalo.

A funeral service was held Thurs-
day at Berger Memorial, 4715
McPherson Avenue. Another funeral
service will be held at 11 a.m. today
at Levison Brothers Funeral Home in
Baltimore. Burial will be in
Baltimore.

Among survivors are his wife, Dr.
Barbara W. Brown; a daughter, Lori
Funderburk of Vanceboro, N.C.; a
son, David Karl Solomon of Colum-
bia, Mo.; his parents, Estelle Reitman
of Patchogue, N.Y., and Solomon Sol-
omon Solomon of Fort Lauderdale,
Fla.; anda sister, Susanne Policano of
Middleton, Wis.

Memorial contributions may be
made to the Traditional Congrega-
tion of Creve Coeur, 12437 Ladue
Road, St. Louis, Mo., 63141.

468

THE NEW YORK TIMES OBITUARIES TUESDAY, APRIL 26, 1994

Robert L. Krigel, 44, Physician;
Led Hospital Residents’ Protest

By WOLFGANG SAXON

Dr. Robert Lowell Krigel, a cancer
specialist who led a 1979 campaign in
New York City to relieve the grinding
work schedules of hospital interns
and residents, died on Sunday at his
home in Elkins Park, Pa. He was 44.

The cause was angiosarcoma of the
liver, a rare cancerous tumor, the
Fox Chase Cancer Center in Philadel-
phia reported. Dr. Krigel (pro-
nounced KREE-ghel) was director of
hematology at Fox Chase from 1984
until last year.

He specialized in cancers of the
blood and immune system. At his
death, he was chief of hematology
and oncology as well as director of
the cancer program at Lankenau
Hospital in suburban Wynnewood,
Pa., while continuing to work as a
researcher and consultant for Fox
Chase.

A native of Kansas City, Mo., Dr.
Krigel was a high school wrestling
star and graduated from the Univer-
sity of Pennsylvania in 1971. He re-
ceived his medical degree from
Mount Sinai School of Medicine in

New York and trained in internal
medicine at the State University of
New York Downstate Medical Center
in Brooklyn, where he served as chief
resident, and at Kings County Medi-
cal Center.

It was at Kings County, in January
1979, that he doffed his white coat and
stethoscope, put on a blue parka and,
armed with a bullhorn, led some 100
interns and residents in a one-day
protest outside. The protest, which
received widespread attention, was
staged to criticize a cut in financing
and to-seek a reduced work week,
which often reached 80 to 96 hours.

The protesters returned to the hos-
pital as needed, but their picketing
had no immediate effect. Only
through legislative action a few years
ago were the work schedules light-
ened because of evidence that the
wearying hours could affect a young
doctor's judgment.

Dr. Krigel went on to train in hema-
tology and oncology at the New York
University Medical Center, where he
played a role in the clinical manage-
ment of A1DS and AIDS-related can-
cers. He was among the first doctors
to treat AIDS patients with chemo-

The New York Times, 1975
Dr. Robert Lowell Krigel

therapy and biological agents known
as interferons.

Dr. Krigel is survived by his wife,
Dr. D. Bonnie Perlmutter; their chil-
dren, Jonathan, 11, and Anna, 7; his
parents, Melvin and Selvi, of Kansas
City, and two brothers, Michael, of
Sunnyvale, Calif., and Barry, of Shaw-
nee Mission, Kan.

469

ST.LOUIS POST-DISPATCH

IHUNSDAY, JULY 29, 1993

Dr. Gail L. Clark, 47; Was Cardiologist

Dr. Gail L. Clark, a cardiologist
and head of the cardiac rehabilitation
program at St. Luke's Hospital in
west St. Louis County, died Monday
(July 26, 1993) at St. Mary’s Health
Center in Richmond Heights after
suffering a heart attack. She was 47.

Dr. Clark lived in University City.

She was a native of Rochester,
N.Y. She began her medical career as
a nurse in the coronary care unit at
Barnes Hospital, which opened in
1969. She then enrolled at St. Louis
University Medical School and gradu-
ated in 1974.

“She was highly respected as a
cardiologist and a leader in the field
of stress medicine as it relates to
heart disease,” said Dr. Robert
Paine, cardiologist and clinical pro-
fessor at Washington University
School of Medicine.

Dr. Clark was a member of the St.
Louis Society of Internal Medicine.

A funeral Mass
will be held at 10
a.m. Friday at
Our Lady of
Lourdes Church,
7148 Forsyth
Boulevard. Buri-
al will follow at
Resurrection
Cemetery in Aff-
ton. No visitation

will be held.

Among survivors are her husband,
Kenneth W. Clark, two daughters,
Sara FE. Clark and Emily J. Clark, and
two sons, Scott W. Clark and Christo-
pher RK. Clark, all of University City;
her mother, Elizabeth D. Bonmele of
Rochester; two sisters, Ethel McCor-
mack of Norfolk, Va., and Connie
Campisi of Rochester; and two broth-
ers, Gary Lergner of Southern Pines,
N.C., and Robert Bommele of
Rochester.

470

Wednesday, March 2, 1994

THE DENVER POST

OBITUARIES

@ AUTHOR Dr. Stuart Berger, a
writer of best-selling diet and
health books, died Feb. 23 at his
New York City home. He was 40.

The New York City medical ex-
aminer’s office said the cause of
death had not been determined.

Berger wrote several books in
which he advocated healing and di-
eting techniques based on nutrition
and improving the strength of the
body’s immune system. He con-
tended that his programs would
result in increased longevity and
promised a long life to patients
who followed his advice.

“Dr. Berger’s Immune Power
Diet,” a No. 1 best-seller in the ad-
vice category, described how Ber-
ger, who was 6 feet, 74 inches
tall, reduced his weight to 210
pounds from 420. At the time of his
death, his weight was 365 pounds,
a preliminary autopsy report said.

Berger, who was known for the
Southampton Diet, also wrote
“Forever Young — 20 Years
Younger in 20 Weeks” and “How to
be Your Own Nutritionist.”

THE NEW york TIMES OBITUARIES

THURSDAY, MARCH 31, 1994

Dr. Steven R. Kohn

Professor, 51

Dr. Steven R. Kohn, professor of
dermatology at the Yale University
School of Medicine, died on March 23
at his home in Guilford, Conn. He was.

The cause was cardiac arrest, said
a brother, Donald.

Dr. Kohn joined the Yale faculty
four years ago after serving on the
staffs of the Columbia University Col-
lege of Physicians and Surgeons and
the Hackensack Medical Center. He
was a graduate of Rutgers University
and the Boston University School of
Medicine.

He is survived by his mother, Adele
Kohn of Fort Lee, N.J., and two broth-
ers, Dr. Donald Kohn and James
Kohn, both of Guilford.

Ed

Saint-James, Helen and Scott Nearing,
Frances Moore Lappe, and Ellen
Buchman Ewald) which do an extremely
good job of cataloging emotional,
pollution (i.e.- antibiotics and hormones),
and geopolitical (i.e.-population vs. food
efficiency) reasons for being an
“enlightened vegan,” they do an excellent
job of instructing apprentice vegans and
various sects of vegetarianism on how to
mix colors (“generally, don’t eat anything
brown or white and only eat foods that
are colorful: purple, red, orange, yellow,
green - a vibrant artists palette, so that
they picture for you and your own palette
something mouth watering. The only
exceptions would be brown rice, grains,
potatoes with the skins on.” - Cloris
Leachman); how to mix grains and how
to mix grain and bean recipes properly to
assure the proper intake of a complete
protein (essential amino acids); however,
when one looks in the index for a
discussion of vitamins and minerals the
program begins to acquire holes.

One can theoretically (if you eat 15 to
25 separate grains, vegetables, fruits and
nuts each day) get all of the calories,
essential amino acids, vitamins, essential
fatty acids they require from a well
thought out vegetarian diet, that is if the
proper amino acids are eaten together in
the right proportions. There is no need to
fear that vegetable protein might be
inferior. Protein is protein and amino
acids are amino acids whether they occur
in roast beef or mung beens. It is
important for the vegetarian to include
foods from the four main food categories
for “complete” protein: grains, legumes,
seeds and dairy products.” - Ellen
Buchman Ewald) using vegetables, whole
grains, legumes, nuts and fruit; however,

in these terrible days of pollution and
stress I would not risk my life on what I
can theoretically get from my food any
more than I would put dirt from the Texas
“oil patch” in my car’s oil pan and “hope”
there is oil in it-we supplement with
several times the American RDA of each
of the vitamins, if we are going to do
stressful things either physically or
emotionally or if we are going to eat a
high carbohydrate diet on a particular day
we may take in 100 times the RDA of B-
complex vitamins. Minerals are another
story and one cannot depend on getting
minerals from grains, vegetables, fruits
and nuts - one must without fail
supplement with all 60 minerals - plants
cannot manufacture minerals, the soils
are depleted of minerals; we cannot be
healthy, be creative and productive or
fulfill our genetic potential for longevity
without minerals!!!.

The various versions of the
“vegetarian” diet (Table 12-4) and
macrobiotic diets are impractical as a life
long dietary program for 95% of
Americans because of the time required
to do a good job of re-education, food
procurement and_ preparation.
Additionally, the American farm and
range soils are so depleted of minerals
(U.S. Senate Document 264 and the 1992
Earth Summit Report) that these diets
must be heavily supplemented with plant
derived colloidal minerals to prevent
serious mineral deficiencies and their
resultant symptoms, debilitating diseases
and even death - even an updated
macrobiotic diet contains fish for
extended participation such as practiced
by cancer patients.

Juicing is one of the greatest ways I
know of to get fresh and natural sources

472

Table 12-4. Basic Types of Human
Dietary Philosophies.

Description

100% maintenance

on grains, vege-

tables, fruits

and nuts.
Ovovegetarian add eggs to
vegan diet
Lactovegetarian add dairy to
vegan diet
Ovolactovegetarian add eggs & dairy
to vegan diet
“Vegetarian” add poultry, fish
eggs and dairy to
(in fact an
omnivore diet)
vegan diet

consumes all
known food types

Omnivore

Carnivore Consumes primarily
animal products
(i.e.- meat, organ
meats, eggs,
dairy,etc.)

of beta carotene, vitamin C, folic acid and
some of the B-complex vitamins (not B,,)i
however, juicing will not provide a
warrantied spectrum of all 60 essential
minerals or sufficient amounts of each
mineral. After seven years of being
associated with Mexican cancer hospitals

we can say with great accuracy that
almost all patients (other than the Amish)
were on some form of vegetarian and or
juicing program long before they
contracted cancer.

Vegans are people who consume
absolutely no animal products;
unsupplemented vegans are in a life
threatening danger zone as they are
totally dependent on plants for their
sources of minerals, vitamins, protein,
carbohydrates and essential fatty acids.
Plants as a group can take CO, from the
air and manufacture vitamins, proteins,
essential fatty acids and carbohydrates as
these food essentials are basically carbon
chains (molecules of carbons strung
together in various configurations to form
specific essential compounds).
Unfortunately plants can’t manufacture
minerals and this is where vegans enter
the life threatening zone of mineral
deficiencies (i.e. cancer, cardiomyopathy,
aneurysms, Alzheimer’s Disease, etc.).

The ovovegetarian, lactovegetarian
and ovolactovegetarian diets are more
complete than the vegan diet from the
standpoint of access to more usable and
complete forms of protein and more
minerals as animal products contain
much higher levels of major minerals,
trace minerals and Rare Earths than do
plants.

The omnivore diet covers all kinds of
mixed diet types and ethnic diets that
include various combinations of fish,
poultry, lean red meat, as well as grains,
vegetables, nuts and fruit; these broad
spectrum ethnic diets are the most
practical from the standpoint of time and
accessibility as well as the most likely
human dietary practices that contain the
maximum levels of nutrition from non-

473

=y_—____

supplemented food combinations.

The diets consumed by the “Age-
beaters” (i.e.- Tibetans, Hunzas, Russian
Georgians, Armenians, Azerbaijanies,
Abkhazians, Turks, Vilcabambas and
Titicacas) are in fact omnivore diets
heavily supplemented with colloidal
minerals from “Glacial Milk” (drinking
and irrigation thus into their crops). The
omnivore diet is the most complete
universal survival program that nature
can provide; however, even un-
supplemented omnivore diets fall far
short for providing optimal amounts of
essential nutrients required for all of the
basic processes of life and for the 90
essential nutrients needed to reach the
age of 100 because of soil depletion - no
minerals in the soil therefore no minerals
in our grains, vegetables, nuts and fruits.

Carnivore diets consumed by the
traditional Eskimo societies above the
Arctic Circle are adequate sources of most
nutrients as the animals they eat
“harvest” the basic nutrients from the sea
or the tundra. Although the Eskimo diet
is comprised 90% of meat (i.e.- whale
meat, whale blubber, walrus meat, walrus
blubber, reindeer meat, fish, etc.) and
bone, they do not have heart disease,
cholesterol problems or strokes. The
salmon and other cold water fish in their
diet provide rich sources of the essential
fatty acids required by the liver to
properly process cholesterol] and prevent
platelet clumping.

Eating organ meats such as liver and
kidney can significantly increase the
availability of selenium, sulfur, cobalt,
molybdenum and zinc, but again an
exclusive meat diet excludes suitable
levels of calcium, magnesium and
manganese, etc. resulting in typical

disease pictures for pure carnivores (i.e.-
short stature, arthritis, osteoporosis,
tooth loss, “Repetitive Motion
Syndrome,” aneurysms, skin wrinkles,
etc.).

After 30 years of frustrating crusades
trying to get vegans to eat fish and eggs
and carnivores to eat more vegetables,
we came to the realization that we could
not change significant numbers of zealots
from any dietary or nutritional camp or
philosophy to the middle ground so we
decided to find a universal concept that
would be acceptable to all and at the
same time accomplish the purpose of
optimal individual nutrition that would
get maximal numbers of people through
the hoops necessary to fulfill their genetic
potential for longevity (120 to 140 years).

At first, we tried to formulate and
calculate dietary programs for each
nutritional cult, sect, fad and concept, but
quickly realized that by it’s very nature
trying to provide optimal nutrition
through unsupplemented diets to any
and all groups was faulty and reckless.
We realized we couldn’t change truck
drivers and farmers from steaks and
chops to organically grown broccoli any
more than we could convert cats to
vegetarianism, and by the same token we
couldn’t change yuppies from bran
muffins, yogurt and expresso to eggs soft
scrambled in butter and hot cakes for
breakfast any more than we could
convert horses to eating red meat. And
lastly try to get Americans to go on a
1,200 to 1,800 calorie a day “under-
nutrition” program - that’s as difficult as
trying to get Americans to join the
Russian army!!!

Even if we had been successful in
putting together a collection of such diets

474

the wide spread education and marketing
challenges of such programs necessary to
get them to the “guy on the street” was
an economic horror and an energy sink
far beyond our capabilities - after all the
American government’s “best efforts”
with unlimited resources (our resources)
was an abysmal failure (for $7 million
they came up with the 6 food group
pyramid!!!).

It quickly became apparent that the
only hope for being universally successful
in our goal to help the average American
to surpass the current longevity average
of 75.5 and live to be over 100 was to
employ the financially successful and
result orientated methods used by the
veterinary and agricultural industries -
preventive herd health programs. The
plan was coming together!!

No matter who they were, we wanted
people to be able to see food and eat it
with out having to count calories,
consider RDA's, become a sociopath and
“food combine” (the Diamond’s Fit for
Life Diets) or to spend their lives
shopping for special foods - so we decided
to let people eat whatever they wanted -
what a concept! See food and eat it
(“Chicken in a fish place! I love this
country!!”)! The See-Food Diet was
born!!!

The first task was to focus our culinary
effort towards eliminating the negative
aspects of human eating habits without
tampering with anyone’s religious or
conceptual choices of dietary needs or
goals or their perception of just plain fun
foods (i.e.- pizza, tacos, hot dogs, burgers
-especially burgers - they’re Dr. Wallach’s
favorite!!!). So we decided to first
eliminate free radicals.

To accomplish

the universal

elimination of free radicals we came up
with a simple short list:

- No deep fried food (heated poly-

unsaturated oils are killers - they

have killed more Americans than

all of our military losses from all of

our past wars)

- No vegetable oils (no, not even extra

virgin olive oil or frozen desserts!)

- No salad dressings (use lemon juice

& spices or vinegar & spices)

- No margarine (use butter, ghee,

mutton fat or water for cooking)

It may take awhile to wean off of salad
dressing so use an old trick to help
yourself - put salad dressing in a side cup
and dip your fork into it before getting a
forkful of salad - not only will you cut
calories but you will have started
eliminating free radicals (trans fatty
acids).

The next step in the See-Food Diet
program is to eliminate sugar, natural and
processed (sugar loads increase the
normal rate of mineral loss in sweat and
urine by 300 % for 12 hours - so if you
have honey on your English muffin for
breakfast, ice cream for dessert at lunch
and a pastry for dinner dessert, no
amount of mineral supplementation or no
diet will ever allow you to keep up with
or make up for your mineral losses).

Not only will you shed unwanted
pounds by giving up sugar, but your
thinking will be clearer, you will be less
irritable and if you have hypoglycemia
you will be half way home towards fixing
your problem! :

- No apple juice (the raw fruit

is alright)

- No grape juice

- No honey

- No molasses

475

- No table sugar (its better to use

the “blue stuff” or learn to like

the taste of herbal teas

and decaffeinated coffees black)

- No corn syrup

- No fructose

- No candy (yep - no chocolate!!)

- No colas or soft drinks (water,

herbal tea, decaf coffee and juice)

- No ice cream

- No pastries

- No boxed or bagged cereals

If during the process of giving up sugar
you get the “munchies” or feel the need
to go on the classic “chocoholic” binge
take loz. of plant derived colloidal
minerals per 100 pounds of body weight
in 4 to 6 oz. of Calcium Enriched Minute
Maid orange juice - even if it’s ten times
a day at the start (remember - cravings
or pica are the sure sign of mineral
deficiencies!!).

Lastly the unifying aspect of the See-
Food Diet is to supplement with all 90
nutrients (Table 12-5 to 12-8) to warranty
your optimal daily intake - don’t depend
on food to be your source of micro-
nutrients - don’t throw away significant
healthful years (up to 140) like you would
junk mail - think of the investment you
already have in your physical body:

- You can be a member of any religion

and supplement with the 90 essential

nutrients.

- You can be a vegan and supplement

with the 90 essential nutrients.

- You can be a meat-eater and supple-

ment with the 90 essential nutrients.

- You can juice and supplement with

the 90 essential nutrients.

- You can follow just about any dietary

program you want if you supplement

with the 90 essential nutrients and

give up vegetable oils and sugar. To
be sure there are certain adjustments
you must make (i.e.- if your going to
eat a 72 oz. steak you need to take in
additional Ca, if your a vegan you
need to be aware of phytates and take
your minerals in between meals to
maximize their absorption, double
check B,, sources, etc.).

You can even “cheat” on the See-Food
Diet once or twice a month or on special
occasions (i.e.- holidays, birthdays,
weddings, etc.) because your reserves of
protective minerals will be filled to
capacity and protect you from your
occasional dietary sins!!

“At best, the RDAs are only a
recommended allowance at antediluvian
levels designed to prevent some terrible
disease. At worst, they are based on
conflicts of interest and self-serving views
of certain positions of the food industry.
Almost never are they provided at levels
for optimum health and nutrition.”

- Senator Wm. Proxmire
Let's Live, 1974

1. Eaton, S.B. et al.: The Paleolithic
Prescription: A Program of Diet & Exercise
and A Design For Living. Harper & Row,
Publishers. New York. Cam-bridge. 1988.

2. Galdston, I. (ed): Human Nutrition:
Historic and Scientific. The New York
Academy of Medicine. International
Universities Press, Inc. New York. 1960.

3. Cook, J.: Diet and Your Religion.
Woodbridge Press Publishing Company.
Santa Barbara, CA. 1976.

4. Harris, M.: Cannibals and Kings.
Vintage Books. New York. 1977.

476

Table 12-5. The 60 Essential Elements,
Metals and Minerals

Table 12-7. The Essential
Amino Acids

Aluminum Gold
Arsenic Hafnium
Barium Holmium
Beryllium Hydrogen
Boron lodine
Bromine Iron

Calcium Lanthanum
Carbon Lithium
Cerium Lutecium
Cesium Magnesium
Chloride Manganese
Chromium Molybdenum
Cobalt Neodymium
Copper Nickle
Dysprosium Niobium
Erbium Nitrogen
Europium Oxygen
Gadolinium Phosphorus
Gallium Potassium
Germanium Praseodymium

Table 12-6. Essential Vitamins
for Human Health

Rhenium
Rubidium
Samarium
Scandium
Selenium
Silica
Silver
Sodium
Strontium
Sulphur
Tantalum
Terbium
Thulium
Tin
Titanium
Vanadium
Ytterbium
Ytrium
Zinc
Zirconium

Vitamin A

Vitamin B, (Thiamine)
Vitamin B, (Riboflavine)
Vitamin B, (Niacin)

Vitamin B, (Pantothenic acid)
Viatmin B, (Pyridoxine)
Vitamin B,, (Cobalamin)
Vitamin C

Vitamin D

Vitamin E

Vitamin K

Biotin

Choline

Flavinoids and bioflavinoids
Folic Acid

Inositol

Valine
Lysine
Threonine
Leucine
Isoleucine
Tryptophane
Phenylalanine
Methionine
Histadine
Arginine*
Taurine*
Tyrosine*

* While not considered classic essential amino
acids, their deficiency does result in disease states.

Table 12-8. Essential Fatty Acids

Linoleic

Linolenic

Arachidonic

477



REFERENCES

Abrams, A., et al.: The Effects of a European
Procaine Preperation in an Aged Population. J.
Gerontology. 20:139.1965.

Adam, W.R. and Dowborn, J.K.: Effect of Potassium
Depletion on Mineral Appetite in the Rat. J. Comp.
Physical Psychol. 78:51.1972.

Actios of Amida: The Gynaecology and Obstetrics
of the VI th Century A.D. (Translated from the Latin
edition of Cosonariores, 1542, by J.V. Ricci).

Ahrens, L.H.: Distribution of the Elements in Our
Planet. McGraw-Hill. New York. 1965.

Amstey, M.S.: Congenital Absence of the Vagina in
the Rabbit. JAVMA.151:862.October, 1967.

Anon: Basic Guide to Canine Nutrition. White
Plains, New York. Gaines Dog Research Center.
1965.

Anon: Daily Nutrient Requirements of Pigs.
Pub.1192. Nat.Acad.Sci. Nat. Res. Council.1964.
pp 12-14.

Anon: Nutrient Requirements of Beef Cattle. Nat.
Acad. Sci. NRC. Pub.1137.1963.

Anon: Nutrient Requirements of Horses. In Nutrient
Requirements of Domestic Animals. 2nd ed. Nat.
Acad. Sci. Nat. Res. Council. Pub. 1401.1966.
Anon: Selenium in the Heart of China.
Lancet.October, 1979.pp 899.

Arnold, S.A., et al.: Nutritional Secondary
Hyperparathyroidism in the Parakeet. Cornell Vet.
64:37-46. 1974.

Aslan, A. et al: Long-term Treatment with Procaine
(Gerovital H3) in Albino Rats. J Gerontology
20:1.1965.

Atkins, R.C.: Dr. Atkin’s Diet Revolution. New York.
Bantam Books. 1973.

Banik, A.E.: Hunza Land. Whitehorn Publishing

Company. Long Beach, Ca. 1961.

Barinaga, M.: How Long Is The Human Life Span?
Science.254:936-938.

Barnes, R.H.: Nutritional Implications of
Coprophagy. Nutr. Rev. 20:89. 1962.

Barnes, R.H., et al.: Decreased Growth Rate
Resulting From Prevention of Corophagy. Fed. Proc.
22:25.1963.

Barney, G.H., et al.: Parakeratosis of the tongue - a
unique histopathologic lesion in the zinc-deficient
Squirrel Monkey. J. Nutr. 93:511 - 517. 1967.

Barret, M.W. and Chalmers, G.A.: Congenital
Anomalies in Neonatal White-tailed Deer in Alberta.
J. Wildl. Dis. 11: October, 1975.

Barrows, Jr, C.H. and Kokkman,G.C.: Diet and Life
Extension in Animal Model Systems. Age. 1:31.1978.

Barten, S.L.: Cardiopathy in a Kingsnake
(Lampropeltis calligaster rhombomaculata).VM/
SAC.75:125 - 129.1980.

Bazzarre, T.L., et al.: Chronic Disease Risk Factors
in Vitamin/Mineral Supplement Users and Non-
users in a Farm Population. J. Am. Coll.Nutr.
10:3.1991. pp 247 - 257.

Bear, F.E.: Chemistry of the Soil. 2nd ed. Chapman
and Hill. London. 1964.

Beardsley, D. W. and Forbes, R.M.: Growth and
Chemical Studies of Zinc Deficiency in the Baby
Pig. J.Ani.Sci.1957-pp1038.

Becker, R.: The Body Electric. Quill. William Morrow.
1985.

Becker, R.: Cross Currents.Jeremy P. Tarcher,Inc. Los
Angeles. 1990.

Bengoa, J. and Wood, R. : Magnesium. in Absorption
and Malabsorption of Mineral Nutrients. Alan R.
Liss, Inc. 1984.pp 69-88.

Berg,B.N.: Nutrition and Longevity in the Rat.1. Food
Intake in Relation to Size, Health and Fertility.
July, 1960. J.Nutr.(71).242 - 254.

479

PRRERERED

Berg, B.N. and Simms,H.S. : Nutrition and
Longevity in the Rat.II. Longevity and Onset of
Disease with Different Levels of Food Intake.
J.Nutrition.71:255 - 263.July, 1960.

Berry, R.: The Vegetarians. Autumn Press.
Brookline, Massachusetts. 1978.

Blake, W.D. and Jurf, A.N.: Increased Voluntary
Sodium Intake in Potassium Deprived Rats. Comm.
Behav. Biol.1968.

Bland, J. Diagnostic Usefulness of Trace Elements
in Human Hair. Northwest Diagnostic Services.
Bellvue,Wa. 1981.

Bland, J.: Hair Tissue Mineral Analysis: An
Emergent Diagnostic Technique. Bellevue-
Redmond Medical Laboratories. , Wa. 1979.

Boas, R. and Blundell, N.: The World’s Most
Infamous Murders. Berkley Books. New York.1983.

Boezo, M.H.: De Pica. Sm.Leipsig. 1638.

Bone, W.J.: Pansteatitis in a Lion (Felis leo).
JAVMA.153:791 - 792. October, 1968.

Bostedt, H. and Schramel, P.: The Importance of
Selenium in the Prenatal Development of Calves
and Lambs. Bio. Trace Ele. Res. 24: 163 - 171. 1990.

Brady, P.S. and Ullrey, D.: White Muscle Disease
in Wild Animals. Ann. Proc. Am. Asoc. Zoo. Vet.
St. Louis, Missouri. October, 1976.

Brown, T. McP., et al.: Natural Ocurrance of
Rheumatoid Arthritis in Great Apes - A New Clinical
Model. Pro. Zool. Soc. of Philadelphia. Centennial
Symposium on Science and Research. November,
1974. pp 43 - 79.

Carlander,O.: Aetiology of Pica. Lancet.
277:569.1959.

Carlson, A.H. and Hallzel, F.: Apparent
Prolongation of the Life Span of Rats by Intermittent

Fasting. |. Nutr. 31:363.1946.

Carpenter, J.W. and Novilla, M.N.: Diabetes

Mellitus in a Black-footed Ferret. JAVMA. 171:890-
893. November, 1977.

Caskey,C.D., et al.: A Chronic Congenital Ataxia in
Chicks due to Manganese Deficiency in the Maternal
Diet. Poultry Science. 23:516. 1944.

Cole, J.: Saving the Soil. Sky. October, 1994. pp 28 -
B39

Collins, D.: Quantities of Calcium Carbonate
Needed to Balance Calcium/ Phosphorus Ratios of
Various Meats. J. Zoo Ani.Med. 2:25. April,1971.

Combs,G.f.,et al.:Influence of Arsanilic Acid on
Dietary Requirements

of Chicks for Certain Unidentified Growth Factors.
August, 1954.J Nutr. 511 - 522.

Comfort, A.: The Longevity and Mortality of
Thoroughbred Stallions. J. Gerontology. 14:9.1959.

Comfort, A.: Studies in the Longevity and Mortality
of English Thoroughbred Horses. Ciba Foundation.
Colloquia on Aging.5:35.1959.

Conradi, P.: The Red Ripper. Dell Publishing.New
York.1992.

Cooper,M.: Pica: A Survey of the Historical Literature
as Well as Reports from the Fields of Veterinary
Medicine and Anthropology, the Present Study of
Pica in Young Children, and a Discussion of it’s
Paediatric and Physiological Implications. Charles
Thomas.Springfield, II]. 1957.

Copper, B.: The Vampire in Legend and Fact. Citadel
Press Book. New York. 1993.

Coulson, E.J.: Metabolism in the Rat of Naturally
Ocurring Arsenic of Shrimp as Compared with
Arsenic Trioxide. September,1935.J Nutr.255 - 270.

Crabb, C.:The Nutrients are Blowing in the Wind.
U.S. News & World Report.October, 1991. p 66

Cross,J.D. , et al.: Methylmercury in Blood of
Dentists. Lancet. Aug.5,1978.p3 12.

Currents, J. and White, P.D.: Half a Century of
Running: Clinical Physiologic and Autopsy Findings

480

in the Case of Clarence DeMar (Mr. Marathon). New
Eng J Med. 265:988.1961.

Dahl, L.K.: Salt in Processed Foods. Am. J. Clin.

Nutr. 21:787.1968.

Decker, R.A. and McDermid, A.M.: Nutritional
Myopathy in a Young Camel (Camelus dromedarius)
J.Zoo.An. Med. 8:20 -21.June,1977.

Deeming, S. and Weber, C.: Hair Analysis of Trace
Elements in Human Subjects as Influenced by Age,
Sex and Contraceptive Drugs. Am. J. Clin. Nutr.
31:1175.1978.

Degens, E.T.: Geochemistry of Sediments. Prentice-
Hall. New Jersey.1965.

Denton,D.: The Hunger for Salt: An Anthropological,
Physiological and Medical Analysis. Springer-
Verlag.Berlin. Heidelberg.New York. 1982.

Diaz, F. et al.: Comparative Performances of Baby
Pigs Fed Infant and Baby Pig Diets. J.Nutr.
May, 1959. pp 131 - 140.

Dieterich, R.A.: Medial Arterial Sclerosis in Captive
Beavers, Castor canadensis, Kuhl. Bull.Wildl.Dis.
Assoc.4:18-20. January,1968.

Draper, H.H.: Physiological Aspects of Aging V.
Calcium and Magnesium Metabolism in Senescent
Mice. J.Nut.83:65.1964.

Easton, J.: Human Longevity: Recording the Name,
Age, Place of Residence and Year of the Decease of
1712 Persons Who Attained a Century and Upwards
from AD 66 to 1799, Comprising a Period of 1733
years with Anecdotes of the most Remarkable.
London.1799.

Edwards,C.H. et al.: Odd Dietary Practices of
Women.J.Am.Diet Assoc. 30:976.1954.

Edwards,C.H., et al: Clay and Corn Starch Eating
Women. J.Am.Diet. Assoc. 35:810.1959.

Edwards,C.H., et al.: Effects of Clay and Corn Starch
Intake on women and Their Infants.
J.Am. Diet.Assoc. 44:109.1964.

Edwards, H.M., et al.: Studies on Zinc in Poultry
Nutrition.l: The Effect of Feed Water and
Environment on Zinc Deficiency in Chicks. Poultry
Sci.37:1094.1958.

Eliot, J.L.: Glaciers on the Move. Nat. Geo. 171:1.
January, 1987. pp 107 - 119.

Emiliani, C., et al.: Isotopic and Cosmic Chemistry.
H. Craig, et al. Ed. North-Holland Publishing Co.
1964.

Ewing, C.P.: Kids Who Kill, Avon Books. New
York.1992.

Faelten, S., et al.: The Complete Book of Minerals
for Health. Rodale Press. Emmous, Pa.1981.

Fernie, W.T.: Precious Stones:For Curative Wear; and
Other Remedial Uses:Likewisw the Nobler
Metals.Bristol, England.1907.

Feruson,J.H. and Keaton,A.G.: Studies of Diets of
Pregnant Women in Mississippi:Ingestion of Clay
and Laundry Starch. New Orleans Med.Surg.].
102:460.1950.

Filer, L.J.: Salt in Infant Foods. Nutr.Rev.29:27.1971.

Fisher,L.E.: Lead Poisoning in a Gorilla.
JAVMA. 125:478 - 479.1954.

Fitch, C.D. and Dinniy, J.S.: Vitamin E Deficiency in
the Monkey. J.Nutr. 81:69. January, 1963.

Flanagan, P. and Flanagan, G.C.: Elixir of the Ageless.
Vortex Press. Flagstaff, Az. 1986.

Flynn, A., et al.: Indications of Copper Deficiency in
a Subpopulation of Alskan Moose. J.Nutr.107:1182
- 1189. July,1977.

Ford, D.F.: Bilateral Cerebellar, Cortical Sclerosis in
a Monkey. Am.J.Vet Res. 27:1489 - 1494. September,
1966.

French, M.H.: Geophagia in Animals. East Aft.Med.J.
22:103.1945.

Gandal, C.P.: White Muscle Disease in a Breeding
Herd of Nyala Antelope (Tragolaphus angasi) at New

481

eeeeeeeeD
seeeeeee

York Zoo. Int. Zoo Yearbook. London Zool.Soc. 6:
277 - 278.1968.

Gaume,J.G.: Nutrition in Space Operations.Food
Technol. 12:433 1958.

Geargakas, D.: The Methuselah Factors. Simon and
Schuster. New York. 1980.

Gelford, M.: Geophagy and it’s Relation to
Hookworm Disease. East Aft.Med J. 22:98.1945.

Generoso, W.M. et al.: Genetic Lesions Induced by
Chemicals in Spermatozoa and Spermatids of Mice
are Repaired in the Egg. Proc. Nat. Acad.
Sci, USA.75:435.1979.

Geraci, J.R.: Thiamine Deficiency in Seals and
Recommendations for its Prevention. JAVMA.
185:801-803.1974.

Gershoff, S.N. and Norkin, S.A.: Vitamin E
Deficiency in Cats. J. Nutr. 77:303 - 308. 1962.

Gershoff, S., et al.: Trace Minerals in Human and
Rat Hair. Am. J. Clin. Nutr. 30:868.1977.

Giroud, A.: Nutrition of the Embryo. Fed.Proc.27:163
- 184.1968.

Goldstein, M. and Beall, C.: The Remote World of
Tibet's Nomads. Nat. Geo.175:6.June, 1989. pp 752
- 781.

Gordon, J.G., et al.: The Feeding Behavior of
Phosphorus Deficient Cattle and Sheep.
An.Behav.2:72.1954.

Goss, LJ.: Muscle Dystrophy in Tree Kangaroos
Associated with Feeding Cod Liver Oil and it’s
Response to Alpha-Tocopherol. Zoologica. New York
Zool. Soc.25:523 - 524.December,1940.

Green, S(o)068
Physiol.Rev.5:336.1925.

Perverted Appetites.

Grenoble, P.B.: Pritikin People. Berkley Books. New
York. 1986.

Gries, C.L. and Scott, M.L.: Pathology of Selenium
Deficiency in the Chick. J. Nutr. 102:1282 -

1296.1972.

Gutelius, M.F,, et al.: Nutritional Studies of Children
with Pica.II.Treatment of Pica with Iron Given
Intramuscularly. Paediatrics.29:1018.1962.

Hambidge, K.M. and Rodgerson, D.O.: Comparison
of Hair Chromium Levels of Multiparous and Parous
Women. Am.J. Obstet, Gynec. 103:320.1969.

Harman,D.: Free Radical Theory of Aging:
Nutritional Implications. Age. 1:145.1978.

Harman, D.: Free Radical Theory of Aging:Origin of
Life, Evolution and Aging. Age.3:100.1980.

Harman, D. and Eddy,D.E.: Free Radical Theory of
Aging:Effect of Adding Antioxidants to Maternal
Mouse Diets on the Lifespan of the Offspring. Age.
1:162.1978.

Harrington, A.: The Immortalists. Random House.
New York.1969.

Harris, M.: Cannibals and Kings: The Origins of
Cultures. Vintage Books. New York.1977.

Hayflick, L.: The Cellular Basis for Biological Aging.
in Handbook of the Biology of Aging. (ed C.E. Finch
and L.Hayflick.). Van Nostrand Reinhold. 1977.

Heaney, R.P.and Barger-Lux, J.: Low Calcium Intake:
The Culprit in Many Human Diseases. Feedstuffs.
July,1994.pp 14 - 17.

Hendrikson, P., Krook, L. and Larsen, B.:
Mechanism of Bone Resorption in a Case of Human
Periodontal Disease. Svensk. Tandl. Tidskn. 62:323.
1969.

Herbert, V.: Nutrition Cultism. George F. Stickley
Company. Philadelphia, Pa.1980.

Herkovits, J. et al.: Protective Effects of Zinc Against
Spontaneous malformations and Leathality in Bufo
arenarum Embryos. Bio Trace Ele Res. 22:247 -
250.1989.

Hill, R.M. and Holtkamp, D.E.: Storage of Dietary
Manganese and Thiamine in the Rat. J Nutr.
May, 1954. 73 - 82.

482

Hisanaga, A., et al.: Variation of Trace Metals in
Ancient and Contemporary Japanese Bones. Bio.
Trace Ele.Res. 22:221 - 231.1989.

Hoekstra, W.O.: Biochemical Function of Selenium
and It’s Relation to Vitamin E. Fed. Proc.
34:2083.1975.

Hove, E.,et al.: Further Studies on Zinc Deficiency
in Rats. Am.]. Physiol. 124:750.1938.

Howard, Sir Albert.: The Soil and Health: A Study of
Organic Agriculture. Schocken Books. New
York. 1972.

Hunt,C.D.: Dietary Boron Modified Effects of
Magnesium and Molybdenum on Mineral
Metabolism in the Cholecalciferol-Deficient Chick.
Biol. Trace Ele.Res.22:.201 - 270.1989.

Hunt, R.D., et al.: A Comparison of Vitamins D, and
D, in New World Primates.I. Production and
Regression of Osteodystrophica Fibrosa. Lab

Ani.Care.17:222 - 234.1967.

Hurley,L.S.,et al.: Manganese Deficiency in Rats:
Congenital Nature of Ataxia. J.Nutr.November, 1958.
pp 309 - 319.

Hurley, L.S., et al.: Anomalous Development of
Ossification in the Inner Ear of Offspring of
Manganese-Deficient Rats. ] Nutr.1960,pp 15 - 19.

Hurley, L.S. and Keen, C.L.: Manganese. in Trace
Elements in Human and Animal Nutrition.Sth ed
(Mertz,W.ed). Academic Press,Inc. New York.1987.

Hurwitz, S. and Cummings,P.: The Response of
Plasma Alkaline Phosphatase, Parathyroids and
Blood and Bone Minerals to Calcium Intake in the
Fowl. J.Nutr.73:179 -190.1961.

Jacob,R. et al.: Hair as a Biopsy Material:Index of
Hepatic Copper. Am. J. Clin. Nutr. 31:477.1978.

James,W.P.T., et al.: Calcium Binding by Dietary
Fibre. Lancet.1:638.1978.

Johnson, C.E.: The Wild World of Compost.

Nat.Geo.158:2. August, 1980. pp.272 - 284.

Johnson,O.S.: A Study of Chinese
Alchemy.Commercial Press. Shanghai. 1928.

Jubb, K.V.F., et al.: Thiamine Deficiency
Encephalopathy in Cats. J.Comp.Path.66:217 -
227.1956.

Jukes, T.H.: Effect of Choline and Other Supplements.
on Perosis. November,1940. J Nutr.445 - 458.1940.

Kahlenberg,L. and Class,J.O.: The Presence of
Aluminum in Animal and Plant
Tissues.J.Biol.Chem.83:261.1929.

Karstad, L.: Fluorosis in Deer (Odocoileus
virginianus). Bull. Wildl. Dis. Assoc. 3:42 - 46.
April,1967.

Kehoe,R.A., et al.: Manganese, Lead, Tin,
Aluminum, Copper and Silver in Normal Biological
Material.J.Nutr.July,1940.pp 85 - 98.

Kempter, E., et al.: The Utilization of the Calcium of
DI-Calcium Phosphate by Children. J.Nutr.
:279.Sept,1940.

Kennington, G.S.: Soluble and Fixed Elements in
Mammalian Hair. Science.155:588.1971.

Kern, F.: Normal Plasma Cholesterol in an 88 Year
Old Man Who Eats 25 Eggs a Day. New Eng.].Med.
March, 1991. pp 896 - 899.

Kienholz, E.W., et al.: Effects of Zinc Deficiency in
the Diets of Hens. J Nutr.75:21 1-221.October, 1961.

Kitchen, H., et al.: Hemoglobin Polymorpism: Its
Relation to Sickling of Erythrocytes in White-tailed
Deer. Science. 144:1237 - 1239. June, 1964.

Klevay, L.: Hair as a Biopsy Material. Arch. Intern.
Med.138:1127.1978.

Krishnamachair, K.A.V.R.:Flourine.in Trace
Elements in Human and Animal Nutrition.Vol 1.5th
ed.(Mertz,W.ed.) 1987.

Lane, B. and Gregg,W.: The Encyclopedia of Serial
Killers. Diamond Books. London. 1992.

483

PRRERRLED
PRRRERRRD

Lanzkowsky, P.: Investigation into the Aetiology and
Treatment of Pica. Arch.Dis.Child.34:140.1959.

Leaf, A.: Every Day is a Gift When You Are Over
100. Nat. Geo.143:1. January,1973.pp 92 - 119..

Lease, J.G., et al.: The Biological Unavailability to
the Chick of Zinc in a Sesame Meal Ration.J Nutr.
72:66-70. September, 1960.

LeConte, J.: Observations on Geophagia.
South.Med.Surg.). 1:417.1846.

Legg, S.P. and Sears, L.: Zinc Sulphate Treatment of
Parakeratosis in Cattle.Nature.186:1061.1960.

LeVay, S. and Hamer, D.H.: Evidence for a Biological
Influence in Male Homosexuality. Scientific
American.May,1994. pp 44 - 56.

Lewis, P.K. et al.: The Effect of Certain Nutritional
Factors Including Calcium, Phosphorus and Zinc
on Parakeratosis in Swine.J An.Sci.15:741. 1956

Likuski, H.J.A. and Forbes, R.M.: Mineral Utilization
in the Rat IV. Effects of Calcium and Phytic Acid on
the Utilization of Dietary Zinc. J.Nut. 85:230.1965.

Liu, R.K. and Walford, R.L.: The Effect of Lowered
Body Temperature on Lifespan and Immune and
Non-Immune_ Processes. Gerontologica.
18:363.1972.

Lofgreen, G.P.: The Availability of the Phosphorus
in Di-calcium Phosphate, Bone Meal, Soft
Phosphate and Calcium Phytate for Mature
Wethers. J.Nutr. 70:58.1960.

Long,V.M.,et al.: Manganese Metabolism in College
Men Consuming Vegetarian Diets. J. Nutr.85:132 -
138. March,1965.

Loosli, J.K.: Primary Signs of Nutritional Deficiencies
of Laboratory Animals.JAVMA.142:1001 - 1004.
May, 1963.

Macopinlec, M.P., et al.: Production of Zinc
Deficiency in the Squirrel Monkey (Saimiri sciureus).
J.Nutr.93:499 - 510.1967.

Manselsberg, R.G..(ed): Killer Teens. Pinnacle

Books. New York.1981.

Manselsberg, R.G.(ed.): Mass Murderers. Pinnacle
Books. New York.1983.

Marden,L.: Titicaca: Abode of the
Sun.Nat.Geo.139:2. February,1971.
p 272-291.

Mascetti, M.D. : Vampire: The Complete Guide to
the World of the Undead. Mohndruck GmbH,
Gutersloh, Germany. 1992.

Maugh, T.: Hair: A Diagnostic Tool to Compliment
Blood, Serum and Urine. Science.202.1271.1978.

Maybrick, J. (narrative by Shirley Harrison): The
Diary of Jack the Ripper. Hyperion. New York.1993.

McCarry, J.: High Road to Hunza. Nat.Geo.
March,1994.pp 114 - 134.

McDonald, G.: Arsenic in Napoleon's Hair.
Nature.4798:103.1961.

McDonald, R.: The Handling of an Epidemic:
Repetitive Stress Injury. Working Women. February,
1993.pp 60 - 65.

McDonald, R. and Marshole, S.R.: Value of Iron
Therapy in Pica. Paediatrics.84:558.1964.

McIntyre, L.:The Lost Empire of the Incas. Nat.Geo.
December, 1973. 144:6.pp729 - 781.

Mckay, C.M. et al.: The Effect of Retarded Growth
Upon the Length of Life Span and Upon the Ultimate
Body Size. July,1935.J Nutr.63 - 79.

McKenzie-Parnell, J.M. and Guthrie, B.E.: The
Phytate and Mineral Content of Some Cereals,
Cereal Products, Legumes, Legume Products, Snack
Bars, and Nuts Available in New Zealand. Bio.Trace
Ele. Res. 10:107 - 121.1986.

Mergiletus, A.F.: Pica: Doctoral Thesis in
Medicine.Submitted to Academia Patria.1701.

Mertz,W.(ed.):Trace Elements in Human and Animal
Nutrition. Academic Press,Inc. New York. 1987.

484

Meyer, J.H.: Interactions Between a High
Concentration of Dietary Sodium Chloride and
Various Levels of Protein When Fed to The Growing
Rat. J.Nutr.January,1954. pp 137 - 154.

Michaud, S. and Michaud, R.: Trek to Lofty Hunza
- and Beyond. Nat. Geo. November, 1975.148:5.pp.
644 - 669.

Michel, R.L., et al.: Dietary Hepatic Necrosis
Associated with Selenium-Vitamin E Deficiencies
in Swine. JAVMA.155:50 -59.1969.

Milne, D.B., et al.: Effect of Ascorbic Acid on Copper
and Cholesterol in Adult Cynomologus Monkeys Fed
a Diet Marginal in Copper. Am.J.Clinical Nutr.
34:2389.1981.

Miller,J.K. and Miller, W.J.: Experimental Zinc
Deficiency and Recovery of Calves. J. Nutr.76:467-
474.April, 1962.

Miller,R.M.: Nutritional Secondary
Hyperparathyroidism in Monkeys. in Kirk,
R.:Current Vet. Therapy.4th ed. Philadelphia,
Pa.W.B. Saunders Company.1971. pp402 - 408.

Mills,C.F. and Davis,G.K.: Molybdenum. in Trace
Elements in Human and Animal Nutrition. Vol.1.5th
ed.(Mertz,W.ed.).Academic Press,Inc. New
York. 1987.

Morgan, D.G.: Dissecting Aneurysm of the Aorta in
a Gorilla. Vet Rec. 86:502 - 505. April, 1970.

Morrison, A.B. and Sarett,H.P.: Studies on Zinc
Deficiency in the Chick. June, 1958. J.Nutr. pp 267
- 280.

Mortimer, J.: The Oxford Book of Villains. Oxford
University Press. Oxford & New York. 1992.

Mraz, F.R., et al.: Metabolism of Cesium and
Potassium in Swine as Indicated by Cesium 134 and
Potssium 42. ] Nutr. 64:541.1958.

Mraz, F.R.: Influence of Dietary Potassium and
Sodiumon Cesium 134 and Potassium 42 Excretion
in Sheep.Aug,1959.] Nutr.655-662.

Nesbit, E.M.: The Reaction of a Group of

Rothschild’s Giraffe to a New Environment. East
Afr.Wildl.J. 8:53.1970.

Nicoloides, N. and Woodall, A.N.: Impaired
Pigmentation in Chinook Salmon Fed Diets
Deficient in Essential Fatty Acids. J.Nutr.78:431 -
437. 1962.

Nielson, F.H.: Vanadium.in Trace Elements in
Human and Animal Nutrition.Vol.1.5th
ed.(Mertz,W.ed.).1987.

Nielson, F.H.: New Essential Trace Elements for the
Life Sciences. Biol. Trace.Ele Res.1990.pp 599 - 611.

Nonis, L.C. and Caskey, C.D.: A Chronic Congenital
Ataxia and Osteodystrophy in Chicks due to
Manganese Deficiency.J. Nutr. 17:16.1939.

Norris, L.C. and Scott, M/L/: Proteins,
Carbohydrates, Fats, Fiber, Minerals and Water in
Poultry Feeding. in Hofstad,M.,et al(ed): Infectious
Diseases of Poultry.5th ed. Ames,lowa. The lowa
State University Press.1965. pp144 - 180.

Norris, T.: Jeffrey Dahmer. Pinnacle Books. New
York. 1992.

O'Dell, B.L., Newberne, P.M. and Savage,:
Significance of Dietary Zinc for the Growing
Chicken. J.Nutr. August,1958. pp 503 - 518.

Olmstead, L., Schrauzer, G.N., Flores-Arce, M. and
Dowd, J.: Selenium Supplementation of
Symptomatic Human Immunodeficiency Virus
Infected Patients. Bio.Trace Ele.Res. 20:59 -
65.1989.

Olshansky,S.J., et al.: In Search of Methuselah:
Estimating the Upper Limits to Human
Longevity.Science.250:634 - 640. November, 1990.

Oparin, A.1.: The Origin of Life on Earth. 3rd ed.
Oliver and Boyd. Edinburgh. 1957.

Oppenheimer, E.H. and Esterly, J.R.: Pathology of
Cystic Fibrosis: Review of the Literature and
Comparisons with 146 Autopsied Cases. in
Rosenberg,H.S. and Balonde, R.P.: Perspectives in
Pediatric Pathology. Chicago Yearbook.
Vol.2.1975.pp 241 - 278.

485

RRR

Orr, J.B.: Minerals in Pastures. Lewis.London.1929.

Ott, ED.A., et al.: Zinc Deficiency Syndrome in the
Young Lamb. J. Nutr. 82:41-50.January, 1964.

Parr,J.G. Man, Metals and Modem Magic. Iowa State
University Press. Ames, lowa.1958.

Parr, R.M., et al.: Minor and Trace Elements in
Human Milk from Guatemala, Hungary, Nigeria,
Phillipines, Sweden, and Zaire. Bio.Trace
Ele.Res.29:51 - 75.1991.

Pierson, R.E.: Zinc Deficiency in Young Lambs.
JAVMA.149:1279 - 1282. November, 1966.

Pihl, R.O. and Parkes, M.: Hair Element Content in
Learning-disabled Children. Science. 198:204.1977.

Plutarch’s Lives: Alexander. First Century AD.

Powell, R.C., et al.: Algae Feeding in Humans.J. Nutr.
Sept,1961.pp 7 - 12.

Pritikin, N. and McGrady,Jr., P.M.: The Pritikin
Program for Diets and Exercise. Grosset and
Dunlap.1979.

Rabb, G.B., et al.: Spontaneous Diabetes Mellitus
in Tree Shrews, Urogale everetti. J.Am.Diabetes
Assoc. 15:327 -330. May,1966.

Rahman, M.M.,et al.: Selenium and Exudative
Diathesis in Chicks and Poults. J.Nutr.72:71.
September, 1960.

Reid, IR. et al.: Effect of Calcium Supplementation
on Bone Loss in Postmenopausal Women. New
Eng.J.Med. February,1993.pp 460 - 464.

Revis, N.W., et al.: Metabolism of Selenium in
Skeletal Muscle and Liver of Mice with ‘Genetic’
Muscular Dystrophy.Proc. Soc. Exper .Biol. Med.
160:139.1979.

Reynolds, R.D., et al: Pagophagia and Iron
Deficiency Anemia. Ann. Inter. Med. 69:435.1968.

Rhodes,D. and Klug, A.:
Sci.Am.February,1993.pp 56 - 64.

Zinc Fingers.

Rice, D.A., et al.: Sequential Changes in Plasma
Methylonic Acid and Vitamin B,, in Sheep Eating
Cobalt Deficient Grass. Bio.Trace Ele.Res.22:153 -
164.1989.

Rigdon, R.H. and Drager,G.A.: Thiamine Deficiency
in Sea Lions (Otaria californiana) Fed Only Frozen
Fish. JAVMA.127:453 - 455. 1955.

Robbins, J.D., et al.: Influence of Varying Levels of
Dietary Minerals on the Development of Urolithiasis,
Hair Growth, and Weight Gains in Rats.
85:355.1965.

Rogers,B.A.: The Nature of Metals. Iowa State
University Press. Ames,lowa.2nd ed.1964.

Rosenfeld, A. :Prolongevity II. Alfred A. Knoph. New
York. 1985.

Ross, M.H.: Length of Life and Nutrition in the Rat..
J.Nutr5: 197 - 210.1961

Russell, W.C.: Hypothyroidism in a Grizzly Bear.
JAVMA. 157:656 - 662.September, 1970.

Rutten,M.G.: The Geological Aspects of the Origin
of Life on Earth. Elsevier. Amsterdam. 1962.

Sanday, P.R.: Divine Hunger: Cannibalism as a
Cultural System. Cambridge University Press. New
York. 1986

Sandberg, A-S, et al.: The Effect of Wheat Bran on
the Absorption of Minerals in the Small Intestine .Br.
J. Nutr. 48:185.1982.

Schmidt, H.: Transiant Loss of Smell and Taste
During Pregnancy. Clinschwassenschift.1925.p4.

Schroeder, H.A., et al.: Chromium, Lead, Cadmium,
Nickel and Titanium in Mice:Effect on Mortality,
Tumor and Tissue Levels.J. Nutr.83:239 - 250. 1994.

Schwarz, K.: Essentiality and Metabolic Functions of
Selenium.Med.Clin.North Am. 60:745 - 758.
July, 1976.

Schwarz, K. and Foltz, C.M.: Selenium as an Integril
Part of Factor 3 Against Dietary Necrotic Liver

486

Degeneration. J. Am.Chem Soc. 79:3292. 1957.

Senturia, B.D.:Results of Treatment of Chronic
Arthritis and Rhuematoid Conditions with Colloidal
Sulphur. J.Bone Joint Surg. 16:119-125.1934.

Shaw, J. C. L.: Evidence for Defective Skeletal
Mineralization in Low-birthweight Infants: The
Absorption of Calcium and Fat. Pediatrica. 57:16.
1976,

Sinet, P., et al.: Trisomy 21 (Down's Syndrome) ,
Glutathione Peroxidase, Hexose Momophosphate
Shunt and I.Q. Science.24:29.1979.

Slusher, R., et al.: Nutritional Secondary
Hyperparathyroidism in a Tiger. JAVMA. 147:1109
- 1115. November, 1965.

Smith, R.M.: Cobalt. in Trace Elements in Human

and Animal Nutrition.5th
ed(Mertz,W.ed.).Academic Press,Inc.New
York. 1987.

Snowdon,C.T. and Sanderson,B.A.: Lead Pica
Produced in Rats. Science. 183:92.1974.
Sokolov, R.:Pyramid Power. Natural
History.January,1994.pp72 - 75.

Sonneborn, J.: DNA Repair and Longevity
Assurance in Paramecium
tetraurelia.Science.203:1115.1979.

Spallholz, J.E. and Stewart,J.R.: Advances in the
Role of Minerals in Immunobiology. Bio.Trace
Ele.Res.19:129-151.1989.

Spector, W.S.: Handbook of Biological Data.
W.B.Saunders. Philadelphia. 1956.

Spochr,H.A. and Milner, H.W.: The Chemical
Composition of Chlorella: Effect of Environmental
Conditions.Plant Physiol.24:120.1949.

Starr, P.: The Social Transformation of American
Medicine.1984.

Stiles,W.: Trace Elements in Plants and. Animals.
2nd ed. Cambridge University Press.
Cambridge. 1951.

Sunde, R.A. and Hoekstra, W.G.: Structure,
Synthesis and Function of Glutathione Peroxidase.
Nutr. Rev. 38:265.1980.

Sutcliffe, A.J.: Similarity of Bones and Antlers
Gnawed by Deer to Human Artifacts.
Nature.24:428.1973.

Sutcliffe, A.J.: Further Notes on Bones and Antlers
Chewed by Deer and Other Ungulates.
Deer.4:73.1977.

Szent-Gyorgi,A.: Bioenergetics. Academic Press.
New York and London.1957.

Taggart, N.: Food Habits in Pregnancy. Proc.Nutr.
Soc. 20:35.1961.

Tarnower, H. and Baker, S.S.: The Complete
Scarsdale Medical Diet. New York. Rawson,
Wade.1978.

Taylor, R. :Hunza Health Secrets. PrenticeHall, Inc.
New Jersey. 1966.

Thomas, W)J.: The Longevity of Man, It’s Facts and
It’s Fiction. London. J.Murray.1873.

Thompson, C.J.S. : The Mystery and Romance of
Alchemy and Pharmacy. Scientific
Press.London. 1897.

Tobe, J. Hunza: Adventures in a Land of Paradise.
George J. McLeod. Ltd. Ontario. 1960.

Tompkins, P. and Bird, C. : Secrets of the Soil. Harper
& Row, Publishers. New York.1989.

Tompkins, P. and Bird, C. : The Secret Life of Plants.
Harper & Row, Publishers. New York. 1989.

Trapp, A.L., et al.: Vitamin E-Selenium Deficiency
in Swine: Differential Diagnosis and Nature of Field
Problems. JAVMA. 157:289 - 300. August, 1970.

Trease,G.E.: Pharmacy in History. Bailliere, Tindall
and Cox. London.1964.

Trethowen, W.H., et al.: Cravings, Aversions and
Pica of Pregnancy. in Howells,J.G.,ed.Modern
Perspectives in Psycho-Obstetrics. Oliver and Boyd.

487

Edinburgh. 1972.

Ueckermann, Z.: Comparative Intake of Salt Licks.
Jagdiwiss. 14:107 - 118.1968.

Undenvood, E.J.: Trace Elements in Human and
Animal Nutrition. Academic Press. New York and
London. 1962.

Van Reen, R., et al.: Urolithiasis in the Rat.II Studies
on the Effect of Diet on the Excretion of Calcium,
Citric Acid and Phosphate. J.Nut.69:397.1959.

Van Reen, R., et al.: Urolithiasis in the Rat.1 The
Influence of Diet on the Formation and Prevention
of Calcium Citrate Calculi. J.Nut. 69:392.1959.

Van Vleet, F.J., et al.: Hepatosis Dietetica and
Mulberry Heart Disease Associated with Selenium
Deficiency in Indiana Swine.JAVMA.157:1208 -
1219.1970.

Van Vleet, F.J., et al.: Ultrastructure of Hyaline
Microthrombi in Myocardial Capillaries of Pigs with
Spontaneous Mulberry Heart Disease. Am.}.Vet.Res.
38:2077 - 2080.1977.

Vohra, P. and Kratzer, F.H.: Influence of Various
Chelating Agents on the Availability of Zinc. J. Nutr.
82:249-256., February,1964.

Walford, R.L.: The Immunological Theory of Aging.
Munkagaard. Copenhagen.1969

Walford, R.L.: Maximum Lifespan. W.W.Norton &
Company.New York. London.1983.

Walford, R.L.: The 120 Year Diet. Simon and
Schuster.New York. 1986.

Wallach, J.D.: Goitrogenic Hypothyroidism in Feeder
Lambs. VM/SAC. 60:1051 - 1053. 1965.

Wallach, J.D.: Degenerative Arthritis in A Black
Rhino. JAVMA.151:887 - 889.1967.
Wallach, }.D.: Nutritional Diseases of Exotic

Animals.JAVMA.157:583 - 599. September, 1970.

Wallach, J.D.: Exotic Diets are Not For Exotic Pets.

PREELERED

| aaa |

Gaines Small Animal Nutrition Workshop.
University of Illinois.March,1971.

Wallach, J.D.: Nutritional Problems in Zoos. Proc.
Comell Nutr. Conference for Feed Manufacturers.
Buffalo, New York. November,1971. pp 10 - 19.

Wallach,}.D.: The Nutrition and Feeding of Captive
Ruminants in Zoos. in Church,D.C.:Digestive
Physiology and Nutrition of Ruminants. Corvallis.
Oregon State University Press. Vol.3.1972.pp 292 -
307.

Wallach, }.D.: The Mechanics of Nutrition For
Exotic Pets. Vet. Clin.North Am. 9:405 - 414.1979.

Wallach,}.D. and Boever,W,J.: Diseases of Exotic
Animals. W.B. Saunders Co. Philadelphia.1983.

Wallach, J. D. and Flieg, G.M.: Nutritional
Secondary Hyperparathyroidism in Captive Birds.
JAVMA.155:1046.1969.

Wallach, J.D. and Flieg, G.M.: Nutritional
Secondary Hyperparathyroidism in Captive
Psittacine Birds. JAVMA.151:880.1967.

Wallach, J.D. and Flieg, G.M.: Cramps and Fits in
Carnivorous Birds. Int.Zoo Yearbook. London Zool.
Soc.10:3 - 4.1970.

Wallach, J.D. and Hoessle, C.: Hypervitaminosis D
in Green Iguanas. JAVMA.149:912 - 914.1966.

Wallach,J.D. and Hoessle, C.: Fibrous
Osteodystrophy in Green Iguanas. JAVMA. 153:863
- 865. 1968.

Wallach, J.D. and Hoessle,C.: Steatitis in Captive
Crocodilians. JAVMA. 153:845 - 847.1968.

Wallach, J.D., Hoessle,C. and Bennet, J.:
Hypoglycemic Shock in Captive Alligators.
JAVMA.151:893 - 896. 1967.

Wallach, J.D. and Middleton, C.C.: Naturally
Occuring Atherosclerosis in Aoudads (Amotragus
lervia ,Pallas). Acta Zool. Pathol.Antverpiensia.
50:45 - 54.1970.

Wallach, J.D., Williamson, W.M. and LaGarde, K.:

488

Normal Blood Values of Siberian Ibex. J.Zoo.Ani.
Med. 2:22 - 23. June,1971.

Waller, H.: The Last Journals of David Livingstone
in Central Africa from 1865 to His Death. John
Murray.London.Vol2.1874.

Ward, F.P.: Thiamine Deficiency in a Peregrine
Falcon. JAVMA.159: 599 - 601.1971.

Ward,F.; In Long-Forbidden Tibet.. Nat. Geo.157:2.
February,1980. pp218 - 259.

Watson, G.L.: Spina Bifida in A Moose. JAVMA.
153:815. October, 1968.

Weil, A.: WARNING: 11 Medical Practices to Avoid.
Natural Health. Sept./Oct.1992. 59-63.

Weisner, M.M.: Calcium. in Absorption and
Malabsorption of Mineral Nutrients. (Solomons,
N.W. and Rosenberg,I.H., ed.). Alan R. Liss,Inc.
New York.1984.15-68.

Werbach, M.R.: Nutritional Influences on Illness.
Third Line Press. Tarzana, CA. 1987.

Werbach, M.R.: Nutritional Influences on Mental
Illness. Third Line Press,Inc. Tarzana,CA.1991.

Western, D.: Giraffe Chewing a Grant's Gazelle
Carcass. East Afr. Wildl. J.9:156.1971.

Whooten,A.C.: Chronicles of Pharmacy; 2 Vols.
MacMillan Press. Shanghai.1928.

Williams, R.J.: Nutrition Against Disease. Pitman.

New York.1971.

Williamson, W.M., et al.: Fibrous Dysplasia in a
Monkey and a Kudu. JAVMA.147:1017 - 1034.
November, 1965.

Willius, F.A. and Smith,H.L.: Further Observations
on the Heart in Old Age. A Post Mortem Study of
381 Patients Aged 70 Years or More. Am. Heart Jour.
8:170.1932.

Wilson, J.G. and Gavan, J.A.: Congenital
Malformations in Non-Human
Primates:Spontaneously and Experimentally
Induced. Anat.Rec. 158:99 - 110. May,1962.

Woods, S.E. and Weisinger, R.S.: Pagophagia in The
Albino Rat. Science. 169:1334.1970.

Wurtman, R.J.: Behavioral Effects of Nutrients. The
Lancet.May,1983.pp 1145 - 1147.

Wyatt, J.R.: Osteophagia in Masi Giraffe. East
Afr.Wildl.J. 9:157.1971.

Yokoi, K., et al.: Effect of Dietary Tin Deficiency on
Growth and Mineral Status in Rats. Biol.Trace
Ele.Res.(24)1990. 223 - 231.

York, D.: The Earliest History of the Earth.Sci.Am.
January,1993. pp 90 - 96.

Yu, K.K.: Taoist Yoga. New York. Weisner.1970.

Yu, S.Y., et al.: Selenium Chemoprevention of Liver
Cancer in Animals and Possible Human

Applications. Bio.Trace Ele.Res.15:1988.pp 231 -
241.

489

A

Abkhazians

Ac
Accumulator organisms
Acid rain
Acosta gnesis
Actinium

ADD

ADHD
Adventists

Ag

Age of bacteria
Age spots
Age Beaters
Agression gene
AIDS

Al

Alchemist
ALD

ALS

Alexander the Great
Allergic shiners
Allopath
Aluminum

Am

Amazon
Americum
Anaerobic
Anencephally
Aneurysm
Anorexia
Antimony
Aquaduct

Ar

Argon
Aristotle
Arsenic

Arson

INDEX

Arthritis

As
195 Astatine
281 At
43 Au
7 Azerbaijan
4 Aztec
281
101, 272
101, 272 B
452 B
281 Ba
13 Bad Seeds
378, 388 Barium
171 Bathory
96 Be
358, 389 Bell’s palsy
282 Beryllium
30 Binges
382 Biolithes
337 Birth defects
200 Bismuth
103 Bogs
36, 226 Bone spurs
27, 282, 283 Boron
284 Br
38 Bromine
284 Bronze
358 Buddhism
130 Bulemia
314, 321 Burbridge Theory
418 Bush Sickness
31, 378
209
284 C
284 Cc
202 Ca
34, 72, 74, 285 Cadmium
88, 89, 90, 91 Ca:P ratio

297
285
285
285
285

55, 195
64

287
287
85, 103, 114
23, 287
70

288
297
288

53

10

126
34, 289
4l

297
287
288
288

26

432
418

2

306

288
293
304
299

490

Calcium

Calculi
Cannibalism
Carbohydrates
Carbon
Cardiomyopathy
Carpathian Mountains
Carrel

Carver

Cd

Ce

Cell salts
Cerebral palsy
Cerium

Cesium
Chelated
Chinese
Chlorine
Chondrodystrophy
Cholesterol
Chopra
Christianity
Christmas Miracle
Chromium
Cinnabar
Civilization

Cl

Clay

Cleft palate

Cm

Co

Cobalt

Colloidal

Composition (soil)

(soil sol)

(Sea)
Condensing agent
Copper
Core, Earth
Cr
Cramps

meet

23, 293, 297
300

59, 61, 83
290

288

154, 379
67

184

48

304

304

270, 271
130, 315, 317
304

314

256

436

304

266

291

431

447

61

306

29

26

304

10, 39, 56
131

304

304

304

11, 39, 40, 251,
256

6

8

9

13

25, 314

5

306

297

Cravings
Cribbing
Crust, Earth
Crystalloids
Cs

Cu
Cupellation
Curium
Cyanobacteria
Cystic fibrosis

D

Dahmer

Darwin
Depression
Diabetes
Diagenetic
Diocites

DNA

Donner Party
Doshas

Dover’s Powder
Dowager’s hump
Down’s Syndrome
Dracula

Dropsy

Dust

Dy

Dysprosium

E

Earth Summit
Easter Island
Electrum
Epsom

Epsom Water
Er

Erbium

53

54

5

260

314

314

27

304

13, 15, 16
130, 136, 137,
140, 149, 154,
381

119

38

344

307, 308, 412
ll

10

13, 124, 141
60

431

oi

297

130

66

24

38

327

327

44
106
27, 28

3H)
327
327

491

Eu

Eukaryotic
Europium
Explosive rages

F

F

Fangs

Fasting

Fe

Flourine

Fossil
Forbidden fruit
Four Food Groups
Fr

Francium
Frankenfoods

G

Ga

Gabbros
Gadolinium
Gallium

Gd

Ge

Genetic potential
Geophagia
Geographic tongue
Germanium
Gilgamesh
Gilles

Glacial Milk
Glacier
Goiter

Gold
Gold-cooking
Golden Horde
Great Flood
Great Wall
Grand Canal

327
5

327
114

327
63
426
329
327
12,
425
421
330
330
52

330

10

330
330
330
330

171

54

103
330

181

70

213, 251, 254
252
341, 342
32, 285
30

67

26

46

46

Grave’s Disease
Gray hair

H

H

Hafnium

Hair analysis
Hallstatt
Hashimoto’s Disease
Hayflick

He

Helium
Hermaphrodite
Hernia

Hf

Hiatal hernia
Hindu
Hippocrates
Hg

Ho

Holmium
Holocaust Man
Homosexual
Hot World
Humic shale
Humus

Hunza
Hydrogen
Hydrolic Society
Hyperborean
Hypertension

I

I

Igneous
Immortalists
Immune system
In

Indium
Insomnia

343
316

335
336
272
20
343
184
336
336
157
132
336
132
428
30
336
341
341
88
153
12
41, 259, 261, 262
11, 40
99, 200
335
46, 47
181
297

341

185
165
343
343
297

492

Iodine 341 Lordosis
Ir 343 Lou Gehrig's Disease
Iridium 343 Lu
Iron 329 Lupus
Iron Man 106 Lutecium
Islam 445
M
J Magnesium
Jack the Ripper 7 Manganese
Jainists 422, 427 Mantle, Earth
Jekyll and Hyde 85 Mass murderers
Judaism 441 Maybrick
Junk Food Junky 421 McCabe
McCarrison
K Mercury
Metal fingers
K 343 Metallic minerals
Kapha 432, 434, 435 Mg
Kawasaki Disease 153, 314, 319 Mineral ratios
Keshan Disease 152 Mn
Kidney stones 297 Mo
Killing Fields PRs Molybdenum
Kr 344 Mormon
Kryologists 184 Mortuary cannibalism
Krypton 344 Munchies
Kung Fu 182 Muscular dystrophy
Kyphosis 297
L N
La 344 N
Lanthanum 344 Na
Lead 21, 22, 373 Nb
Legg-Pethe’s Disease 297 Nd
Li 344 Ne
Li - Ching - Yun 192 Neodymium
Lipids 290 Neon
Lithium 24, 97, 344 Neptunium
Liver cirrhosis 384 Ni
Liver spots 378, 388 Nickel
Longevity 167, 171 Niobium

297
337, 339, 340
350
378
350

350

351

5

114

72

372

99

336, 338
269, 418
255

350

275

351

352

352

454

61

58

130, 134, 135,
152, 385

353
SDD)
356
356
356
356
356
356
356
356
356

493

Nitrogen
Noble metals
Np

NPK

Nu

O

0

Octopus Springs
Olivine
Omnivore
Organic colloids
Os

Osmium
Osteoporosis
Osteophagia
Oxygen

Oxygen Revolution
Ozone

P

P

Pa

Packer
Pagophagia
Palladium
Panic attack
Paracelsus
Pasteur

Pb

Pd

Peat

Periodic table
Perkins
Perkinsonism
Pernicious anemia
pH
Phosphorus
Pica

353
32
356
48
62

358
12

473,
213, 283
372
372
297

358
15
372

372

373

61

56

375

297

30

123

373

375

4l

279, 280
33

33

306

335

372

53, 59, 72, 112

Pitta
Plato
Platinum

Played out
Plutonium

Pm

Po

Polonium

Post natal

Pr

Praseodymium
Preconception
Predators, soil
Preperation of steel
Price

Prince of Darkness
Prokaryotic
Promethium
Protein
Protoactinium

Pt

Pu

Q

Qi

R

Ra

Radium
Radioactive dating
RARE EARTHS

Rb

Re
Remineralize
Rh

Rhenium

433, 435
158
375

47, 106
375
375
375
375
161
375
375
124, 142
40

22

107

66

15

375
291
373
375
375

182, 427

376

376

3

34, 38, 265, 304,
327, 330, 341,
344, 350, 356,
375, 410, 411,
413

376

376

37

376

376

494

Rhodium

Rickets

Rn

RNA

Rock flour

Ru

Rubidium

Russian Georgians
Ruthenium

S

Ss

Salt

Salt block
Salt hunger
Salt March
Salt Mountain
Salt tax
Samarium

Sb

Sc

Scandium
Scoliosis

Se

See-Food Diet
Selenium
Senate Doc.264
Serial killer
Shangri-La
Shinto

Si

Siamese twins
Sickle cell
SIDS

Silica

Silver

Sm

Sn

Sodium

Soil

Soil atmosphere

376

23

376

13, 19, 141, 269
253

376

376

195

376

376

19

19

EB}

22

20

22

410
378
378
378
383
378
85, 421
378

43

71, 83
184
440
409
144
378
382, 394
10, 409
33, 281
410
410
BD)

11, 39
40

Soil conditioners
Soil solution
Son of Sam
Soylent Green
Spina bifida
Spurs

Sr
Stomatolites
Stoker, Bram
Strontium
Subsoil

Sui Dynasty
Sulfur
Supernova

T

Ta
Tantalum
Tao

Tb

Me

Te
Technetium
Tellurium
Terbium

Th
Thallium
Thorium
Thulium

Ti

Tibet

Tin
Titanium
Titicaca

Tm

Toxcatl
Trace minerals
Tractors
Transilvania
Trisomy
Tsampa

Al
40
117
x)
130
299, 301
410
13
67
410
11

376

411
4ll
182, 439
4ll
4ll
411
411
411
411
411
411
411
411
411
191
410
4ll
411
411
64
269
33
67
130, 133
191

495

Tungsten
Twins

U

U
Uranium
Undernutrition

V

Vv

Vampire
Vanadium
Vata

Vedas
Vegans
Vegetarian
Vilcabamba
Virgin soil
Vital energy
Vitamins
Vlad the Impaler

W

W
Wallachia

144

fs
aes

411
59, 66, 88
411

433, 435
430

473

472, 473
G3)

AT

427

293, 295
67

412
67

ae |

Warm pond
Wechuge

Werewolf
Windingo

Wisdom of the body

X

Xe
Xenon

Y

Y

Yb
Ytterbium
Yttrium

Z

Zen

Zinc

Zircon crystals
Zirconium

Zn

Zr

12

i

59, 66, 83
70

421

413
413

413
413
413
413

440

30, 35, 413
4

420

413

420

496



“We are part of the Earth and it is a part of us... for all things are connected.”
Chief Seattle

It is in true scientific sense that we have been making “bread from stones” as the bibli-
cal allegory intimates, but not by a momentary miraculous process. Our heritage of soil
fertility accumulated in ages past has telescoped the time lapse between bread from
stones to bring these two close together. With the squandering of our soil fertility by
continuous crop removal and insufficient fertility return, the distance between bread
and stones will not be bridged by the best of science. If our soil fertility decline is to go
much further we shall wish for some miraculous power by which we may quickly con-
vert stones into bread.

-William A. Albrecht

College of Agriculture

University of Missouri

speaking of Bread fromStones

ta.

<dove UA

&
’,