Please come up during the program in order to help us balance. Please come up during the program in order to help us balance. Please come up during the program in order to help us balance. 825-5225, give us triple-8, 825-5225. Hey, if you like the show, please consider subscribing, leading review, and sharing it with your friends. It really helps. We're excited to chat with our ready-to-talk team in America. Taking off the shower, we have Madison calling from Burlington, Iowa. Hey, Madison, welcome to the show. Hi. Hey, how are you? I'm doing great. I'm excited to chat with you. So, my name is Madison. I'm a business officer here in the Wilmington, Iowa, and I'm a virtual group. And you... Yeah, so my husband travels to work in the 45th century because he traveled all over the country and the dollars. At the time, we thought that our options would be to recognize different things about our work and their needs, so that's kind of the problem. So now we have that, and we are coming up about this, so how about $39,000 to make this a winner? Thank you. So, the other house is from the Southern Southern, which in our house is a little bit longer than just 100,000. The raise in the house is probably more, but your husband did travel for work, so that situation changed. So, he has chosen in case I have to be home, and I have started my own development business, I was on the line, and I was like, oh, I've got to get out of this place. And that's what that is. And how much money do you guys have for that? About $7,000 in, and that's really much more. How much do you think you can get with the camera? We're about to get $4,000. Okay, so you're underwater, and you get money, and then you can cover the difference? Okay. That's probably my A1, because you'll put your most of the access in that chamber, and then you can clear up that thing. Yeah, and you have a lot of shop, so how do you work with that? So, I think there are some options for that, so I just want to talk about it. Okay. And then we're going to sell the truck for $130 left over after that. We're going to buy you a reasonable economic use card, and then with the rest of the money, we're going to pass my card, and now we're kind of at a spread line, where we don't have any data to set the mortgage, and we can save up a fully funded emergency fund, and now we're off to raises. Yeah, I also have about $13,000 in that card, Dad. Is that part of the sign-in item? Yeah. Okay. So, we're going to get some of that. Once this camper is paid off, just list out all of those debts from small stores, and we're selling that truck, too, that really helps speed this whole thing up. Yeah. And so, whatever lower balance is, after you sell the vehicle, it's the camper and truck, and we're going to attack the smallest one that that needs, and the next one, without making $125, you guys can do this the next few months. Yeah, I only have just a couple of other things to add to that. And I kind of like to tell them how much I'm spending, and I am now a creative person, like, spending every dollar I have. So, I don't think that's going to make you feel much. You've seen, Janice, you're like, oh, gosh, you can never go back, which is an awesome thing. Have you come up with a card yet? Oh, yeah. And one of them now, so I'm going to have people go over, so I can make them sign off to know how much I'm asking. So, I think that's kind of how you're doing. This is how you're doing. So, is he on board with the same plan as you ready to sign the camper and the truck, and do all of this to get out of there? Yeah. Yeah, it was just kind of getting to my car, it was kind of like that little shuffle, and it was, well, it sounded like he was just a truck driver in trade, and he was using his driver today. Yeah. One of my goals, what's the difference? Can we go to the reason for SUV? Let us get to your comment. I think, though, I think he might have told us that, I don't know if you're on company or not, but two years, or three years. That was a little white, nice to see. Oh, my goodness. That's a couple of years. I don't know how I want to say it. Well, I'm not a super truck driver. I'm sure he looks at that. But I'm super truck driver. I'm a super truck driver. I'm a super truck driver. I'm a super truck driver. I'm a super truck driver. And I don't think that would be very good one, yeah. I'm a super truck driver. I feel like a word is from my future dream right now. We get ourselves a great financial spot. And then later on, you can get a cheap old truck just for the deer. Yeah, that feels like a better one. Right now, based on our entire financial plan, I'm putting a deer on the corner. This is a bad plan to look at this. And if John Belanger's here, he would be supportive of this. I'm glad Dr. Dur is not on this call. I'm all for the deer, honey. I'm not. I don't think we need a faster one truck right now. Right now, there's an order to the madness. It goes death, freedom, then deer hunting. So we just need to pay all these sets straight. So I haven't listened to this call. But you know what to do, Madison. And now it's just getting out of business. It's selling the camera, selling the truck, paying off the debt. Let's get the emergency fund. Let's go find the other car. This is going to be a part-time job for the next month. But you're going to walk away with such freedom of peace and set yourself up for it. I swear you're for it. Yeah, I think as you map all around, you can see the timeline of the end. Well, it's really not that far. Thanks to you. You do have big things to sell. So I think you're going to get there for sure. And you can get that truck again. We'll be right back with a brand new show. Hey, I get it. Budgets are tight right now. So it's time to really look at your typical expenses and see what you can say. Especially from overpriced services like your phone dial. This is one area you can say, big with a right provider. That's why I recommend consumers sell your they give you the same great coverage as the big name providers. And you can say what they have on your bill by switching consumers out your office plans to starting at just $20 a month. And then forget getting stuff on hold or dealing with double global services. Consumer Show Your and Inc. Number One, customer service, how you make a virtual number of operators, $13 a row by $80. So you get a real person ready to help you every time. So Consumer Show Your dot com slash ram Jeep, use the promo code ram Jeep, you get $25 off your bill for a limited time. It's time to give your budget a break. Check out Consumer Show Your. Today is inflation and the economy making your head spin. Join me in our ransy personalities from building wealth for YF2. You'll get a pretty good plan. But the old wealth never works. You can't eat the economy for anything. You can't eat an apple in the animal on February 16th. Foster taxes February 23rd. Salt Lake City April 24th. And Anaheim gentlemen your May 2nd. Since you're selling your media back, you're going to be able to get a full file. So enjoy life in this most amazing part of the world. And if you find one of these needs in the area is more than you know or someone who is, such an expert, the opportunity to become a one or two hour weekly sponsor for CSCO is well worth considering. The rate is complete first, far too much to mention on the 16th chapter program. If you want to take a shot at being a CSCO host, you can go to the website. And I think I do. But I have a lot of fun on the brain and wanted to act like a pop work and be like, I want to sell food here. Oh, what's one of those things? Oh my gosh. So once again I was sitting in my friends room and I'm a mess, you know, I have a Christmas and I always report from family. And I was struggling to figure out how organized I was like, I need a meal. And I'm really, I'm really, I'm really excited about that. I feel very excited. And I found there like literally going through my mind trying to justify how it was a result. And it could fall, I just didn't know it was a show. I did fall, I was like okay, I just rolled off. But I still, I still loved it. I knew that show. But I was a guy who's committed to a community of people that I'm not going to spend on the official items this month and so I did not find it. And then that fall repeating, I realized that I'm actually in the show. And you don't need more storage. I actually need to be closer to us friends. Like I need less friends. So it's interesting how we often jump to spending and finding something to solve a problem when in reality that's really not fixing the problem. And so just challenging myself to go okay, like what is the real issue here if I don't just try to solve my problem and be able to find something? I can't believe how many garages I've asked out in my neighborhood. And there's just loads of different boxes. There are no cars in the garage that they can't fit. The nice cars on payments are in the driveway because there's too much traffic there. That is how we have become broke America. I think that's a good one. And I've seen some users jump in with their comments. Chris Marlow said 48 bucks with our grocery, for a family of four. And we've been doing this for a while. Yeah, I feel like all sorts of people are winning with us. Of course we have to discuss that. We'll talk about here in a minute. But there are a lot of people who've committed to this challenge at the beginning of the year. And they are winning. Bill James wrote, you and Jordan fired their life on the podcast with no stand-up. We were bumped up to 1,300 dollars a month. They're leaning out. On Sunday, I went to all-in with our list. I used a calculator as I walked around. I usually went in trying to beat 100 dollars and walked away with a cart full and a week's worth of groceries for 75 dollars. Thank you, your team for all you do. I love that. It is so cool to be challenging myself. People who thought, you know, I'm just a geek then with my groceries, but I don't spend anything crazy. But then when they get really mindful and they really create a little plan and they really create a list when they go to the store, seeing just how much they can save and how quickly they can get ahead. Can I read the comments and the skeptic? Yes, I'm going to read it how I think they wrote it. I'm sorry, no. Don't tell the rest of us to spend less than a year smarter. We shouldn't have to, as you say, cut it back and shop sales just to find it. Does that sound accurate? I think that's how they set it up. Those are part of what we're changing. That's all I have. It just has that attitude of, I don't want to change. I don't want to sacrifice. I'm having to be mediocre. And anything you're doing to better yourself is offensive to me. I mean, I can't talk about that. That's today's society. But it's a thing that we can't control the system. Of course, we're frustrated about working prices have gone up. I would love for it to be cheaper. That would be great, but I can't control that. So I'm going to think through, what can I control? What can I do for me and my family to make progress? But if you kind of have to see that you're a victim, you're just going to complain about the situation and not do anything. You're never going to win it. Absolutely. You're never going to get a thing you know about a long time. From my real, I've posted saying, it's cheaper to eat at home than to eat out, never. Are you saying that you've been to the grocery store since 1998? And so I just wanted to give you guys a little round of yours because I actually live this stuff out. I live for Sim Club in Costco. These are self-loves. And I'm a soup guy. I love a good soup. And so Sim Club has this Mediterranean style of soup, very un-brained from the estimate of his Mediterranean. And it's $8 for $2,000 each giant container. So if you do the math, it's less than $2 a serving. That's the main thing. You can feed a family of four for $8. And it can require 1,000 dishes. And your time is so valuable that you can't, listen, you just heat it up with a microwave on the stovetop and it'll dry your five minutes. There's no excuse. And it's healthy. It's like we're laying all the way around, so it can be done. And then finally, my thing that's really stuck out in my head is I learned recently about the concept of first-place-o. So our first-place-o is our home. Our second space is our work. And our third space is kind of like where we go at any time and how fun. And it's so easy nowadays to make that first-place-o the mall, TJ Nats, or some sort of store. And you're just wondering if you have definitely a lot of tools within your own home. And it's like that, if you surround yourself in those moments with things that make you want to spend money, you're going to be more likely to bust your budget. So thinking through what our first thing is that don't require you to spend money, I know a lot of people think that this is like a relative task, but the public library, it is amazing. Check out your local public library. They have free books that you can rent. A lot of times I've posted this on social media and a lot of people are sharing their libraries or looking at the way that they're like, when you rent the mall, it's pretty much just too fun for the amazing to me. Also, you know, parks and play around the city have amazing free parks, but all of a sudden these new and comfortable parks where actually there's no time on the tour and the parks surround Nashville. That is like the majority of the difference from a person wearing a logo. I mean, in your church, like, if you're a church community, you can have a lot of people involved there. And then you create a sister friend group. You don't consider rotating houses with hotwalks or dessert nights and creating fun free spaces where you can hang out. I mean, this week has been a big challenge to me because this is gonna sound terrible. I'm very committed, but, you know, we moved last year and on Friday night we got two little kids. We're trying to keep them happy. We're keeping them entertained. The results are on Friday night. Can you say the truth, TJ, that? Yeah, I think that's a great question. Because when you're in the game, we can kind of decompress and raise up those mechanisms to understand what we're doing. I think that's a good question. Yeah, so it's been good. It's been very helpful. It's been humbling and also it's great to do it in community. And it's also a good reminder of when you're making these big financial changes and you're going through challenges with your finances and you're getting the balance and getting community with it. Like, honestly, there's been several moments where I've tried to justify things in my head and I'm like, no, I'm not going to. Why am I trying to? I'm not going to. Why am I entering an Instagram community who is doing this challenge with me when I feel accountable? And so it's just so important to you, it comes to you. If you're in financial teams, university, if you are on the need set too, if you're trying to get things to get balance, have surround yourself with people who have similar goals, with similar values. Community, that accountability factor is so huge. Well, hey, continue on the journey with us with this No Spend Month. We'd love to hear how you're doing that. You can send an email to ask at ransisl but no spend month in the subject line. We'd love to hear creative ways. You are saving that cash. Let go. We'll be right back with the ransing challenge. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. and healthy bodies start to affect great places. These are the places where these high-rest reforms have been used here. I've been studying how the bodies have been 35 years. I've gotten excited and shocked and surprised you put this up. It didn't change your life. I've used diabetes or freed diabetes or dysplasia that for sure. Sugar still in cells have tuned out. These are the places where china bodies are sugar and points are the highest. The cells just stop listening to the answers. You also try to use them to facilitate what sugar doesn't go down. And let your stay validated so you can react to curious questions in the bodies, especially the questions about humans and the questions you have over cells and the reasons why you should resist these races. This is called influence in sensitivity or insulin resistance. By the way, insulin resistance is a problem not just because cell phone listening is one but because insulin does other things. Insulin is a problem that makes cell devices even though cell phone listening to this is command for the process sugar and other effective disorders still going on. For example, you know, the insulin-effective sugar process that reduces your condition in terms of facts on dividing cells make yourself divine. That's not diminished at all. Elevated insulin and insulin levels go up. Your cell just trying to divide new cells and insist that these cells ultimately, insulin elevations are responsible for the size of your insulin. Well, it's disposable to be used in the world of the now-used cancer. You can purchase these free and quality products at both their places online at kscohawk.com and kscohawk.com. I'm a pharmacist that believes that staying healthy is not only about medicines, but also about the health of your own. So, I would like to ask you to check out the website kscohawk.com and get your copy of What Your Life Not There. Welcome back to the Randy Show. I'm Christina Ellis. Join today and I'll be right back. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. We've got your hand up. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.