America hangs out to have a conversation about your life and your money. I am your host, Jane Borshawn. I am joined by George Campbell. We've got a great show for you guys today. Hey, be sure to call and say the number is 888-825-5225. We'd love to take your calls about your life and your money. And hey, if you're a new listener and you want to just dive deeper into the things we teach, the Ramsey Baby Steps, Ramsey Principles, check out ramsysolutions.com and click that Get Started button. We want to help you figure out what the best next step is for your financial journey based on where you are today. That's ramsysolutions.com. Click Get Started. And hey, one more thing. If you like this show, can you consider liking it, sharing it, passing it along? We would love if you did that. It costs you nothing. Let's go to the phone lines. We've got Tim from Jefferson City. What's going on, Tim? Hey, how are you all doing? We're doing good. What's going on? So, my wife's been talking about Dave Ramsey's and y'all for a long time. Recently we sold her house. I understand how to do that because we have... Just so you're sitting in our savings account, and I am just terrified to do anything with it. I know what I'm supposed to do with it based off of what y'all teach, but I'm afraid to the point where I can't even tie the church. We both make a good living. I don't know where the fear is coming from, and I don't know the right next step in order to get out from beyond this. Do you think it's because you've just never seen that much money sitting in an account at one time and you just don't want to mess it up? Is that what it is? No, I never had any money. I was never given money until I met my wife. We got married, she took over fine marriage. She's a phenomenal saver. We've been close to that, been the past. I've always just led money, and now that we have no debt and I have two kids, we're both... I've put it off as we've been in our careers. So, what do you think the right next step is? If you were to use this money today, what would it go for? I don't know. We've all had good cars. We have our roof over our heads that we're renting. Our kids are also holding their clothes. How much is it? I don't know. How much is what? How much is the amount sitting in the account? Oh, it's just for $100,000. So, what's the next step for you guys? Does that include your emergency funds in that $100,000? That's... Yeah, that's close to everything. We probably have like $110,000. Okay, okay. So, aside from the emergency fund, your next step, if you want it to be, is homeownership and using that money as a down payment. Right. Are you guys investing currently? Yeah, we... My wife and I, Nicole and Jay and I, and my rock. And we both have tensions with our work. And that's the thing, we're in the military and we don't know how many moves we have left. So, you're moving every few years. So, okay, let's just rent. And we're going to be here for two or three years. We're going to move somewhere else. Let's keep renting. So... Correct. Essentially, I mean, like what George said, you've got... If you can kind of separate the six months of expenses, because in your case, I would keep it at six months. And then just make sure that... Because for all intents and purposes, you're at this point on baby step four. If you're investing 15%, and you're not quite ready to buy a home yet or go on to a further step, you know, after the 15% invested, you can just sit on that money for a while. Make sure if maybe in the next five years, if you have a plan, you know, to maybe purchase at that point, let it sit in a high-yield savings account for a little while. But if you know, hey, this is like, I'm in the military or this is our plan for a long time, more than five years, then it might be smart to get with a SmartVestor Pro and see if it's worth investing that money so that, you know, you can gain on it and gain a great interest rate. How does that come to you? It makes sense. It's just, Jerry, I don't know why I'm a person that comes in. Look, here's the thing. Look at where you're at now. I feel like you're kind of stuck in the past on all this stuff that you did in the past, and that's dead and gone. Look where you're at now. You have no debt, you've got paid-for cars, you're living and renting, you're making good choices, and you've got a virtuous woman next to you who's helping you make good choices. You're sitting pretty, dude. I married up. You're doing good. This is not all on your shoulder to decide where you're going to go. This is a marital decision we're making as a team based on our shared vision, our shared goals, and like Jade said, you don't have to make any decisions today. That's the beautiful thing. You can sit there. I would rather sit in a high-yield savings account, which is, by the way, going to be, you know, FDIC insured, the money's safe, up to $250,000 per person on the account, and so you're good. This money's not just going to disappear. You're not going to go to Vegas tomorrow, and so I'm sleeping better at night instead of worse. I know that's right, and you're the one who called in the show. You made a good choice, so let's put that in. Since you're keeping score, it sounds like on your good choices versus bad choices, put a little check box next to the fact that today you made a great choice, and tomorrow you're going to make good choices, and the next day, and the next day. You're doing good. There's only three things you can do with that money, and you can give it, save it, and spend it. You mentioned you're having a hard time even letting some of it go, but there is such beauty and freedom in having an open home and going, you know, I'm going to give a little to my church, to the offerings above tide. I'm going to give a little to an organization. We're going to do that regularly. We're going to allocate some of this for a vacation or a cool experience, whatever it is, and then the rest of it, we're just going to keep saving, and that helps you feel a little more balanced versus leaning one way or another, feeling out of control. Yeah, that's right. That's a good call. I think people face that a lot, you know, when you have this background where it's like, oh my gosh, I've never done good things with money, I just make all these bad decisions, and then before you know it, George, you look up, and it's kind of like, wait a second, I did something right, and then you did another thing right, and then you did another thing right, and before you know it, you aren't good at money. And there's such wisdom in having a little bit of that caution and fear when it comes to having that pile. Most people are going to go, sweet, the pile of money in the bank, let's go spend it, let's go get an $80,000 card. Instead, Tim's going, we worked really hard for this, and I've never been in this position, and I'm just a little bit nervous. And over time, you're going to get more comfortable being in this financial situation. Your incomes are going to continue to go up. You're going to continue saving. You're going to start saving for your kid's future education in college. You're going to, that's right, pay a house off one day. So this is just a milestone in the journey, so celebrate it, have a plan for it, budget it, but don't lose sleep over it. That's right. And you know, another good thing about that call that I kind of want to call out for other people, a lot of people sell their home, and it's like, okay, I've got this money sitting here, and the temptation is to want to invest that money. Because you think, oh, if I can just put in this stock market, maybe I can't do anything with inflation, Jade. Yeah, well, they want to invest it and think that maybe they can get, you know, a bigger return, but they want to buy a house in the next two to three years. And it's kind of like... Well, if the market did what it did last year, you're hurting for certain. You didn't make money with your money invested. And that's, we talk about the stock market being a long-term game, a long-term mindset. And over time, consistently, we've seen you will make money from the stock market. But if you have the mindset of, well, I just don't want it sitting in the savings account, the checking account, so I'm going to throw it in the stock market, that's a recipe for disaster. It sure is. You're jumping off the roller coaster too early in the press. It sure is. And you're going to be a little bit disappointed at what you find. So yeah, park that money in a high-yield savings account. And when it's time, you'll have a nice little nest egg saved up there. This is the Ramsey Show. Hey, John Deloni here. You've heard me say that sleep is crucial for your mental health. But it doesn't have to be complicated. You just need good sleep habits, a good sleep environment, and an amazing mattress. And that's why I recommend DreamCloud Mattresses. And right now, you can get 25% off any mattress plus $599 in accessories and an additional $50 cash discount with promo code JOHNDELONI, one word. So go to dreamcloudsleep.com and enter promo code JOHNDELONI today. For insurance plans changing and deductibles resetting, a lot of you might be looking at higher out-of-pocket costs in the new year. That's why I recommend SingleCare. SingleCare helps millions of people save on prescription medications with no membership fees or premiums. And it only takes a few seconds to check the SingleCare price before filling your next prescription. Download the free app or visit singlecare.com and start saving at the pharmacy today. Hey, what's up? Dr. John Deloni here. Listen, I need everyone to put your phones down. I've got a question for you. When was the last time you looked somebody in the eyes and felt seen and completely hurt? Folks, we are wired to have deep, meaningful, and fun relationships, not just they glued to our phones swiping and thumbs-downing everybody we disagree with. It's a new year, so why not focus on actual relationships with real people? That's why I created Questions for Humans. Check out the newest editions of our most popular decks like Couples, Friends, and Parents and Kids. You'll spend time laughing and building deeper relationships. And while you're at it, learn the five steps to living a whole and connected life in my latest book, Phone Your Past, Change Your Future. You'll unpack why the weight of your past is keeping you from being joyful and healthy. Remember, you're worth being well. Get the book in your favorite decks today at ramsysolutions.com slash store. That's ramsysolutions.com slash store. Hi, Dave Ramsey. Listen, it's M.Z., the owner of KSCO Radio here. With an important message from you, we knew that the Ramsey Show was a very popular show nationwide, even the fact that 60 Minutes ran a segment on Dave Ramsey several years ago. So it made sense to try running this very successful, practical, non-political show live on KSCO from 12 noon to 2 p.m. weekdays. That said, we want you to know that if you own a local business or know someone who owns a local business, the Ramsey Show offers a very attractive and reasonable cost advertising opportunity to grow a business. We're talking rates as low as $175 per week for everyday exposure on this very popular, non-controversial radio program. We have plenty of other attractive advertising opportunities that I would love to share with anyone who owns a business and would like to grow it with KSCO. Email me for the complete lowdown, mz at ksco.com. That's mz at ksco.com. Hey, this is Dr. Duncan McCollum, and I have this amazing patient, Lauren, here, and she has a few things to say. Hi, I'm Lauren Spencer, a local realtor, and I've been seeing Duncan for years now. I had a Viking accident, and he's been adjusting me since then, and it's been amazing. But lately, I've had trouble with my feet, and I'm an avid walker, avid biker, avid golfer, and my feet were aching all the time. And I tried Duncan's TRT machine, which is an amazing stem cell machine that rejuvenates the cells. And my feet, I've had like three or four sessions with the machine, and my feet are like new. No aches, no pains. It's a miracle. So I really highly recommend Duncan and his chiropractic services, but also that TRT machine. You gotta try it. Wow, thanks, Lauren. That was awesome. So we still have the $49 special. Come on in and see if it works for you. Thank you. Smart pleasure. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. It felt like a miracle. You were the first time. That's how I do, really? Yeah. You're the best. Oh, I love it all. Well, first of all, I want to say my husband and I, you see a listening, where we've been following you guys on on Stacey's face in August. Last year, my brother and my father told us about you guys. We're like, yeah, you know, but then we finally like dabbled. So here we are. We have a pleasure here. Well, thank you. Thank you. We have a very, I guess everybody says the situation is unique, but ours is unique to us. I just turned 30 and I was just 35, and we have three children from eight to turn three and nine months. And we were working at purchasing our first home and then going the traditional route. And then that's when we discovered that my husband, Anthony, actually does not have credit, because credit scores are zero. And then the only debt that he has is probably holding up to maybe 3,000? Maybe. Just personal things here and there that we can honestly knock out with like a paycheck. And then with me, I just have student loans and then a vehicle from a previous relationship that's actually kind of tied up in a court situation. So that'll take care of itself within a little while. The second family of three homes. We've been going through the baby steps. And while we did do baby steps one and start on baby step two, both of our children needed some dental work. One needed braces. One had to get, you know, cavities. So that's where our savings went to. But I was a little upset that my husband's like, that's an emergency fund and that's what it's there for. So we're building back up our savings, and you know, we're probably maybe 500 towards the 1,500 mark. But because I've never heard of anybody not having credit or like, I guess, providing this for a home, if you will, with no credit cards or nothing. And again, my husband is the only one working because we don't see the play of the child care at the moment. So I'm taking two years off because I work all four people time. Okay. We just want to know what is the direction that we should actually go. We're in a position to where we can either turn this into a really great situation because we technically don't have a whole lot of debt or we can just move on. Well, I thought I heard you. I thought I also thought of the student loans and the $3,000. Well, that's what I was getting to because I could have swore I heard you say there was 3,000 and there's student loans. How much are the student loans? So my student loans total up to $32,000. Okay. I've been making payments on and on and then on and on. I'm currently in a forbearance period that is scheduled to be, I have to look, but I think I've put a forbearance in June. Okay. So we're going to start making payments on those. Can you make payments for me? I'm definitely good. Yeah. Does your husband have student loans or just you? No, he doesn't. He pays his way through school because he's smarter than me. So $35,000 of debt total. Okay. So, you know, what I'm going to do, Madeline, is I'm walking through the baby steps. You already started that process. I don't want to skip ahead. I don't want to do anything out of order. So you had your starter emergency fund of $1,000. Do you still have that? I know the kids had to get braces and whatnot. Do you still have $1,000 there? Of course, if you ask the middle February, we will. Don't be kicked or a caving plane. Okay. So we'll get baby stuff one done. Once that's done, then we're going to start attacking your debt using the debt snowball. And we're just going to do smallest and largest. So we'll knock out that little $3K deal first, the $32K after that. And we're just going to snowball it. You've got to get in tense with those payments. What's your take home pay between you and your husband combined? Combined, we're looking at probably $62,000. Are those student loans? I'm a fable mom. I have the workbook on it. Okay. So are those student loans, are they broken out into smaller loans? Or is it one giant loan? Yes. Okay. Well, they're broken out into smaller loans. So the biggest loan that I have is actually $23K. And then the other, there's three more that kind of just... What's the smallest one? The smallest one I have is $500K. Okay. That's the one I want you to focus on. And that's your only goal. You're going to make minimum payments on all the rest of those loans. We're just going to attack the smallest one with a vengeance with all the margin we can create through our budget, through spending less and making more. And that means that homeownership is going to be on the back burner for a little while, because we have to clean up this $35,000, then we need to have a fully funded emergency fund of three to six months of expenses. Then we can start saving up the down payment for the house. So this might be a few years away. Gotcha. And that's what we were talking about. We wanted to push forward, but at the same time, we're like, one, with the market being the way it is, and then two, with us just being like a one-income family, we don't necessarily want to put ourselves in a situation where we're like, oh, we can't afford it, but then it kind of messes up our savings and everything else. You can afford it until reality hits and life happens, and then you need to do the braces again because they screwed up, and then the HVAC goes out, and you thought the rent was going to be equal to the mortgage, but it turns out there's property taxes and insurance and home maintenance and repairs, and you can feel the weight of what that would be like in your budget. That's right. And I'm pausing on this, and once he gets there, once you get there and become completely debt-free, the emergency fund, of course, he's going to have no credit score if he pays all this off. Make sure all those lines are closed, and you can do what's called manual underwriting. Our friends at Churchill Mortgage do these all the time. I went through this process myself. It's called a no-score loan. Yep, I did it. It worked every time. And you're going to need to have 12 months of rental history of consistent on-time payments. You're going to need to show that you paid your insurance bills on time every month, your cell phone bills on time every month, your utility bills on time every month. And if you have those types of things in your life, Churchill Mortgage will look at you like a real person, like before credit scores existed in the 80s. That's right. And they had to go, yeah, you guys have the income to afford this. You've got no debt, so the debt-to-income ratio is amazing. Yep. And you have money in the bank for the down payment. Yeah. We'll give you the loan. That's a great call, Madeline. Thanks for the call. Let's take a look and see what's going on here with Nedra. Nedra is here from Washington, D.C. What's going on, Nedra? Hello. Hi. I'm a college student, because I'm married, but my husband and I originally married, we made it like two years ago. Okay. And prior to him meeting me, he was already close to retirement, so he has his day over here with all that going on. He did all of that. So with me, I make $16.31 by weekly. And what I'm trying to do is find a way to order some things and to get myself out of debt. So I make $16.31 by weekly. And after I get paid, I don't have anything left. I can't picture. How much does that give? $16.31. I have a large amount of debt. How much? How much debt? I can give you. Well, my school debt is $17,000, and my car net is $8,604. And then I have credit card usage. I have one account for $474. The other one is $4,474. Okay. And then I have like a Bob's furniture. I have cookies and furniture, because we had just purchased a home. So I wanted some new bedroom furniture, and we got that, and that's a balance of $1,538. Mm-hmm. So neither of you confused. You got married. But this sounds like you're on your own in this world. Uh-huh. Yeah. Well. Have you guys not combined bank accounts? Is he not part of this debt payoff thing? No. He said he did not want to combine. And how does that make you feel? Pretty good. Pretty good. Whoa. Wait. When he married Nedra, he married all of Nedra. Didn't he? Does he know that? Yeah. Yeah. Here's what I – you guys got to get on the same page with this, because when you get married, there's no more me and you. It becomes ours, and you're not going to get far. Even Nedra, if you do this all by yourself, there's going to be a rift, and there's going to be a problem there, because you guys are not one. So I do want you guys to get with a local pastor. I want you guys to get with a counselor. You've got to get on the same page about this, because you're going to start feeling resentful. How much money does he have in savings? I'm pretty much – Does he have liquid cash? He said, can you have liquid cash? Yeah. How much does he have in his bag? I just cash on him that you can get to. I'm wishing him some money, but maybe he's not a terrible person. Well, we've got to get away from guessing and wishing and hoping and get real numbers. And if he's not willing to share his bank account with you, I'm not sharing a bed with him. I know. That's how this works. This is marriage. That's what he signed up for. You guys got to work together, and until you do, I still want you to dig into the baby steps, walk those baby steps out in order. But, Nedra, do not let this go untouched, all right? This resentment will crush the relationship over time, as you're clawing and scratching on your own. It sure will. I want you to work on this, all right, Nedra? Don't forget about it, and don't try to do this by yourself. This is The Ramsey Show. This is The Ramsey Show. This is The Ramsey Show. This is The Ramsey Show. This is The Ramsey Show. This is The Ramsey Show. This is The Ramsey Show. This is The Ramsey Show. This is The Ramsey Show. This is The Ramsey Show. This is The Ramsey Show. This is The Ramsey Show. This is The Ramsey Show. talk about all sorts of things. The finances was always one of them. And like sacrifices we were going to make. And once you use that snowball, you start rolling the debt forward. It was crazy to see how much steam we could pick up and how excited we got. I remember in September, we paid off 8,000 worth of debt in just one month, which was double our pacing. And after that, we were like, all right, we're almost there. Three months to go. Just a home stretch. And you learn so much about each other as husband and wife. You kind of pick up on each other's ways of communication. You do good habits, bad habits. So which one of you is the spender? And which one is kind of like the saver? Or you both? I think we're both naturally savers. I have my season, though, where I like want a new pair of shoes or something like that. But yeah, I think we're both naturally savers. And then I do most of the shopping. So he doesn't have to stress about it. Like groceries and all that. So he kind of stays away from that. Yep. I'm smart. Well, you guys are. I feel like you've matured already as newlyweds, just going through this process and having two adults and going, oh, crap, we've got to pay the bills. And we have to pay this debt off. We can't keep relying on mom and dad or the White House or whoever to get us out of the mess we got. And in that level of personal responsibility, you mentioned you've created these habits now that will stick with you the rest of your life and carry you as you build wealth. Yeah, absolutely. It was really good to build that independency from parenting stuff and just kind of start off like our marriage strong. We did a premarital counseling with his godparents. And they helped us a lot with the financial stuff, too. So it was a little bit. Setting boundaries, too. Yeah. I think that's what she was leading into, which we would definitely want to encourage any newlyweds out there that are starting to navigate these conversations to have confidence. And I always start out with, we love and respect you, mom and dad. But we're taking charge. We're setting our boundaries for a reason. It's our money, and we're using it the way we see fit. And I've already had a tear if I was your parents going, ladies are great. Oh, man. I love that. That's a good point, George. In the moment, they were not happy about our decisions we made. But down the road, the respect has come back. And that's such a gratifying experience. I'm saying how proud they are. That is so great, guys. I'm so proud of you. And we've got our live and give a box for you. It's the next step in your journey. It includes a copy of Total Money Makeover. You can give that to somebody so that they can learn the same process that you did to get out of debt and change your life and build wealth. And it's got a couple of copy of Baby Steps Millionaires in there and a year of FPU. So make sure you take that home with you. But the next part is my favorite part, guys. All right. Get ready to count it down. We've got Keaton and Liz. And they have paid off $39,053.18 in 11 months, making $4,800 to $9,000. Go ahead and count it down, guys. Three, two, one. We're debt free. Woo! Oh, what a sweet couple. Yeah. I'm proud of them. I'm especially proud of Keaton with life. We just had to call our parents. Yeah, what it was, we had to put those boundaries in. And I don't know if it was their parents or Chick-fil-A that instilled just such wonderful, respectful manners. But that was my pleasure to share their story with everyone on air. I'm sure it was their pleasure as well, George. That is exciting. It just goes to prove time and time again that these steps work. It works. Maybe step two. It's not easy, George. You've got to put your head down. You've got to forget about all the voices out there telling you what you're doing is crazy. Why don't you spend your money like this? Do you really have to go so hard? But when you do it, you end up on the debt free stage. And they start changing their life in money. Oh, we can control our income. We're going to go from $4,800 a month to $9,000 working on our tails off. Yes, and all of a sudden, it takes 11 months instead of years. It's unbelievable. You have control, guys. You can do this. Whether you're 23 or 43, it's not too late for you. Debt freedom is available. You've got to reach out and grab it and do the hard work. That's right. I'm proud of them. You guys did a great job. This can be you too, America. All you have to do is submit to that plan. And you can be standing on this debt free screen, standing doing your debt free screen. All right. This is the Ramsey Show. It's worth the cost. Look, 25% of all U.S. consumers were impacted by ID theft in 2021. 25%. It's a digital society, people. Your personal data has likely already been part of the data breach. And devices are getting hacked everywhere every day. It doesn't matter what your age or income is, if you're single or married or whatever. Everyone is at risk. Even our kids. And the only plan I recommend is from Zander Insurance. Zander uses state of the art cyber tools to help reduce your risk and take over the work if you've become a victim. They also cover your bank accounts and kids are free on their family plan. There's no smarter, more affordable way to protect yourself, which is why I recommend them. Go to Zander.com or call 800-356-4280. MZ here with an opportunity update. In our quest to maintain and expand our commitment to live, local, valuable and helpful programming, we have Prime, 10,000 watt KSCO radio and podcast time slots available for shows on the following subjects. Pets, love and relationships, psychology, gardening, sports, travel, food, restaurants and chef profiles. Fun times and enjoying life in this most amazing part of the world we live in and more. If you find in one of these mentioned areas or know of someone who is such an expert, the opportunity to become a one or two hour weekly talk show host on KSCO is well worth considering. The rates include perks far too numerous to mention on the 60 second promo. If you want to take a shot at being a KSCO host, email me, MZ at KSCO.com. That's MZ at KSCO.com. Bill Graff here talking with Alexander Hagan from Etheric Networks. Alex, tell me about your crew. We have about 45 staff here in the Bay Area, Double E and RF Engineering. I have some top networking guys. We get support from our vendors. We've been doing this for 20 years. We consider ourselves as all too modest to be very strong on the technical side of the business. And we also like what we do. Just like I know you like what you do. We want our customers to be happy all the time. And so it depresses us if our customers are unhappy. You remember back in the big storms. We worked day and night to make sure that service kept running. How can folks get a hold of Etheric? I would suggest sending a mail to sales at Etheric.net. I mentioned the KSCO special. We'll give them 10% off on their first year on install, on equipment, on service. But we also have a website. And just look at Etheric Networks. And that has information with our phone number, our sales contact information, as well as direct interactivity with the website. Ed Robertson inviting you to join us for the next edition of TV Confidential. Sunday morning from 6 a.m. to 8 a.m. here on KSCO AM 1080 in Santa Cruz. And as always, we'll take you behind the scenes to your favorite TV shows and introduce you to some of the people who help create your favorite TV memories. That's TV Confidential every Sunday morning from 6 a.m. to 8 a.m. on AM 1080. KSCO. Listen and be heard. Pushes.com. You're listening to the Ramsey Show. We're taking your calls about your life and your money. You can give us a call today. The number is 888-825-5225. And it's a new year. Thank you, Lord. And that means, man, you can't be giving up on those goals that you set out to accomplish this year. And if your main goal is to build those money muscles, but you've only been to the money gym once, like everything else, man, it's time to make progress and stop making excuses. Now, I know it can be hard when you don't have a plan or you're starting out with $460,000 of debt like my husband Sam and I did. But if you want a practical, proven plan to climb out from under those piles of bills and start building wealth, grab yourself a copy of the total money makeover. Man, this book is literally the reason that I'm here today, guys. It's the reason I'm sitting in this seat. This is Dave's best-selling book for a reason. You'll learn the seven baby steps to guide you through your journey with real-life stories from people who don't have to struggle with money problems anymore because they followed the steps. And you can, too. Let's be real. With you paying off debt and building wealth, it's not just for those people out there, guys. Having financial peace is not just for the people on TV. It's for you. The people in this book did it. You can, too. So get back on that money treadmill and order your copy of the total money makeover today at ramsysolutions.com slash store. You got this. All right. Let's go to the phone lines here. We've got Sally from Columbus, Ohio. What's going on, Sally? Okay. I have a question. I'm in between vehicles, cars, and I've taken over. My mom has a fleet. So until she's settled in September for sharing her car. Okay. So I dropped my insurance when I got rid of my car. And so when I called the insurance company to drop it, they said, well, you can't. What are you driving? And then they had me do some type of insurance where I'd pay like $55. It changed because it was $43. Now it's $55. Now that she has full coverage, so do I share the insurance or do I not? You're saying now that you've switched over to your mom's car, your insurance has gone up because you're driving her vehicle essentially. No, they said I have to have, I have to carry sometimes insurance driving her vehicle, even though she carries full coverage. So my question is, do I carry it or do I drop it? Has your mom contacted her own insurance company? We had a bolt. I think she, she both had the same insurance company. Okay. And the car is listed under both of your names? It's her car. Well, like I said, it's a fleet. We live in the same home because she's, you know, we live together. I just don't know if I should keep the insurance. Are you living in the same household as her? Yeah. Okay. They should be – if you're in the same household and you're of legal driving age, you should be on the same insurance as her. So I would see if they can just add your name to her insurance. That's what we did. We borrowed my dad's car. We were not in the same household, but it was as simple as us adding our name to his policy while we were borrowing his car. Okay. Because I'm going to get one once her car is done with herself that's in his car, so I'll eventually get my own and then she won't have nothing. But then she has to drive mine. She should be on mine and drive my car. Yeah. If that's the case, if you're going to be sharing each other's cars, I would just have both of your names on each insurance to make sure you guys are protected. Hopefully that helps you out Sally. You want to make sure you have the best insurance and make sure just in case anything happens. All right. Let's take another call. Let's talk to Stephanie in Rochester. What's going on, Stephanie? Hi, guys. How are you today? We're doing good. How are you? Good. I have a question. So my husband and I are in the fortunate position where I say this is step number six. We own a property where he manages this business or have a mortgage on a property where he owns a business and then we have a mortgage on our house. And we're in the position where we can pay off one or the other. Which one do you guys recommend? What are the balances on the mortgage? Well, the mortgage on the business place is about 89 and some change and the mortgage on our house is about 95,000. And we have about 125 set aside. Oh, I love that. That's great. That's great. So you've got a pick of the letter here. Yes. And the only caveat with it is, is mortgage business we plan on putting a vision on at some point and we'll cash flow it. So I don't know if that changes which one you pay off first. Not really. You know, in this case, business debt, it gets rolled into the debt snowball as personal debt. So in this case, I would place that ahead of your household, your personal residence. And I kind of would have treated that business that like it was baby step two. So I would go back and use the money for that. Is this the only money that you have or do you have an additional three to six months saved? We have an additional three to six months saved. Okay. And it sounds like you could kind of we keep all the business money separate from our personal. This is just the money we have for the hundred twenty five is just the excess we've spent. We're at holding to be able to pay the loan payment off that it would have been at five years, but we'll be at three years February first. Yeah. I mean, I get the idea of keeping the money separate, but at the end of the day, I mean, it's your money and it's affecting your personal finance. So that's why I would have thrown it into baby step two. The good news is you've got the money to take care of that. And if you wanted to start jumping away at your personal residence, you can do that, too. How does that sound? That was perfect. Yeah, with 125 in there, you can knock out the business mortgage at 89. You still have 36 left. That throws your primary, which has 95 left. And that brings your total debt down to one primary residence with a mortgage at 59. What's your income? Well, it changed a little bit this year. The last year we were at like 225. Amazing. So you can knock out this mortgage within the year. Yeah. Either way, with the next year, they're all gone. Oh, yeah. By the time, I love the sound of that. I don't know about you, Stephanie, but that just made me extremely excited for you. How do you feel about it? I'm excited. We have three little kids, so I'm actually cutting back my hours to be present for the kids more. But this makes it easier. You have options. What's the payments on those mortgages? The one for the business is, I think, 2,500 a month. And then our personal mortgage, I think the base is 1,500, but we've been paying 2 to 2,500 every month. Wow. So you guys are about to get a $50,000 yearly raise because you freed up $4,000 a month, just like that. Wow. And that allows you to have those dollars. To cut back, work less, stay home, that's part of the plan that people forget about. It is. You have so much freedom and options when you just get out of debt completely and you have an incredible income like you guys do. That's exciting. Yes, Stephanie, I would love it if you sat down with your husband and you guys really think about what you're going to do with this new life. That is so exciting to me. I hope that you take this advice. Man, to be debt-free, George, by the end of the year of two mortgages or personal mortgage and a business, that's amazing. That's so exciting. And then they're going to be able to cash flow whatever they want to cash flow. They are. People forget about that. Run a vacation, vacation. That's got Asian in it. They're doing it. Asian? Come on, George. I'm going to point that. I'm going to put the little T of right next to that. Thank you. That is great. What an incredible couple. Oh, man. All right. George, you want to take another call here? Do we have time? It may be tight. You know, let's shoot the breeze a little bit. Okay. Well, I want to talk about this. People forget in that situation that we just talked about, the freedom that you get from paying off the debt they had, what is this, $125,000 sitting there, that they could have said, well, this is fishy. This feels nice. And we're making the payments. It's fine. But we want to do something different. We want to get free. And when you start looking at those numbers, it's just it's really something how your life can change. I don't think enough people take the time to really dream about what their life would look like with no payments. Well, the emotion side of it is hard to put on paper. And so you kind of get comfortable in your situation. You can afford your payments. You think this is what life is supposed to be. And yet we also see, you know, sky-high levels of anxiety and depression across the country. Oh, yeah. And that has been rising with debt. And so it's hard to not make a correlation and go, debt is causing us to feel this pain. Well, not all of it, but a large part of it is finances. When you get that freedom in your life, it's easier to have the margin to focus on other areas and focus on your physical health and your relationships because you have the margin to do it. That's right. That's right. I mean, we know that. That's what you said, George. Thirty-seven percent of Americans say that they're struggling with finance. We know that people are living paycheck to paycheck, but you don't need to do that. You can be free from your money. And we're here to help you do that. So, ladies and gentlemen, that does it for this week's episode, for this today's episode. And I want you to remember this. You can tell me that you won't do it. But please don't tell me that you can't do it because when it comes to your life and your money, all things are possible. I know. That's right. This is the Ramsey Show. Hey, it's George Campbell. If you like what you heard in this episode and want to know more about getting started on the Ramsey Baby Steps, go to ramsysolutions.com and click on the Get Started page. We'll help you figure out the best next step for you based on your specific situation. That's ramsysolutions.com and click Get Started. Hey, Dave Ramsey here. Happy New Year, you guys. Now, I know a lot of you are thinking about what you want out of 2023. And we're big fans of setting intentional goals around here. So if buying a home is one of your goals, make sure you commit to a budget and make a smart home ownership plan because that's not going to happen by accident. And be sure to make that plan with the people you can trust. For me, those are the fine folks at Churchill Mortgage. Their team will make sure you're in a mortgage that you won't regret. They'll take the time to listen and even lay out a plan that helps you get out of debt faster. The Churchill Mortgage team really knows their stuff, and that's why they're the only Ramsey-trusted mortgage provider out there. So go to ChurchillMortgage.com today to get started. That's ChurchillMortgage.com.