or advertisers. If something is said with which you disagree, please call us during the program in order to help us balance comments. This is Jim. Welcome to the show. Thank you. Thank you for taking the call. Sure. How can we help today? Well, I'm working for a semi-class. We have to invest $120,000 in cash. Well, I am retired in 20 GM for my first job. I've been working a second job full time now. And over the years, I've saved a lot of money. And I've got to operate at the microcrowds for money and so on, financially agree with the manager. But I have $120,000 in 10 cans for a connect to our bank money and money. Wow. I've kind of found out what I can do. We finally found a guy with 10 cans of money back there. Wow. Let's start with your address. Where exactly can we find some treasure hunts? Jim, you got money for Jim? I don't live in Austin, don't you? I'm not going to believe you, Jim. I totally am. I'm not going to your Jim's property. So you've done a great job saving. Do you have any debt? No, I don't know. I've told you that $120,000 in a month. And I've worked here for some probably minutes to probably look for an hour. And I do a lot of security jobs on the side. And I have been over to a really, really, really shorty part of my gift card. And I should be retired. And I should be so beautiful. Do you just like working? I do like working. I don't like working on a regular time. And can I take a card at six months? Good work. So I got to get up. Good for you. That's awesome. OK. How much money do you have? Do you have anything invested? Or is this all just sitting and checking accounts and saving accounts? Well, I have two bank accounts, two different banks. And then I have a credit union with some other debt of $2. So those cool accounts is a lot of money that you could just go use for the fact that that's the things. It's a lot. What's the total of all that money that's in the banks? About $125,000. OK. So you've got $125,000 in banks and $120,000 in cash. And you're willing to invest this. Well, I'm not going to give you the least. But I didn't cut a golden cash for the money that I can get by it. Well, even your money that's sitting in those banks, you could do way better in a high-yield savings account. You could be making 3% or 4% on that instead of 0% to 1.5%. OK. Well, that's $4,500 I need. And how would you go about to get to that point? Now, we'll tell you, I have a CD for the last one of you accounts for $65,000. So there's another $65,000 player. And then I believe in this. I think it's a $57 program. I'm not sure if you'll learn that. I hope that works with Johnny. Is that a different compensation? Oh, yeah. OK. And I have about $15,000 in the bank. So do you have any retirement options for your current employer? Yes. What are those options? The work and the job and the energy and the first job and the considerable amount of money under our social security. We have 66% of the money available for the social security player. How much? Do you have a 401k or anything for work? No. OK. It's the data line match for the county. It looks like TMR hits before, but I'll be tired of the other one. And I have to adjust the risk account for retirement. OK. Both of them are good retirement. So do you need the income created from these investments, or are you living off of the annuity in social security plus your current income? That's what I'm living off of. I don't really need to sell the money. OK. Have you ever just said that? OK. Even then, both of you, both of you, both of you, might have counts. I'm just going to accept that. So I would leave it now to have a fully funded emergency fund in that high yield savings account. And it sounds like you'd be more comfortable having more money than you would have if you were going to plan on making any big purchases in the next few years? No. OK. You got to pay a courthouse? Yes, sure. Right. So the first focus you want to look into is tax advantage accounts, meaning things that have some kind of tax implication that can help you avoid paying Uncle Sam his due. And so that would be things like a 401k or anything raw. So a raw fire rate. What's your household income? It's just maybe right now. So it's, let's say, 38, 38, 68. Probably around $90,000 to $100,000 a year. OK. Yeah. You've got options to make this a whole lot more for you than these bank accounts. And so beyond the raw, the lab starts on her social security. So we'll have her in. Woo! Hey, then. Yes. Well, you guys have done really well. I mean, I know Hertz will look back and go, man, for 12 years this money's been sitting here. It could have grown at 8%, 10%, 12%. And instead, it just couldn't be inflation. We're going to kick my sapper and we'll set a pair of her. Well, let's look to the future higher. It will be a comfortable honey to the glass and snap to get some kind of endorsements in there. Yeah. Well, I look for sure you need to connect with an investment professional who can walk you through all of your options and dig into all the details. And we've got some that we've had all over the country. We have some of the Austin, Texas area that can help you. You just jump on ransysolutions.com and click on Ransy Recommends. You can connect with a smart investor pro. And they'll walk you through, hey, Jim, here's all of your options that we could do with this money. They're not going to force you to do anything. You still call the shots. They're just going to educate you on what you could do and where to invest that money to help it grow. They're probably going to recommend things like mutual funds. These are groups that put hundreds and thousands of stocks to help your money grow with way less risk than just a single stock in one company. Okay. That's an example. There's index funds that you could also invest in, which are just tracking, you know, like the S&P 500, tracking the top 500 publicly traded companies and their growth. We're kind of all banking. That's what the economy is really based on when we look at the stock market, is that S&P 500. So there's a lot of options. And, you know, you still got time. How old are you? I'm six years old. I mean, Jim, we still got, you know, 30 years ahead of us here. So invest this money and let it grow. I hope so. You got kids? Yes, but they're all married and grown. And I've got three grandkids and one on the floor. I love that. Well, you know, we're on the Bible, a labor man, and it says a good man leads an inheritance to his children's children. So that's a great law for you to have. Well, I do have a public-related argument. And I don't think I would like accounts for the answer that would be great if you. Love it. Man, well, you're off to a great start. You've got some homework to do, Jim, which is let's research a good high-yield savings account. There's a ton out there. You can look at the markets by golden tax or outright. They don't have any affiliation with them. You just want to make sure they're FDIC insured, which means your money's covered just like a living with that credit union, and those for sure are. And then connect with us, one of us for growth. And get investing. Don't just leave us sitting on a checking account. It's my heart to hear you've got six figures that have been sitting out there for over a decade, man. But you've done really well. And being debt free really helps the situation. We love to hear that. So thanks for the call, Jim. More of your call is coming up on the Rain Z Show. It still amazes me that so many people go without ID theft protection. When I recommend something, it's based not only on the quality of that company and their product, but also on the people who really need it and if it's worth the cost. Look, 25% about U.S. concerfry were impacted by ID theft in 2021. 25%. It's a digital society, people. Your personal data has likely already been part of a data breach, and devices are getting hacked everywhere every day. It doesn't matter what your age or income is, if you're single or married or whatever, everyone is at risk, even our kids. And the only plan I recommend is from Zander Insurance. Zander uses state-of-the-art cyber tools to help reduce your risk and take over the work that you've become a victim. They also cover your bank accounts and kids are free on their family plan. There's no smarter, more affordable way to protect yourself, which is why I recommend them. Go to zander.com or call 800-356-4282. You've got a lot on your plate, a job, your home, your marriage, and your growing family. While you're enjoying the present, you can't help but think about your future and your finances. As you explore your options, consider Christian Healthcare Ministries, or CHM, for your healthcare. Their generous maternity programs and budget-friendly monthly programs have been a blessing to members welcoming children into their families. Call 833-JOIN-CHM or visit chministries.org slash ransy to see if it's right for you. With insurance plans changing and deductibles resetting, a lot of you might be looking at prior out-of-pocket costs in the new year. That's why I recommend SingleCare. SingleCare helps millions of people save home prescription medications with no membership fees for premiums. And it only takes a few seconds to check the SingleCare price before filling your next prescription. Download the free app or visit singlecare.com and start saving at the pharmacy today. Coast Paper and Supply is a local family-owned business for over 60 years and continues to be the one-stop local supply source for supplies needed for businesses large and small, school districts, special events, or for your home. They specialize in paper towels, torrid and facial tissue, retail packaging and supplies, janitorial and eco-friendly cleaning supplies, disposable food service items, and shipping boxes and supplies, discovered by many local businesses, schools, and people purchased from Coast Paper and Supply. Well, it's because of their excellent customer service with a smile. You can find Coast Paper and Supply at 151 Josephine Street in Santa Cruz, open weekdays 8 to 4.30, or you can give them a call at 831-423-3350. That's Coast Paper and Supply, a proud member of Big Local First. I'm George Campbell, joined by Jay DeWarsh on the dollar. This is the Ramsey Show. The number to call is 88825-5225. Joel joins us up next in Greenville, South Carolina. Joel, welcome to the Ramsey Show. Yeah, they just take my call. I don't really have a question. I really just wanted to see what I've been able to accomplish and what I've learned about my finding an African lab in the last years. So I've never really studied a credit card. My problem with the description, they're $5, $10 monthly or daily once a year type description. I figured out that if I was paying sometimes $T300 a month from those schools, because this would happen. They say $10 a month or $8 a month if you pay for a year. And then you forget about it, a year later in February, you're starting to get a bill for $100. And like, where did this come from? I wasn't planning for that. Absolutely. That's a tough one. So what was your solution? I've been on a year-long war against the Egyptians. I can't blame any of them that I can. And here's what happens. So if you have Netflix, you start thinking, you own those moves. You don't. You start paying to go away. So it's like you kind of feel like you're going to lose something. So I realize if you want to find out, go away. You find out the next week or so. So I've been canceling them as much as possible. Especially if the ones that lock you in because you feel like you can't own them. I'm like, I'm going to get an email, an email from your mom. And you're asking, I just did that. Joel, it's totally, I gave him my $2 so they stopped threatening me. I'm not going to get an email anymore. No, Joe, I had three cloud backup servers, three or four photo backup servers, two media subscription, five streaming servers. It was just a kind of heart-treating affair. However, I'm serious. I mean, I made 40. And, you know, it's like, several of them I had for years. And also, they're like the Amazon Prime. So I show that people with Prime subscriptions pay more on Amazon. The longer you have them, the more you pay on Amazon. And so, like, I've had that for like, 10 years. Well, then it's like ingrained in your life. It's like you're passing this down to your kids, your Amazon account. Yeah, depending on your photo backup, you depend on, you know, the music service, and they edge their way into every part of your life. I'm taking my balls into your fricutors. Absolutely. Well, I'm glad you fought back against it, Joel. And there's, you know, for the listeners out there, there's a lot of ways they can rally against this. Number one is just paying attention to the money. When you sign up for something, go ahead and add it as a line item in your budget. And inside of every budgeting tool, you can actually add a due date. And so you'll know exactly when that's going to come due, you know, exactly when it's going to happen, and you'll know to cancel. So I set calendar reminders all the time when I sign up for stuff. I'll set multiple calendar reminders for me to cancel it before, you know, the time comes due to pay. I don't look forward to seeing that. So that's very, okay, let's say there's a niche meeting about show-like stranger things or a lot of watch, and I'll find out from Netflix. I'll cancel it immediately, and it will last for that month. I'll still give you the rest of your 29-day trial. Yeah, and that way, if I'm living in Kenshore, I'm not letting it become avid and affronted. I'm not using it because there's so many companies out there that are banking on people, paying for the service, which we're getting about using it. That's so good. So, Joel, how much were you actually spending per month, like when you, at your height, at the height of this addiction, how much were you spending on subscriptions? You can count everything, including the Amazon Prime and all that. It probably got up to 150, 300, sometimes a little bit more than that. Yeah. Again, again, it was more than 50, 50, 50, the death of 1,000 paper cuts, right? Yeah, yeah. Because there's $10 here, about about $15 a month. All of this stuff, but again, those are great services if you use them. But, again, I've found it just to change so much, and we'll just address them with the annual one. Even if they're reminders, it never came at a convenient time, or, oh, you don't have $50 more just sitting around that I want to spend on that because what would be like, any of these videos or blogs about any website that will change your life, and even your business, those are all influencers paid for marketing commissions. That's why I needed to find out for those, and I'm in the tech industry. I work for a Microsoft partner. I love technology. It's like I'm a sucker for that tool that's going to make me more productive, make me a better notetaker, maybe a whole organized. It never does. You don't use the tools you have now, right? Like from asking you AI-powered things that would make you better, is that going to get you easier? Well, it's just like marketing. It always makes things, always more productive. I got to get the premium version now because it has this feature, and so that's a tough thing, Joel, that I think a lot of, especially with the newer generations, Gen Z, millennials, even Gen Xers, struggling with is this just digital clutter in our life that's keeping us broken. One of the things we did is, because some of them are slick, like Apple is slick, you just see the payment come out, it'll be like $8.99, but it doesn't say what it was. Oh, definitely. You never said what it was for. And the same thing with Amazon. The charge comes, and it's just $27.99. You don't know what it was for, so we really started getting intentional about labeling. As they came into our every dollar budget, we would label it and really track it towards where it was going, and then you really see, man, like, Amazon, it's not just subscriptions. Like, are you paying, is it for groceries? Is it for household goods? Is it just crap? You know what I mean? And I think that when you label it out and then you go through the Apple ones and you label them out, you're like, okay, this is, this one was Spotify. This one was, you know, the Workout app. You can really start to see where you're spending and where you're starting to overlap. And better than that, just setting a budget on, I am only going to spend, no matter what, I only have $75 to spend on subscriptions. And then, like you said, it's like, hey, I might have to cancel Paramount Plus this month. And I asked Ryan, I don't know if she's a new iCarly reboot, Jay. I'm watching Yellowstone, George. I don't know what you're watching. I'm trying to watch 1883 out here. Shower fire. She said, I'm not a part of the fans out there. Well, Joe, I'm glad you fought back against the system and saved yourself, you know, $150 a month. Way to go. That's great. Yeah, that's absolutely it. Just for one thing, it makes your finances, your budget, so much simpler, because you don't have many things with the Apple, Apple, Apple, or Google, Google, Google. It's kind of like, dude, you shut the power off your house, you try to get below, you need it if that's the thing that you never does. Same thing, it's like, you can't get close to stop. And that's why, again, it's taken me a full year because I've still been getting, and even like Saturday, I saw an ad for a streaming service, and I almost hit the buttons to subscribe to a video. I want to watch this show, but I don't have time for that stuff. Oh, yeah. Man, we have this before subscription, there's too much content out there already. And so I feel good. I get no greater joy than canceling a subscription than I was not using. I know, that's right. Can we just say, if you're in baby step two, you don't have time for these subscriptions because you're out here working. That's right. You don't have time to watch Netflix and Hulu and Paramount Plus and YouTube TV. If you have that much time, you are not working enough. And then still complaining that you can't get rid of the debt faster. Yes, no. So, yeah. Well, here's a fun little exercise for you. If you're an iPhone user, just go to your settings, click on your name at the top, and then click on your subscriptions. And it will show you a whole list of all your subscriptions, and you can just tap on it and cancel it. I like that feature. So there we go. I just figured I subscribe to the Stormwatch app, and I'm going to cancel right now in front of America for 99 cents a month. I was paying local because I got freaked out by a storm coming through. And so National Severe Weather, who I love on Twitter, was like, hey, you might want to get your own local app for this to really track it. It'll, you know, alarm the storm, tornadoes coming through by your house. You just think yourself $12 a year, George. And here's the life hack James will appreciate, our producer. There's a site called privacy.com. I have no affiliation with them. But you can create basically one-time use debit cards with limits and time limits and transaction limits that are connected to your debit card, but it won't keep charging your bank account. And so if you know you just want to pay for something once, just sign up for a free trial. This is a great way to never actually get dinged and fall for the stupid tax. So check it out. Privacy.com, I've been using it myself, enjoying it, and it's a fun time. So that's a fun call to remind us of the sneaky ways we are becoming broke as a nation. And it's from subscriptions, and they add up. And if you start to cancel those, you're going to give yourself a raise and a budget by $100, $150. And then you realize, I can live without this. And you sure can. My life is better because I have margin in my budget. Love it. Thanks for the call, Joel. This is the Ramsey Show. Thank you. Folks, we are wired to have deep, meaningful, and fun relationships, not that they bleed to our phones, swiping, and thumbs-downing everybody we disagree with. It's a new year, so why not focus on actual relationships with real people? That's why I created Questions for Humans. Check out the newest editions of our most popular decks, like couples, friends, and parents and kids. You'll spend time laughing and building deeper relationships. And while you're at it, learn the five steps to living a whole and connected life in my latest book, Own Your Path, Change Your Future. You'll unpack why the weight of your path is keeping you from being joyful and healthy. Remember, you are worth being well. Get the book in your favorite decks today at ramsysolutions.com slash store. That's ramsysolutions.com slash store. MZ here with an opportunity update. In our quest to maintain and expand our commitment to live, local, valuable, and helpful programming, we have Prime, 10,000-watt KSCO radio and podcast time slots available for sales on the following subjects. Pets, love and relationships, psychology, gardening, sports, travel, food, restaurants, chef profiles, fun times, and enjoying life in this most amazing part of the world we live in, and more. If you find in one of these mentioned areas or know of someone who is such an expert, the opportunity to become a one- or two-hour weekly talk show host on KSCO is well worth considering. The rates include perks far too numerous to mention on a 60-second program. If you want to take a shot at being a KSCO host, email me, mzatksco.com. That's mzatksco.com. Hi, I'm Danica Patrick. Watching my nieces grow, play, and learn is amazing, but not every child gets to be carefree. One in six kids in the U.S. are hungry. This breaks my heart, and it's something that Feeding America is working to change. Each year, the Feeding America Network of Food Banks rescues billions of pounds of good food that would have gone to waste and gives it to families and me to help visit feedingamerica.org. Routing you by Feeding America and the Ad Council. So, mind your nose, like you're on KSCO. Thank you. Hi, Mr. Ted. I'm E.V. E.S. at lorianarypene.com. Hi, registered partners. I've been a few weeks here. I've been studying healthy bodies for 35 years. I've got to tell you, the shock is surprising, but if you're listening up, it may change your life. Diabetes or prediabetes or disco- I've seen you at that blood sugar. Sugar-storing cells have tuned out instantly because we're counting our bodies for sugar and the fine carbohydrates. Cells just stop listening to insulin. The ultimate sign of insulin resistance is elevated blood sugar that doesn't go down. Blood sugar stays elevated. It can react with various proteins in the body, especially the protein albumin and the protein hemoglobin that ultimately brought up to the degenerative disease races. This is called insulin insensitivity or insulin resistance. By the way, insulin resistance is a problem not just because cells stop listening to insulin, but because insulin does other things. Insulin's a pro-hormone. It makes cells divide. So even though cells aren't listening to insulin's command to process sugar, other effects of insulin are still going on. For example, even though the insulin's effects on sugar processing are reduced or diminished, insulin's effects on dividing cells make the cells divide. That's not diminished at all. Elevated insulin, as insulin levels go up, your cells are starting to divide really fast. That means cysts. That means growths. Ultimately, insulin elevations are responsible for thyroid and cysts and growths. This ultimately means the emperor of abnormalities, cancer. The pharmacist's been here urging you to go to kscohawk.com to order Beyond Tangy Tangerine, the Healthy Start Back, and other nutritional supplements that I personally use and recommend. You can purchase these premium quality products at wholesale prices online at kscohawk.com. That's kscohawk.com. I'm a pharmacist that believes that staying healthy and strong is not only about medicine, it's about giving your body the blood materials it needs to do its work. Go to kscohawk.com. Make sure you check out the cool videos too at kscohawk.com. That's kscohawk.com. Welcome back to The Renzi Show. I'm George Kanell joined by Jay Borsha of The Sour. Our question of the day comes from Brent in Virginia. Here's what Brent is asking. What are your thoughts on high yield savings accounts? Are they regular bank savings accounts? If so, which ones do you recommend and do you have to file income tax on interest gained from them? These are great questions, Brent. They really are. I feel like that's a hot topic. I know I get you wouldn't believe how many messages I get weirdly like per week. What's a good high yield savings account? H-Y-S-A. And the reason is interest rates on those accounts have gone way up. Yes. Back in 2019, I think you could get 2% on these accounts and then it all went down. Yeah, you were getting half a percent. And then all of a sudden, the last year, it shot up. So now you can easily get 3% or more on a high yield savings account. And here's what it is. It is slightly different than a bank savings account. They're both going to be federally regulated, both going to be liquid savings accounts. High yield savings accounts usually just means these are online banks, and they have less overhead because they're not wrecking mortar stores. They have to staff who are unveiled, and so they can offer higher savings rates. There's a ton of them out there. I opted for the allied one. I mean, this is not to push them forward. I mean, these are all banks. When you're all on a next year, Ramsey, to any of these banks, these are just kind of personal preference. I know Rachel's an ally fan. I use one called Marcus. And the key is make sure they are federally regulated. So they're FDIC. That means they're insured up to $250,000 per person on the account. So that's one thing you want to look at. The other one is all the fees. Yeah, minimum balances and transfer it. And so you want to make sure you're finding one that has little to no fees, is easy to use, will transfer your money quickly from your savings account over to your checking account at your local bank or whatever you do your banking there. And the other thing to think about, which I think he mentioned here, is you are going to get like a 1099-INT for that interest. You know, I don't know how much you plan on stocking away, but yeah, you'll have to pay tax on the interest, right? Yes. And so you can log into your account and download that form. I just did that this week to bring to my tax appointment. And I mean, if you've got a lot of money in there, so if you're saving up for like a house down payment, yeah, you could have some serious gains on that. And if you look at a 4% on $100,000, for example, that's pretty serious over the course of a year. But, you know, it's okay. You add it to your taxable income and it's still worth it to have that money grow for you. We take calls all the time when people are just watching their money, not even being inflation, just sit there dying in a normal checking or savings account at the rate of $20,000, $30,000, $40,000. So I would rather have that money grow for you. Interest you pay is a penalty. So interest, in this case, is a good thing because it's a reward. So I highly recommend all of you, if you've got a bunch of money in savings, move it to a high yield savings account. It's a great place to store the majority of your emergency fund. If you want to keep a little bit in your local checking for those little ankle biters so you don't have to wait for it to transfer, that's fine. Mine has an ability to do wire transfers. So if you do need the money, you know, same day or next day, you can do wire transfers. Just watch out because your local bank may have a fee to accept that wire transfer. It's something to look out for. Very good. Great question. Only I am excited to talk about high yield savings accounts. It really just lets me out like a Christmas tree. I know. When we saw the question, I was like, George, this has got you written all over it. I love it. You got way too excited to put more down. The interest rates are back. It's a way more fun conversation. True that. True that. Because now I'm like, what are you doing? Jump on that, my friend. And also there's a lot of high yield savings accounts that are attached to some of these giants. I'm going to call them not scummy companies, but a lot of credit card type companies out there. Yeah. That's where you got to be careful. That's where I don't tell over that line. No. All banks are going to have debt products. It's the nature of the industry. But it doesn't mean you have to go to Discover and step into the lines then because that's basically a gateway drug for you to give them all your information so they can market to you all of these amazing offers. I agree. I agree. I don't think that I get any from mine, but they probably know better. They know better. They've got a couple over here with that. I'm sure from my doorstep, my know less. I love it. Well, Jay, in other news, eggs are all the rage among the youth. Mike, good news. Today's America. And that was like me making fun of it. But there's a hilarious article that we got sent. What is unbelievable. So the nationwide shortage and it's doing record price price has led Americans to seek alternative means to fulfill their appetite and their baking needs. You're never going to guess what this is. You can actually do, George, a rented chicken coop. Yes, your face is exactly right. They will bring me an actual chicken coop like the wire fence and everything. Yes. So that I can have it. Yes. Everything that comes with it. I mean, they will come. They will deliver it. They'll set it up. They'll help you set up these chicken coops. They come with a certain you know, you can decide how many chickens you want. So for instance, for this one, let's see, you can get two rented chickens. So you get two laying hens. You get eight to 14 eggs per week. A standard chicken coop, a food dish, a water dish and 100 pounds of chicken feet. Plus your quick guide for taking care of your rented chickens. Oh my goodness. And this is, oh my gosh, $485 a month. For six months. So over the six months you pay $485. This is what? That comes out to about 80 bucks a month. I don't think that math is math in, George. That math ain't math in, right? So here's the deal. If they're saying you're going to get eight to 14 eggs per week out of this, let's call it a dozen for easy numbers, right? Yeah. You're getting a dozen eggs per week for 80 bucks a month. That's $20 for a dozen of eggs. Yeah. Yeah, I told you it ain't math in. This is fun as like a, I guess if you get kids and they want to know what it's like to be, you know. Sure. And find the job and get closer to the food you're eating. That's a beautiful thing. Yeah. But as like a hack for inflation, this is the worst hack I've ever heard of. Do you kind of know what this reminds me of? It reminds me of when people are driving their car, right? They've got their car to drive along and the car breaks down and they're like, oh, I take it. I got to get it repaired. And they don't want to pay the bill to get it repaired. So they just get a new car. Oh, yes. That's kind of like this. I feel like it's, oh my gosh, chicken prices, you know, I don't want to pay the two to three dollars more. Let me just go buy a whole chicken and a whole crew. Makes sense. It doesn't make sense. They also have like in a leaf package, which is 1385. The old McDonald's, $1385. You get a fancier chicken group and you get 16 to 24 eggs. I don't even know. I just looked at my local, like there's a little grocery store nearby called Sprouts. Yes. Here in Franklin, Tennessee. And I just checked on their page how much eggs are going for. It was $339 for a dozen of eggs. It's really not that serious, George. I even looked at like what are the really bougie, expensive, you know, the chickens had a great life. They saw the sunshine. They took them to Disney World. They laughed. They cried. Even those eggs were $899. You know what? I think it depends on where you go because I know in some states it's like super high. You know who always comes at us as Canadians? Those that grow on chicken. And here in the back, eggs are $19 for a, and I'm like listen, I can't speak to Canada. You're all doing things differently out there. You got poutine. Your pizzas are out of whack. You got poutine, George. I'm not coming after poutine. I'm just saying they do things differently. Well, here's what I want to get to. I feel like in the economy things happen and we just go to extremes. Like remember in like 2008 gas prices were crazy and everybody started buying smart cars. Oh, yeah. Like those ridiculous teeny tiny cars that's like this is the solution to our problems. A terrible idea. Or people just like freak out and start buying a bunch of gold. And I'm like now the eggs are expensive. Let's just, we're buying $200. We're buying chicken wire. We're buying whole chickens, whole coops. This is a symptom of something deeper. If you're really frantic, right, if you're really freaking out about this, if this egg shortage is, and if the price increase, if it's breaking your bank, there's something further beneath the surface there that needs to be. Yes. Well, here's a thing. You're complaining about egg prices going up, no, 50, 60%. Okay. That amounts to $3 for a dozen of eggs. Yeah. That's max a month. But then you're okay sending a lender 500 bucks for that car payment. Yeah. You're okay sending salary make 400 bucks over here for your student loan payment. There's a real problem. It's your debt. It's not the eggs, folks. I never thought I'd have to say that sentence out loud. Yeah. It's your debt. We will survive the bird flu egg shortage of 2023. And you can become debt free and create margin in your budget. And then you're not really all that concerned about egg prices. You just adjust the budget and move on. What's your life? Sorry. We have to explain that to you guys. Oh, George. Here we go. Here's my dad joke for the day. This is the range you show. In a recent survey, more than half of our listeners told us they don't have a will. And that's why I recommend DreamCloud Mattresses. And right now you can get 25% off any mattress plus $599 in accessories and an additional $50 cash discount for promo code John Deloney. One word. So go to dreamcloudsleep.com and enter promo code John Deloney. Hi Dave Ramsey. This is MZ, the owner of KSCO Radio here. It's an important message for me. We knew that the Ramsey show was a very popular show nation-wide given the fact that 60 Minutes ran a segment on Dave Ramsey several years ago. So it made sense to try running this very successful practical non-political show live on KSCO for 12 noon to 2 p.m. weekdays. That said, we want you to know that if you own a local business or know someone who owns a local business, the Ramsey show offers a very attractive and reasonable cost advertising opportunity to grow the business. We're talking rates as low as $175 per week for everyday exposure on this very popular non-controversial radio program. We have plenty of other attractive advertising opportunities that I would love to share with anyone who owns a business and would like to grow it with KSCO. Email me for the complete login. MZ at KSCO.com. That's MZ at KSCO.com. And for the win. Okay, let's see. Oh, a popular vacation destination in southern Italy. Quileke. It's a... Oh, sorry. Contestant number two. It's up to you. Oh, absolutely. A common name for the endangered East African gweaver bird. Quileke. Oh, contestant number three. Quileke. Well, of course. Leaning for gardening and landscape services in Santa Cruz County. Hi, I'm Randy Quileke, owner of Quileke Gardening and Landscaping. It's true, Quileke may be a little hard to pronounce, but it's been a trusted name in the landscape industry since 1982. Call me at 425-5269. I'd love to personally show you some beautiful gardens and landscapes we've created and maintained and just what we can do for you. And remember, it's Quileche. Be named to know for gardening and landscaping services in Santa Cruz County. 425-5269 or at Quilechegardening.com. When you need help managing your estate, call on the angel. Hello, I am attorney Angel Fess, and I am ready to help. Whether you need a will or a trust, a guardianship or a conservatorship, or if you are managing the financial affairs of a loved one, I will help you with over seven years experience working in estate planning and probate fields. When you need help, call on the angel. Attorney Angel L. Hess at santacruislegal.net. Not amps. This is the Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell, joined by Jay Borch on this hour. Hey, if you're a homeschool parent out there, you've already got a lot in your front, being both a parent and a teacher. But you don't have to add money expert to that list to teach your teens how to win when it comes to money. We've got a brand new Foundations in Personal Finance homeschool curriculum where our personalities teach this complex money stuff for you. They'll cover real life skills like how to budget, save, and best for the future. And your kids will learn everything you wish you learned about money when you were their age. Plus, the curriculum comes with everything you need to make your life as a parent and teacher so much easier. You're going to get lesson plans, activities, transcripts, everything's already created for you so you can focus on raising teens who are confident about money and prepared for what it really is. So if you want to check this out, Foundations in Personal Finance Homeschool curriculum, just go to ransysolutions.com slash homeschool to learn more about ransysolutions.com slash homeschool. Good stuff there. All right. Let's go to the phones. Kelly is in Brookfield, Ohio. Kelly, welcome to the show. Hi, George. Hi, Paige. Thank you for taking my call. How can we help you? We have the Randy show. So I'm calling basically about my boyfriend. And he has done a great job of saving and has made huge changes. And I'm going to tell you about them. And I believe that he can be free this year. He's been feeding him now. And he wants your opinion on what could be with money. And I want to see if that's just what I'd say to him. This is a fun game. Okay. There's what's in the facts. Okay. So right now, actually, he has made huge changes. He even bought another vehicle for Kathy that was 16.5. And he has achieved that he's going to be getting rid of. So it's amazing. So right now, in the bank, after he bought this truck, he has $66,899. Okay. And he has consumers, which is his age of student loan and contractor, that is $45,060. And when we were talking about this, I said, I felt that he should go ahead and pay off all of that. And he's like, well, I don't want to pay my fee off because I want to sell it. And I'm going to be selling it best for you. And that's where I feel like maybe you guys could help with that. And also, he has a student loan that has like $10,000 left on it. And I'm like, he thinks he's like going to get, or he's hoping for like this forgiveness. And I'm like, okay. So Kelly, Kelly, Kelly. There's some issues here. Okay. So he has the money. He could pay this all off today and still be left with $21,000 in the bank. Yes. And that's actually more than his monthly expense. Like his emergency fund, I think, should be about $10,000. Yeah. He'll be just fine, but he wants to hang on to this debt. So does he understand that when he says the car, he has to pay off loan anyways? Well, he'll pay that again, I'm sorry? When he says the car, he has to pay the loan to get the clean title. Yeah, he would. But he's thinking he's just going to pay off like when somebody pays him. Because he thinks, I'm pretty sure he has about $10,000 to $15,000 equity in his fee. What happens when the used car market keeps on dipping and all of a sudden he's under water? Well, he continues to make these payments on a vehicle he's not even using. Yeah, like he, I don't know. That's why I'm like, just fucking need to act about it. How would I know where is he at? Well, you're saying you want to see if his advice matches ours. My advice is obviously to pay this all off today, be done with it for yourself and those payments, and the stress related to all this debt. Move on where you're at. It's the simplest solution of all time. He's got the money sitting there with money left over. How long have you guys been dating? Before like 18 months. And he honestly has made huge changes. Like he doesn't get coffee every day. We, like we don't go off eating your own money. Like we, like you're influencing him towards a positive direction financially. Yes, yes, absolutely. And I feel like he should just go ahead and follow the steps. But it's like he wants to not let that look like savings. And he says, he's like, I've never had that little bit of savings ever. And I'm like, it looks like after he pays those payments off and all that's gone, look how good he is. Well, he has the illusion that he has $66,000. Really, he doesn't because he owes people a whole bunch of money. Is he interested in Financial Peace University? Honestly, I'm a coordinator and I've had him re-watch it. He's watched all the lessons and he still wants to hang on to the debt. I feel like it was just him and I having this, watching the videos. And maybe it wasn't super impactful at the beginning because maybe he didn't feel like it was as important. And then you go back to it again. When do you guys go through it? I actually just a couple of months ago. Oh boy, it did not stick. So, I just have to ask, are you kind of trying to, you're trying to see this guy marriage material and you guys can get on the same page of money and you're really trying to see and I hope I can get him. I hope you get him too. But, you know, I think the thing is, he's just, he needs a very good living and our incomes are not combined. I'm just saying, I think that you could literally have your house even paid off by the end of the year. Yeah. I don't think he needs that stuff. We have a real division for his future. He's hoping the government's going to take care of him based on what you told us. We agree with you, Kelly, but your guy, he's got a whole different methodology in his mind. And I think it's admirable that you're trying to show him this, that you're giving him information and that you're teaching. You don't want to get a horse to water, but you can't make him drink. And you can just keep setting that bull out there for him and maybe eventually he will, but you need to set yourself a time limit and then you might need to sell the horse. I know he's right. He ain't going to drink. But you're selling it. Very controversial, guys. We actually have another meeting set up with an investor, which we iconcasted, we're going to talk with them because he runs the Kids Talk Service. It's the case for retirement. And I said, okay, then you have your emergency fund already in place. Now you need to start putting your full 16%. Because he right now is only doing three and he has to do that. He needs to be doing zero until his debt is paid off. Yeah. Kelly, you're right. You're chasing the flyer. You're chasing the flyer here. You're simulating the deal with him. Add up all of his payments plus interest. He said, hey, what if you invested that over the next 30 years? And just show him what that number would turn into. Okay. Okay. Because that'll put his money where his mouth is. If he's saying I really want to invest in the future, imagine a life without payments and repurposing that money. Instead of throwing it to lenders, he throws it to his future. And if he still doesn't care, then he's lying. He doesn't care about his future. Or he just wants to do it his way, which we have. He does the wrong way. I know. And I have to say, he has done really well for himself, even though... You can out-own your security. How many people do it? Yeah. You can keep making money. And you know what? He can still have a fine life. But right now, your values are misaligned. And it's a red flag for sure. I'm not saying that it won't work out with this guy. I hope it does. He sounds like a great guy. We're not here to bash him. He's very normal. And you have decided to be weird. And it's hard for those two to be compatible. We need to have two weird people if this thing's going to work. Mm-hmm. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. If I'm you, Kelly, I'm taking this advice. I'm going to give it a couple more... Give the old college try and keep trying to feed him, like George said. Like, do the math. Like, sit down and look at this thing. But then give yourself a time looking and go, if my guy does it... If it seems like we're not aligned on this area, start digging deeper and see if there's... You know, see if it's worth you going for with this, because this is something that is going to be critical if you guys go forward with getting it done. With getting engaged and even on to marriage. And dig in and ask him, hey, why are you hanging on to this? And if he goes, well, the student loan... Show him the staff from the student loan forgiveness. It's please show him how weak it is in Congress trying to get this thing through and how little chance it is of him getting his student loan debt cleared completely. It's not going to happen. And so you can go back through FPU. You have access to it still. So I go back through it with him and say, I'm going to give this one more college try, buddy. I really want to make this work, but I need you to show me that you really care about our future and what a place to live. So thank you for the call, Kelly. It was a fun one. And thank you all for listening to this show, America. It puts this hour of the rain to show the books. My thanks to Jake Rorschau and all the folks in the booth. We'll be back real soon. Hey, what's up, guys? It's Jay. If you love the show and want a deeper dive on your money journey, we have a weekly newsletter that gives you trending and helpful articles and tips on following the Ramsey way. Just go to ramsysolutions.com today to sign up for our newsletter. Again, that's ramsysolutions.com to sign up for our weekly newsletter. Hey, Dave Ramsey here. Happy New Year, you guys. Now I know a lot of you are thinking about what you want out of 2023. And we're big fans of setting intentional goals around here. So if finding a home is one of your goals, make sure you commit to a budget and make a smart, full ownership plan, because that's not going to happen by accident. And be sure to make that plan with the people you can trust. For me, those are the fine folks at Churchill Mortgage. Their team will make sure you're in a mortgage that you won't regret. They'll take the time to listen and even lay out a plan that helps you get out of debt faster. The Churchill Mortgage team really knows their stuff. And that's why they're the only Ramsey trusted mortgage provider out there. So go to Churchill Mortgage.com today to get started. That's Churchill Mortgage.com. This is a paid advertisement, NMLS-IV159-1, NMLS-consumer-Access.org. People housing record, 1749. Malory Lane, Suite 100. Redwood, Tennessee, 37. KSCO, San Francisco.