If something is said with which you disagree, please call us during the program in order to help us balance... ...and we will sit next to you and figure out what the next right thing to do is. Give us a shout. 88825 5225 Let's go up to Mike in beautiful San Diego, California. What's up, Mike? How we doing? There you go. Thanks for taking that call. You got it, man. What's up? So, I'm just wondering, how many of you have been in my life where I just, I don't know what to do anymore... ...and I'm just really struck by that. And the 12th game, I was just, I was intrigued by that. I was kind of a tunnel in the morning. Tell me about Memphis, the other construction business. And it does... Okay, I mean, I was just open up to creative bills. But I'm just, I don't even feel motivated to be there. I'm just not at what I want to do. Where does the loss come from? Because what you're describing is just from where you're describing this. You got a wife, you got kids? I have a bill grant, and we have one kid together that I just identified as divorced from three years ago. And that was...it's done mentally and financially. Was that where it started? This idea that no matter what you do, this is just kind of confused with the system. How did you pick that up in your kid? Where's that come from? Somebody gave you that story that crappy things happen. This is the way this is...and maybe you can go to a couple of ballgames and a couple of concerts, and your kid will be a good soccer star in elementary school. That's kind of how the joys begin. Who told you? Well, I'm not sure. I'm good. I don't know. I knew that I'm trying to find what's near perfect in place to go. So, what do you want to do? If you can snap the thing over right now, what do you want to do? I love what I do in business life. I work. I love the construction business. What do you love about it? I love that. I love building, creating, just everything about it. Do you like working with customers? Do you like planning and sitting with architects? Or do you like getting the crew of guys together and trying to solve the problem? Or do you like picking up the shuffle and just getting after yourself? What do you like about it? More like the management side of getting things together. Labor side of it, I'm doing all the labor and all that, but I'm more good at putting everything together and getting everything done. What about your kid? Tell me about your kid. He was two years old. What's his name? My father. Is he fun? Is he a mess? Is he all over the place? Probably not. He really acted. He acted as what exhausted fathers say so they can remind himself of his time. It's very active. So, Mike, outside of your career and obviously you've got your personal life at home, if you could snap your fingers a year from now, what shape would transform your life before you wake up and you're excited? What's keeping you up at night right now that we can help with? Is it money? Are you not happy with that relationship? Well, that's the notice. I think that's my biggest stress right now. Because I make it after saying I'm trying to... How much debt are you giving a hard day? $20,000. $20,000? And that's credit card debt and personal loans? No credit card. It's personal. It's mostly a two-praying payment. Why are you borrowing money from friends and family? I ran it. Well, my business was bad for a while and I was just trying to make anything into it. What's your income? I give my friend $5,000. Okay. Is your girlfriend working? Are you guys splitting bills? How is this working? No, my girlfriend, she goes there at home on a physical moment. Okay. So, you're the sole provider right now? Yeah. You got a mortgage? No, your mortgage on anything. How much is your rent? $8,000. That's a lot of rent for your income. Yeah. Could you guys downsize? Could you move on San Diego? Yeah, yeah. I've tried looking at something cheaper but I've been just... No. The other option is we've got to get the income. And we're going to choose to live in San Diego. And so that becomes the next piece of the puzzle. You're running this business? Yeah. But you're also... Are you the sole employer or do you have people working for you? No, I'm just the sole employee. Okay. So, to scale, how do we get this thing to where you're making hundredth rent? Well, look. I've been applying with construction companies as project managers. And I get emails saying that my application and resume pays a lot of attention, but I have not gotten interviews. And I applied to over 30 places. Thank you. So, dude, let that tell you a story. That you want to be a project manager at a construction company, you know how to do that. And 30 different companies have said, we don't think you're quite there. Awesome. Go to the next room right below that and go in there as a head of projects or a head of something or a head of the construction. Whatever part of the structure you're really good at. Foreign congress, doing landscape, whatever you're good at. And get your foot in the... You're absorbing every rejection as a statement about my department. Not just somebody saying, no, I don't think that's the right job for you. Or I got somebody else in line for this. Or everybody in California is trying to find work and so we've got you. At some point, it becomes like, you've got some skill. I'm taking view right now. Me and George can't do what you do. Like, if we can't just run our mouths on the radio, we're in a mess. You can build a thing. You can fix a thing. Does that make sense? Yeah. I want to see a couple of things. I want you to call BetterHelp.com today. BetterHelp.com slash, and it's going to give you a discount. I want you to go talk to a counselor. I think you struggled with depression and getting calls today. The second thing is, we're going to send you Ken Coleman's get clear assessment and proximity principle. Teach you to get close to some of these guys. I want you to read it. And I'm going to send you F.B.U., Financial Peace University. But you and your girlfriend have to go through these classes. Stop playing house. Get near. Start settling into this thing. And, dude, the light will come on. You will be there. We got you. This is the Ram to Check. It continues to amaze me how ID thieves keep expanding their ways to steal from us. Not only do they commit crimes related to financial fraud, medical ID theft, IRS scams, and social security fraud, but now we have to deal with the home title fraud. Thieves are using your personal information to take out loans, and you end up with a pile of debt and foreclosure notices. Think it couldn't happen to you? 2019 was the worst year on record for data breaches, so thieves have plenty of identities to use. And since our information never changes, the risk never goes away. That's why Zander Insurance is the only program I've ever recommended. Their plan covers all types of ID theft, including home title fraud. And it includes monitoring alerts and takes over the work if you become a victim. They also cover your children for free on their family plan. Visit Zander.com or call 800-356-4282. You're struggling with healthcare costs, so they can feel crushing, but you don't have to carry the loan. Christian Healthcare Ministries is a faith-based, health-cause-sharing ministry that offers budget and support for medical costs. With Christian Healthcare Ministries, you don't have to live in fear of the next injury or illness, and you can help others have the same piece of mind. Go to chministries.org slash budget to learn more today. That's chministries.org slash budget. If you haven't invested in your home's security, make 2023 the year you do. And remember, SimpliSafe is the best deal out there with their advanced sensors and cameras. SimpliSafe helps protect your whole home against expensive burglaries, floods, fires, and more. Order your system at simplisafedirect.com today to claim a free indoor security camera plus 20% off your entire quarter with interactive monitoring. There's no safe, like SimpliSafe. Hi, I'm Randy Quilche, owner of Quilche Garden and Landscaping. If anyone knows us a jungle out there, it's us. We've been off in complete maintenance and landscape installation for residential and commercial properties since 1982. It's easy to let things get overgrown and out of hand, and keep putting off adding that special water feature you've wanted for so long. Let us help by came in and shaping your landscape into something you'll be proud of. Call me at 425-5269 or visit us at quilchegarden.com. We're let you gov'n in landscape because without them, it really is a jungle out there. You can get almost anything on the internet except personal service. Hello, I'm Scott Bedell with Bedell Nelson Harbor Insurance, your allied agent in Santa Cruz. When you call Bedell Nelson Harbor, a real person will answer the phone. A real person will help you save money by packaging your home and auto insurance with Ally. We can even help you save on your vacation rental with the Foremost Insurance Group. Give us a call at 426-3700 and ask a real person for a free no obligation quote. We are the real people of Bedell Nelson Harbor Insurance, and we can save you money because allied and nationwide are on your side. At Coast to Coast AM, we keep our friends close. Hi, I'm George Norrie from Coast to Coast AM coming to a universe near you tonight with this KSCO is one of my favorite stations. It's all about being independent, so wait for our next program right here on Coast to Coast AM. Work drive for the mind. It's the best in overnight talk radio. And remember to lock the door too when Coast to Coast AM is on. Coast to Coast AM. This is the Ramsey Show, AAA-8255-225. Hey listen, please. It's a huge help. It's a help to us. It's a help to us. But more importantly, when you subscribe, when you hit the subscribe button, when you share, when you like, fit in the videos, when you put in your 5-star reviews, it changes the algorithms. And it actually puts the life-changing advice and wisdom in other people's feeds and more people's feeds. And so it's a way to spread life change, then cost you a penny. That's a way to help other people, your neighbors that you might not even know, that you'll never meet. By simply subscribing, hitting the like button and the 5-star reviews. So thank you so much for those of you all who have done that. Please continue to hit the subscribe button and share with a friend. Alright, today's question of the day. Let's get to it. It comes from Rick in New Mexico. He says, We're in our early 30s, make $120,000 a year in our financially stable. We want to buy a house, but with high prices and interest, our mortgage would be roughly $2,200 a month. We could afford the payments, but that's less we are able to save. My parents own several rentals, are financially stable, and want to buy us a house, so we would just pay them rent $1,400 a month instead of us buying a house. They said once we pay it off with no interest, they will put my name on the house. But the problem is, my father can be controlling, and historically, after doing something nice, he has been known to throw it back in my face down the road if he doesn't get his way. Or if we do something, he doesn't agree with us. Should we take my parents' help, or do it on our own? Rick, you know this. Russian, you and your wife need to ask yourself, what's the price of your marriage, and what's the price of your soul? And what's the price of that Thanksgiving dinner when your dad looks across the table and says, Why didn't you do this? And he said, Well, Dad, I was... And he goes, I bought you a house. What's that all for? What's that for? Because the number you laid out for me, it's not worth that. It is not worth that. You make too much money, you're doing too well, for you to subject yourself to somebody else fooling you around just because there's some money attached to it. I'm not doing the strings attached deal. He's already painting the picture of what his life is going to be like if he does this deal. And so I think you just need to say, Hey, thanks so much for the offer. We're going to go our own way and buy our own house, but we appreciate you guys. And you guys make plenty of money. Make $120,000 a year. $2,200 sounds like a very reasonable mortgage payment. And if you feel like it's too high, or for some reason we're not getting all the details here, you can do something called waiting. And you keep saving until you have more down payment to lower that mortgage payment. So do it when you are ready, but don't be bullied into it. Don't be pressured into it. And because that is the worst thing you can do financially. And let me say this, Rick, and everybody listening. It's often that I hear situations like this where mom and dad want to help. There's these subtle strings or really significant strings and all that attached to it. I'm going to give you this, but you've got to do this. And if you ever do that, I'm going to do it. I don't want that lying. And then we turn around and feel pressured on the advice side. Why don't you all buy a house? Why don't you all buy a house? Why don't you rent these wasted money? Just throw the money away. Throw it away. Throw it away. And so if you're not going to take the deal because you don't trust the character that the people call you, a gift won't be a gift. A gift is just another way to put books and strings. Don't also fall prey to their advice and wisdom about how dumb you are with your money. You and your wife sit down and say, what kind of life do we want to pay for ourselves? And can we create that life? Are we going to do it to make that thing happen? It might mean like, it's going to take two years before we buy a house. Cool. We don't want it to. We get a $4 to $22 a month payment. We don't want that. We don't ever want a payment more than $17.50. Cool. That's the other side. Rock and roll. We're going to rent a little bit longer and save up a little bit more. Pick a few more shifts or whatever that looks like. But don't take wisdom from people that are not trusted. And the other danger of this is you guys pay $1400 a month for 10 years and all of a sudden he decides, you know what? I'm actually going to use this as a rental property because we need the money in retirement. And all of a sudden you've been putting money into this thing that you don't actually own. And so that's super risky. I would not take this before a little junior decides he's going to play soccer instead of baseball. My boys are playing baseball. I'm taking with a...you don't really...a baseball thing. You don't trust this guy yet. No deal. No deal. No deal. I keep renting in your marriage in Seoul. Let's go to Jason in Columbia. What's up Jason? Hey, how you guys doing? I'm glad you talked to me about it. Good morning dude. You too. What's up? Um, so I have two friends. Well I guess you have a two-part question. But so my wife and I have a vehicle right now that looks like a 2020 and we owe about $11,000 on it. And we wanted to get rid of it to eliminate a payment. I just started the interview about a week ago so I'm trying to get everything in order. So the problem that I'm running into is if we sell our vehicle to free up a payment that means that for what I would like to do, which is get a truck or an SUV because with that I would be able to do some side jobs with woodworking. But I would get a vehicle that has super hot mileage and it almost doesn't make sense to do it so I'm not sure what I should do in that situation. What kind of woodwork? Just building projects, building furniture for just individuals. Nothing to sell the companies or anything like that so it would just be side work. How often do you do this work? As often as I go I always spend nights and you can buy in fact there is kind of a hobby of mine, something that I really wanted to do so it doesn't really feel like work so I could just focus on it as much as we kind of had. Well here's what I'm asking. I see driving around my neighborhood all the time. Pick up trucks with like Home Depot stand up or something or U-Haul stand up and it says $19 one day run. And is that ideal? No. It works. It still works. But it's also not a truck. It's also not a trap where you're going to buy a truck with super hot mileage that's going to fall apart. And for right now trucks are still, I'm trying to buy a truck myself, they're so expensive. The usual is 200,000 miles are expensive. How much debt do you have? I'm going to float it. Right. So I'm about $50,000 in debt. I'm very far from loans. No student loans. Okay, what can you sell to parkland? Probably around $20,000, $21,000. Okay, so you'd have $10,000 left over to get something. Right. And so that becomes a part of the whole thing, you get creative and you can, I mean if it's truly for hobbies, you can get the dumpiest, oldest pickup truck out there. Teaching you to haul some wood. Right? Right, but I also have my wife and a two year old and I have, which is kind of my last new burn, but I would like, you know, I have a hundred pound dog that is a future lead out to my life and I would like to be able to take her with us on some trip so that's kind of one reason why I want to do that. Could you get a minivan? An old minivan? Sure, if it makes sense if it would have been like 170, 180,000 miles. That's why I run into the problem, if I do get rid of a car with such wide miles, it's going to warrant you with no problems. You tell it to get a bunker, I don't know if it's smart for children or not. Here's a thought as far as decision is, you get no business going on vacation for the next two years probably. Yeah, I'm not going on vacation. I'm saying the idea is we are locking this up again two years because we're in a hole. Gotcha. Right? It's you're trying to keep your lifestyle consistent and these things that you want to do, you want to have fun, you want to get that. You want to do these things and at the same time pay off a $2000 debt and have a side hustle and you're doing everything all at the same time. And I don't think you fully absorb the amount of sacrifice that the next two years of your life is going to be to get 50 grand paid off. What's your household income? About $100,000. Okay, so we could get rid of this debt in about a year with some side hustles? Well, I'm not going to pass it. I got to add a new debt, but from what I've figured out, I thought it was going to take about 24 months, but I don't know, maybe. And that was without side hustle. I mean, this is, we're covering our four walls, food, utilities, housing, transportation. Every other dollar, we're going to try to allocate towards that debt outside of our bills we have to pay for. We're not eating out. We're not going on vacation, like John said. And so the question is, how do I come up with four grand I can throw at this debt every single month? And I want to Uber? Great. I mean, I want to do woodworking. Awesome. This isn't the season for that. The investment in that is going to cost me 10 grand in a truck plus some tools plus some, I'm going to start to Uber. I'm going to start mowing yards down the street. I'm going to keep that dream alive down the road for the next two years. I got the houses on fire. I got the fire out. So I'm going to do other work that I don't want to do, but I'm going to scratch the clock with the sucker done. You knock it out in one year, dude, that's game-changing. Now we can get a truck and have some mob. You can get a real truck, and it's not going to fall apart, and you can take your family on the trips. Great. 888255225, this is the Ramsey Show. We'll be right back. With up to 10% off the cost of moving and storage, pods is the choice for military families because they know snappoos happen, and military spouses are often left to figure out moves when their spouses are reassigned. So if plans change, you can extend your rental and keep your container in your driveway or at a pods storage center. And now that the military has increased its personal procured move entitlements, you could end up keeping some of that money in your pocket by working with pods. Over a full service moving company. For all details on how military families can save up to 10% off the cost of moving and storage, visit pods.com. That's pods.com. Thank you. Thank you. Who needs a mobile notary public? If you're an individual having mug papers drawn up or are a loan officer, a bank or title company, and you need a document legally notarized, Cammie Corbin is here for you. As a long time local, Cammie is a trusted professional with over 30 years of experience in the law field. Now a bonded mobile notary signing agent, Cammie can help you with all your notary needs. Cammiecc at ksco.com or directly at Corbin's legal services 408-406-4137. If you think things couldn't get any worse, think again. We're all now in completely uncharted territory. All of us in the entire COVID-19 scenario to colder climate engineering operations in our skies to unfolding ecological collapse around the world. Converging catastrophes are closing in from countless directions. What cards will the controllers play next? Tune in to the commercial free non-political global news hour, Saturday mornings at 8am and replay again 6pm Saturday on ksco 1080am. This is Dane Wieckleton from GeoTreeWatch.com. If you have a home, you have problems, but in your neighborhood you've got an ace in the hole. Hello Charlie Freakin here with good news for all of you out there at Corbin's garage door that needs painting, a gate that needs a hanger, a leaking seal on the challenge list. The good news is you can find the solution problem at every home and garden problem at your neighborhood ace hardware store. That's right, you don't need to go to that big box store because you can find neighborhood ace hardware stores in Freedom, Marina, Gilroy, Salinas, and at two locations in Watsonville. These ace hardware stores are locally owned by my friends Manuel and Carlos Rodriguez. They're almost always on hand to make certain you find the solution to your problem. When you have a problem, enter your neighborhood ace hardware store. You'll be met at the door and taken straight to the solution to your problem, and you'll be on your way soon with the solution of the bag and a smile on your face. Now at all these locations, pick up your longevity tangy tangerine and healthy body start packs at a great price. Ace is the place. Your ace is the place. Hi, I'm Richard Farnes, and I've been studying healthy bodies for 35 years. I can tell you they're shocked and surprised you, but if you listen up, it can change your life. Bacteria are everywhere. They may be invisible in time, but they make up for their nanoscopic size by thriving in the most unlikely of places, including alongside the cells on the skin and in the mouths and digestive tracts of human beings. As our lifelong companions, our ubiquitous microbial roommates perform many functions, including protection from disease, production of vitamins, and processing of food, especially dietary carbohydrates. Yes, bacteria like humans love sweets, and while most people know that carbs can create problems for diabetics and weight conscious, what many folks don't realize is the fact that they can wreak havoc on digestive wellness too. When that piece of pumpkin pie proceeds into the colon, gut bacteria enjoy the sweet treat as much as we did. Unfortunately, after the feast, they emit toxic acids and gases that are associated with a wide range of health challenges from acne and arthritis to autism to auto-immunity. And when they run out of sugar, these manipulative microbes may be convincing us to eat more. According to the journal Bio Essays, it's possible that our craving for cake may be the result of a kind of chemical communication from our gut bacteria to our brain. So if you find yourself endlessly ingesting sugar, it may not be your fault. Your books may be faking you to it. But thankfully, we don't have to be at their mercy. By potentially keeping our intake of sweets and refined carbs to a minimum, we can reduce the activity of sugar-loving bacteria in our digestive tracts, as well as their disease-inducing toxic waste emissions and their impact on our choices of the kinds of foods we decide to eat. Pharmacists have been here urging you to go to KSCOhealth.com to order Beyond Tangy Cantry and the Healthy Start Pack and other nutritional supplements that I personally use and recommend. You can purchase these premium quality products at wholesale prices online at KSCOhealth.com. That's KSCOhealth.com. I'm a pharmacist that believes that staying healthy and strong is not only about medicines, it's about giving your body the raw materials and needs to do its work. Go to KSCOhealth.com. Make sure you check out the cool videos too. At KSCOhealth.com, that's KSCO, at Rancid Solutions dot com today to get your copy of Love Your Life, Not Theirs. This is the Ramsey Show. I'm John Deloney, joined by George Campbell. Take three calls for money, money, whatever's going on in your world here to walk alongside you. Let's go to Jasmine in the N1T. What's up, Jasmine? How are we doing? Hi, guys. Can you take a quick call? Of course. What's up? I have a bit of a situation there. I just finished actually the total money makeover book, and I'm in baby 62, but I have a total of $15,000 in credit funding. So it's not much, but when you think of my age and kind of how much I really should have been in the situation. How do you rack up 15 grand in credit funding? I've got credit cards, and I did not know how to spend correctly. Do you have a bunch of cool stuff? Well, I think I was in a situation where my fans got divorced and all that stuff, and I ended up being very independent. And I think that was where the folks worked a lot of my problems with the shop. Dude, you're the first one to ever do that, Jasmine. Yeah, that's wild. Okay. Listen, I talked a lot on my show and the show, and coaching all over the country. Very few people who are twice, three times your age have the level of insight you just display. The idea that, hey, when I am stressed, when I am trying to figure out why my parents broke up, why my dad chose them over me. When you can say, this happens in my body, and then I start shopping, if you can link those two together that you've done, you are so far ahead of me. Because now you know, if my body does that, I'm going to create small-term plans so that I don't hurt future Jasmine. Does that make sense? Yeah. I just want, I want Andy to be hurt, because you are way ahead of the game. Now he's got to figure out how to clean this mess up and down the road, right? So continue on, Jasmine. What's the question? So I currently just transfer school to a much cheaper school because I was paying way too much and I have to get on. I'm born into a school now, born as my junior with no student loans. And I'm going to continue on both my next year with no student loans as well out of it. But I still have to pay off my student loans that are in my old school, and that's 12,000. I've been listening to a lot of the rest of the class last summer, and there's always a double-store that would make care of the student loans. And my student loans are able to be touched on and to just introduce, or waiting for the government to make a decision. I don't want to gain more interest on everything. So I kind of just don't know really what to do in terms of order, whether I should be tackling my card card debt or a student loan that I really just kind of don't know what to do. So are the student loans broken up, or is it one giant $12,000 loan? One giant $12,000. Well, it's broken up, unsot, stop, but yeah, and total, $12,000. But you make individual payments on separate loans? The provider that I have gives me an option to either do all or one by one. Okay. So it sounds like they are separate loans, and so what I would do is just list every single individual balance out, smallest to largest, and ignore the interest rate. And you say you can't pay on them? Is there someone who knew that I don't have to and chose you? Yeah, because they want to check the ability to. Yes, you can. And put your credit cards in there as well. Okay, so just basically put my loans inside of my whole... No, yes, wherever the credit cards fall in there. So if you have...it sounds like you've got multiple credit cards? Yeah. Okay. Yeah, just list them all out. They'll be co-mingled in there in the debt snowball. But if you list them out from smallest to largest and tackle each individual balance, you will feel the progress versus staring at a mountain of $12,000 and a mountain of $15,000. Because the smallest balance is probably a few hundred bucks, maybe a thousand bucks? Yeah. And now we go, okay, I can pay off a thousand bucks. And then you go, the next biggest one is $2,000, but I freed up that payment. So I can roll that payment, plus the margin I was throwing at it, into the next one. And that is how the debt snowball has gotten so many people to debt-free. And don't be afraid to be as cheesy or as creative as you want to be. I was...it was in my late 30s, maybe it was mid-30s, I don't know. I was too old to be doing what I was doing. My wife and I were paying everything off, and we just created one of those construction paper chains that you tear off every time you hit a milestone, you pay off a credit card, you pay off... You know, you move that number from $20,000 to $19,000 to $18,000, and we hung it in our bedroom just so I could see it every day. So get creative and just begin to knock these credit cards out, and the student loans out one after the other after the other after the other. What's your income, guys? Okay. I have $50K. Awesome. $50K? Good one. I'm a manager at a restaurant. Okay. Yes, that's very...there's one. You can...you can...knock this out of your ear. Right? I'm still still, yes. No, no, Jasmine. You could have your 21st birthday and owe nobody. Okay. Imagine that. Just a met number seven. Yes, I definitely do. On the day after the 21st...the night of your 21st birthday, your boss says, hey, you got to come in and work. No, he's my 21st birthday. I took off six months ago. And he's like, I don't care what...you're coming to work, and you can smile and be like, no, I'm not. Because you will be free, right? Yes. Thank you. Awesome. Have you watched the FPU videos? No, I haven't. I've been deciding if I want to do that or not. We got you. We're going to send you Financial Peace University to welcome you to our gang. We're going to send it to you because you've got to watch them all. And if you're really cool, you can read a couple of friends with you and start spreading this message with them too. We'll send you...and we're going to go ahead and send you every dollar app as well as a part of this package. And you can begin to learn to manage your money as you get better and better at budgeting through all of the lessons. So hang on the line here, and Jenna will hook you up with Anthony. Awesome. All right, let's go to Stephanie in Mesa. What's up, Stephanie? How we doing? Hey, I'm doing good. Thank you for asking. I've been listening to you guys for years and years. I've gone to college. I've taken the courses where they show your videos and I do your budgets. I have my $1,000 emergency fund. I even went to your conference and volunteered thinking that would help me get out of this rut, of thinking it's not possible for me. But I keep having doubts. I don't take it for steps after the $1,000 emergency fund to do anything else. My husband's on board, he said, yeah, I need to start saving his receipts and all that stuff so he can do a budget. And then it's me. I keep stopping and giving myself excuses. I don't know what I want to do in college. After I'm done with college, I have two more classes right before I graduate with my bachelor's. Who told you that what you want and what you need doesn't matter? I don't know. You do. You've been keeping... It was your job to make sure the adults in your life didn't get... That mom didn't get mad, that dad didn't get raged out. That is true. It's always been your job to make sure everybody else is doing their thing. And you have no gap, no space for you to do what you know is right, what you don't even need, what you know will be. You don't even know how to feel that. And when you go to a seminar, you go to classes, you get all jazzed up, and you go, I'm going to do this. And your body says, this is uncomfortable. And you head off. The info, you don't need any more information. What you got is you start believing Stephanie's needs and wants and values matter. And here's what I want you to do. I want you to take your husband out for breakfast one Saturday. Tell him, we're going to talk, we're going to plan. And I want you to tell him, this knucklehead on the radio told me to write down the things that I need that would make my body feel safe. That would make me feel loved in this relationship. And I apologize, I should have told you some of these a long time ago. I didn't, but we're starting over for him today. Here's what I need. Here's what I feel when. Are you still in with me? You still love me? And I almost guarantee your husband's going to look at you and say, God, I'm 100%. And then you can get on the path for free. Only when you believe you're worth crossing the finish line are you going to take that first step. You're worth the step. We'll be right back. But guess what? The market is always changing. The truth is, you can successfully buy or sell in any market in any season when you put the right real estate agent on your team. Start by finding a top real estate agent in your market. Like one of our endorsed local providers or E.L.P. real estate agents. E.L.P.s are rimsie trusted. That means they are personally vetted by our team for integrity and have years of experience in the changing markets. Make the move today that's right for you. Go to ramsiesolutions.com slash agent and find a trusted agent near you. That's ramsiesolutions.com slash agent. Here's a daily experience. No one has done your transformation. Charles Friedman here at Ellis at the Watsonville Airport. He served by the new owner of the restaurant that brings a yellow apocalypse and her food and phone loving staff. Hello, what's special at Ellis at the airport today? Thank you, Charles. We always have something special to offer our diners. And trash always makes the food you serve special. When it comes to food, the Pajaro Valley and Enviroz is one of the most important places in the world. And here at Ellis, we take full advantage of where we are by serving the freshest, most wholesome food in the world. Give one of our fresh salads a try. Tell us how you would like it and we will do our best to make it special. Just for you. Folks, you'll find everything you've done just like you wanted when you're done with yellow at Ellis at the Watsonville Airport. Hey folks, we're not here. I'm not shroofing. You know a roof is like a big hat. Have you ever worn a view wear a hat? A roof is a hat. Keeps you warm, dry and pretty like a sombrero. Or a cowboy hat. Yeehaw! Baseball hat. Football hat. Motorcycle hat. A hard hat. A top hat if you're running for any office. A chef's hat. Good cooking's usually underneath that hat. That's what I'm saying. A roof is like a big hat. Whatever kind of a hat you wear, I suggest you get a not screw hat on your home. It's stylish, keeps you warm and dry and pretty. Okay, as always, having fun with all you out there. Give nots. Give me a call at 4610634. That's 4610634. That's for all your roofing needs. Thanks folks. Hi, I'm your host, Smokey Cold Bear. Fill an in for Smokey because after 75 years of, we can prevent wildfires. Turns out there's much more to say. Nearly 90% of wildfires are caused by us humans being careless. Something our youth far too cold willy-nilly. Just the song was wrong. We did start the fire. That's why I respect Mother Nature and her trees. Whether coniferous or new car-scented. Brought to you by the U.S. Forest Service, your state forester, and the... RamseySolutions.com. That's RamseySolutions.com. AAA 8255, 225, this is the Ramsey show. Hey George. Hey John. This is kind of like an old Nickelodeon show. We always call it the Ramsey show. You know, you two always have a lot of Nickelodeon shows. I watched Nickelodeon when I was old. Wow, Rich. I grew up on that stuff. So our friends, friend Jill over at SCO, sent this note over the other day. Over the last two years, Monday was the highest surge for depression over any other day in the U.S. Wow. And I wonder if... Well, I'll just keep going here. Help with depression and anxiety is currently at an all-time high in the U.S. Insomnia spikes in January is currently at an all-time high. Oregon has the highest surge interest in all of the U.S. states. Marriage counseling near me reached an all-time high in January, 2023. Bullet journal and diary spikes in January in the U.S. Sleep tracking is a top trend related to bullet journal at an all-time high in 2023. Here's the deal. George, the words I hear across the country when I'm traveling is, I feel it. We've created a world that our bodies cannot exist. Our bodies were not designed to be constantly chained to all these different corporations who we opened to. Our bodies weren't designed to be married to people that we didn't really like or didn't know how to communicate with, did not talk to. Our bodies weren't designed to sit there and just be inundated with how we didn't look right. We don't make enough money. We don't drive the right thing if we're not enough, not enough. Our bodies weren't designed to have other people raise our kids all the time and tell us which one of our kids and here's why your kid's doing this. We just created a world where it's underrepresented. And so it makes my heart happy to see that come January, people said, enough. I'm going to go see a marriage counselor. I'm going to go get the help with my anxiety and my depression that I need. I just want everyone out there. Yeah, things look tough. And things look like tougher. You look down, the country owes a good bunch of money, and we've got a recession, and all this stuff. I get it. I get it. What you can't do in the comfort of your own couch is solve it. You can't do anything about it. And for most of us, when we say I keep thinking about it, it makes us tighten our grip. And the key to anxiety, the key to some of these challenges is to loosen. And for most of us, the game is good on our own. You can just believe yourself in doing that. And so call in some of that. Not just Google it. Just call in somebody that's helpful. You can listen to the Dr. John Deloney show, my show. And we also have an article called How to Deal with Anxiety, linked in the show notes. For today's show, you can check out just as a crime, or as a good place to start. I want to encourage everybody, if you're waking up every Monday morning and you're thinking, I can't do this again, I can't do this again, call somebody. Don't conclude, call somebody. Call a friend, send them an alright. Call a counselor. Call better help. Call somebody. They're not okay. You need to talk to somebody. Tell your wife for the first time. I'm really scared. Tell your husband for the first time the way we live scared me. But just know you're not alone, and I'm proud of you for everybody for getting help that they need. And don't give up on yourself. Yeah, it feels like we are – the silver lining here is we're normalizing people seeking help. And they're going, I don't have to just repress this. Like, my parents' generation did. I can deal with this. I want to grow. I want to get healthy for the sake of my family, my finances, all the things that matter to me, my health. And so there's some good news in this, even though these searches that are all time terrible. I just want to say this, and this is going to sound weird, because I wrote this article on how to deal with anxiety. I wrote a book about anxiety. I just turned in a draft for another book on mental health stuff. I think for many of us, we don't need any more information. We need a call center. A real person. We need connection. A person to sit across from us. Or to come over to the house or to go to their house or to go grab something to eat. And we just say, hey, I'm not alright. Here's what I'm struggling with. And I got two PhDs. I know the answers. The answers don't help as much as sitting down with somebody and saying, I'm not alright. And there's a lot of science about that. There's a lot of neurology about that and psychology about that. We have bodies. But most of us don't need to Google yet, but most of us need to sit down and say, my job. So I have the courage to go do that, and I'm proud of you all who have done that. Those of you who have reached out, it's good for you to keep doing it. And if you do want some information before you call somebody, check out this article. How to do it. Alright, let's run to, let's see here. Let's go to Adam Cincinnati. What's up, Adam? Yeah. My question is, I was recently fired from a job paneling in the paintings mode. I decided that I'm going to pull from my 401K and pay off my credit card debt and then use the monthly payments that I make into those credit card debts to roll over into a car loan and then use the remainder of the 401K to pay down the card and try to get out from underneath that. What made you feel like that was your only option? We have a fairly large house mortgage. I make the majority of the money in the income for the house. We had enough to maybe make it a month and a half. I didn't know when I was supposed to go back to work. Are you working now? I have a job that should start Monday, so everything should return to normal as far as the inflow of loaning. What will be your income at that point? Household? Our household income is right about $135 to $140. Alright, how much debt do you now have total? I've got a, I'd say we've probably got 8 in credit cards and 20 in a car. And what about the 401K loan? Or did you just withdraw one? That 401K was probably better than the 401K. I don't have a completely empty that one. How much was in it? There was 20, I think 26 in there, and I ended up with about 14 as well. What about the taxes and benefits? So what'd you do with that money? Have you already blown through that? No, it's that I haven't actually got it yet, but my plan is it was once I get it. Can you put, can you just have, is this reversible? Can you stop and call and cancel it? I don't think so. I think it was. I do everything I can to screw it up. I got fired. I freaked out. I need to cancel this. I do not want this. Please take it. Please do not send this money. Do whatever you can. Okay, this is a fear response. A bear showed up at your cave. An actual real bear scared you to death. And you ran as fast as you could and you did like a wily coyote cartoon. You spanned your head into a rock in the cave. Okay, this wasn't my only retirement. No, I know, I know, I know, I know. I'm not saying it's your only thing. We're not that old. I'm just saying you don't need it, my brother. You took a 50% hit on this money. And you don't need the money. You didn't need it. You have a great income. You start another job on Monday. Things got really scary and panic. It happens to all of us. Now you know in the future, hey, I need emergency support. But with your salary, you can pay off this debt in short order. Is it 28 total now in debt? Between the credit cards and the car loan, or is there other debt? Well, I have a whole mortgage too. Okay, so we're going to ignore the mortgage for now. We're going to focus on this consumer debt. Let's pay off this credit card first. And how quickly could you pay that off to make it $140? How quickly could you pay off $8,000 going to Scorched Earth, going to everything you can now? Probably six months. Six months? Okay, we're going to hook you up with every dollar to get a plan for this money. You're making $140. Are you taking home $89,000, $10,000 a month? Yeah, between me and my whole idea probably. Okay, so if we start looking at our expenses going outside of this, covering our bills, but food on the table, we're not eating out, we're not going on vacation, we're not investing, you could pay these credit cards off within two months. You've got to get serious though, dude. You've got to get real, real serious, man. We can't walk this more than you do. Hang on the line, we're going to send you every dollar premium. Start making a plan for your money. You've got the income. You don't have to do stupid anymore. You're working hard for it. Now let's do something good with it, which is pay off this debt, get an emergency fund in place, and start building wealth the right way. This is the reach. Hey, it's Dr. John Deloney. If you love the show and want a deeper dive on your money journey, we have a weekly newsletter that gives you trending and helpful articles and tips on following the Ramsey way. Just go to ransisolutions.com today to sign up for our newsletter. Again, that's ransisolutions.com to sign up for our weekly newsletter. 2022 was a year of financial hurdles for most Americans. Mortgage interest rates rose and economic recession began. The government made more empty promises to forgive student loan debt, but Americans still returned to credit cards and trusted the government that failed on it. Meanwhile, credit card debt continues to rise by the billions, and Congress grows wealthier by the minute. Now here at Ramsey Solutions, we know this is not a plan that wins, and that's why we are on a mission to bring hope to the hopeless. We want to help people build real wealth, do what they love, and create connected relationships. And we need people like you to help us. We have open roles on marketing, technology, and sales teams. And we offer financial, developmental, and health benefits to help you live a balanced life while doing life-changing work. Want to join the crusade? Well go check out all of our open roles at ransisolutions.com slash careers and apply today. Again, that's ransisolutions.com slash careers.