with which you disagree, please call us during the program in order to help us balance... ...your life and your money. Phil kicks us off in Macon, Georgia. Phil, welcome to the Ramsey Show, my friend. Hello, thanks for taking my call. Absolutely. What's going on? Well, me and my wife are working on Baby Step 1. We purchased a home in May of last year, and between then and now we switched the insurance company for the home insurance. So our payment would go down. We could run this and notice. It would just help us cut the federal debt. That insurance company that we went to sent some inspectors up to just kind of look at the property, and they said our roof was cold. Now we knew our roof was on its way out when we bought the house, but the insurance people are telling us that we have until September of this year to switch the roof over or the insurance will end. Now I want to give you Baby Step 1 first, but my question to you is once we get that $1,000 emergency fund, should we pause on Baby Step 2 and just sock money away for the roof? Or what would your recommendation be, Eric? Absolutely. I mean, this is what we would call kind of a storm mode. Number one, you've got to cover the four walls before we do anything else, food, utilities, shelter, transportation, and you literally need this roof over your head. And your home insurance lapsing could put you in a really, really dangerous scenario. And so are you going to be able to cash flow the new roof or the roof repair? What does this look like? Right now, no. We've cut all the expenses we know to cut. I'm working 60 to 70 hours a week at my job. My wife will be taking up a job, hopefully a hospital here before too long. She's a registered nurse. She's just waiting on her wife and three in state path to Georgia. Right. So after that, we should be looking pretty good. She's actually, a low call would be like $800 a month, so that would really help. So what's the roof going to cost? Average cost, it looks like is going to be about $5,000 to $6,000. Okay. We may be able to sweet buy a little under that, but I'm not sure exactly. And what are your minimum payments on your debt? Are you able to afford all the minimum payments and keep all your bills current? Yeah, we're good right now. We'll just give it a little bit more margin to kind of knock down all that other debt. Because you should be able to do this with her extra $800 and you've got, I'm guessing a few extra $100 you could throw with this roof right now? One, two, three hundred actually, yeah. Okay. So that would put it at about six months of saving to pay for this roof. Don't bother. Which means by the summertime this thing's done and we're continuing on with Baby Steps attacking that smallest debt next in Baby Step 2. That would be my plan. My plan would be let's try to beat that goal and say, hey, can we get this money saved up by April, by May, so we don't delay our debt freedom any longer? No. So I'd be continuing to work those 60, 70 hours. Let's hope she gets that job and works as much as she can. Let's get a bunch of estimates to see who's got the best bid on this job and then move forward from there. I'll be. All right. Thanks so much, Bill. Appreciate the call. Jesse is up next in Memphis, Tennessee. Jesse, welcome to the show. Hey, thanks for having me, guys. Absolutely. What's going on? So general question. We are in Baby Step 1 and I started a slide house thing and I was curious on how much I should get paid from that since it's cash to pay for taxes after you get in next year. That's great. That's a really good question, Jesse. I'm happy that you're thinking about this because so many people, you know, they start on a job where they're responsible for the taxes, the 1099, and then tax season rolls around and they get hit with a bill. So I'm really happy that you're thinking about this, especially early in the year. So what I would do, anytime I used to be in entertainment and then a lot of times we would get paid just a flat rate and we were responsible for the taxes. And so as good measure, what we would do is just set aside, you know, 25 to 30 percent of the earnings and put that with our quarterly estimate. And that's how we made sure that we didn't get hit with a big tax bill at the end of the year. I don't think about it at all. I'm focused on making an extra. And she said, hey, you know, make sure you hold out for that. That's a great idea. How much? You don't want the IRS on your back, man. How much are you bringing in 1099? Well, I just started last week and it's probably going to look like maybe five or six hundred a month. Yeah, just put a quarter of that aside and then you'll be ready when that tax bill comes. And what I did when I was doing side hustles is make quarterly estimated payments. And I did that through the IRS Web site. Make sure it's official. But that really set me up for success because at the end of the year, I didn't have this giant bill to pay. Instead, I was keeping up with it throughout the year. And you can actually get dinged with penalties and fees if you don't make those quarterly estimated payments. That's really that's that's exactly right. George George makes a really good point. So I would go on the IRS Web site. You can just search quarterly estimated payments and begin making payments. Again, it's estimated. So if you take a that put 25, 30 percent and pay it to the IRS every quarter to keep them off my back. They'll be happy. What are you doing for side hustles? DoorDash. OK. How much are you making in DoorDash? Does a lot of listeners out there are wondering what's worth their time? What's what's going to make them the most money? Well, last week was my first week and I averaged 26.55 an hour. Nice. I did it for three evenings. So almost nine hours. That's great. And you're doing this to pay off some debt? We just started this month. So we'll have that baby step done by the end of the month. So next month, we can start pushing my snowball. How much debt? So, maybe. Cars. Yeah. Finance. She. What's your household income? The household before the door dash was right at 100 a year. You guys need to get out of these cars. Whatever it takes. The bad news is whatever it takes happens to be selling one or both of these cars. This is just too much car for you. That's over way over 50 percent of your household income tied up in a depreciating asset. And it's it's drowning. And I want to see the side hustle be put to work and get rid of these cars. We'll definitely get you there. Appreciate the call, man. Way to go hustling. This is the Ramsey show. I get it. Budgets are tight right now. So it's time to really look at your typical expenses and see where you can save, especially on overpriced services like your phone bill. This is one area you can say big with the right provider. That's why I recommend Consumer Cellular. They give you the same great coverage as the big name providers and you can save up to half on your bill by switching. Consumer Cellular offers plans starting at just 20 dollars a month and forget getting stuck on hold or dealing with dumb robo services. Consumer Cellular has been ranked number one in customer service among value mobile virtual network operators 13 times in a row by J.D. Power. So you get a real person ready to help you every time. Go to consumer cellular dot com slash Ramsey. Use the promo code Ramsey and get twenty five dollars off your bill for a limited time. It's time to give your budget a break. Check out Consumer Cellular today. Hey, John Deloney here. You've heard me say that sleep is crucial for your mental health, but it doesn't have to be complicated. You just need good sleep habits, a good sleep environment and an amazing mattress. And that's why I recommend DreamCloud mattress. And right now you can get 25 percent off any mattress plus five hundred ninety nine dollars in accessories and an additional fifty dollar cash discount with promo code John Deloney. One word. So go to dream cloud sleep dot com and enter promo code John Deloney today. You could be a great driver, but if you never check under the hood, your car won't last very long. The same principle goes for your business. NetSuite by Oracle gives you the visibility under the hood in business. That means knowing your numbers. NetSuite gives you access to the real time data you need to make smart decisions. Plan for the future and move fast. Set up a free product tour today at NetSuite dot com slash Ramsey. That's the NetSuite dot com slash Ramsey. Tired of looking around broken sprinkler heads and smelly lawnmowers, weeds and dry patches make you scream, growling over your decision to put a plant the size of an elephant in the space the size of an African hedgehog. Navigating your way through the maze of gardening and landscaping options and maintenance for your home or office really is enough to drive anybody wild. I'm Randy Quillichy, owner of Quillichy Gardening and Landscaping. If anyone knows us a jungle out there, it's us. We've been offering complete maintenance and landscape installation for residential and commercial properties since 1982. It's easy to let things get overgrown and out of hand and keep putting off adding that special water feature you wanted for so long. Let us help by taming and shaping your landscape into something you'll be proud of. Call me at 425-5269 or visit us at Quillichy Gardening dot com. Quillichy Gardening and Landscaping, because without them, it really is a jungle out there. When you need to know its true value, call on the appraisal experts at Clark's Auction Company. Hi, I'm Patty Clark of Clark's Auction Company. Whether it's a diamond ring or an entire estate, Clark's Auction has the appraisal expertise to identify its true value. Clark's appraisals are trusted by insurance companies, attorneys, conservators and executors. When you need to know its true value, call Clark's Auction in Scott's Valley at 83-170-8776 or Clark's Auctions dot com. The average time a resume spends on an HR manager's desk is seven seconds and most of them are tossed aside. Now imagine if one of those resumes belonged to Yasmine who was living in a shelter juggling three jobs. I had to be resilient. That's something that you can't teach. We rely so much on a resume, yet it could never tell the full story of someone who had to be independent and take initiative. And that's how I handle every project I get. Discover new ways to develop great talent at grads of life dot org. Brought to you by grads of life at BLiVE. Welcome back to the Ram D show. I'm George Campbell joined by Jay Borshaw this hour. Well guys, if you're wondering whether to buy or sell a home this year, here's what you need to know about the housing market. There's still more demand for homes than there are homes to buy. The median home price is expected to keep rising just at a slower rate. And interest rates likely haven't stopped going up. So what does that mean for you? Well if you're buying a home, you may still face some competition and big price tags. And if you want to sell your home, chances are that you can still make a nice profit, but you may have to be patient for the right offer to come. It's not going to happen overnight. Of course, this will depend on where you are. Every market is so different. And it's why you need to work with an experienced real estate agent when you're ready to start the home buying or home selling process. You want someone who's done this a hundred of times before and knows how to negotiate a strong deal based on this current market. And you can find agents like that who are Ramsey trusted through our endorsed local providers program. These are top performing agents around the country who we trust to serve you well. Get connected today at ramseysolutions.com slash agent. That's ramseysolutions.com slash agent. James is up next right here in Nashville, Tennessee. James, welcome to the show. Hello. Hey, what's going on? How you doing? I'm doing great. First of all, thank you all for taking my call and thank you for your show. It's been very helpful to hear what's going on with you. Well, I sold my house and I'm sitting on about 240,000 and just sitting in a bank doing nothing for me. And also I have some annuities as well that are matured, which which I'm looking to maybe. I can start collecting on evidence in the long term payout, you know, I might start getting that out of the deposit into a bank account and maybe dollar cost average and into some sort of investment. Maybe a diversification of things that are a little higher risk, some more safe. How old are you? I am 62. All right. You have any other retirement? You have a nest egg? Well, my income is tax free. As well, and from an accident I had been in years ago and it's pretty good. My income is pretty good. I get about 5500. 5500. That's tax free. It's all tax free. Is that guaranteed for the rest of your life or what? Yes. OK. And that's essentially your retirement. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And you're not you said you sold the house. Where are you living? Everything's paid off. Wonderful. OK. And what what other money do you have in savings? You said you have 240. And that's about it. I have about 60. These guys tell me about their pretty much procured to a margin. Let it ride for the last couple of years because I'm sure what I want to do with it. It's a long term payout to some of that. Probably most of it. So I think about taking that dollar cost and having that deposit into account. And I find the right investment to have that dollar cost. And I figured there could be some bargains going on with the way the economy is. It's getting ready to tank. If it added, you know, you know, I like dollar cost averaging. And if you want to do that into mutual funds, index funds, you know, don't do this into single stocks or anything volatile. But that would be a good plan. And the rest of the 240, if you want to if you're going to need it liquid cash in the next few years for anything you're doing, I would put it in a high yield savings account for now. But if you're talking, you know, four or five, six plus years out, you can invest that. And I like the idea of dollar cost averaging it. You could also lump sum it. Yeah. Yeah. I'd like to dollar cost. You know, this guy looked at the market on its way down and a little bit on its way back up and maybe just sit up. That's good. And you go ahead and cash it all in in a few years and then just live off the rest. Absolutely. I mean, I've checked my lifestyle a little bit as well. I'd be looking at my future goals, James, and going, all right, do I want to put this towards the farm that I want to rebuild? You know, you want to have liquid cash for that. I don't want it fluctuating in the market. And you take a big hit on it because you want it to invest it. And all of a sudden the market dipped a little. And now it hurts emotionally to take that money out at a loss. So leave as much as you need in cash in a high yield savings account. That'll grow at about three or four percent right now in a good online savings account. The rest I would put towards those goals, whether that's investing or using. Way to go, man. Good problems to have. All right. Rebecca is up next in Iowa City. Rebecca, welcome to the Ramsey show. Hi. Thanks so much for having me today. Absolutely. How can we help? Yes. I've been working full time while I'm in a full time or a month in graduate program. And I just completed my third class of a 10 class program and I'm set to graduate in May of 2024. My employer is covering the cost of the program and it's not a required admit of my position. But I also just found out I'm pregnant, which I'm really excited about. Congrats. But my classes for the next semester start tomorrow. And so my question is, do you think I should continue with the program? But I'm not really necessarily filled on and require quite a bit of time. But it's paid for by my employer or if I should kind of take some time and focus on family and reevaluating my career options. So the grad school is not costing you anything out of your pocket, right? Yeah, that's correct. When you talk about taking a pause, is that like what do you plan on doing with that time? Yeah, I guess just kind of getting ready. This is our first kid. They're just kind of getting ready for that situation, I suppose. And we just bought a house this year. So kind of working on that, I guess. So if you took a pause from grad school and you picked up work, it would allow you to pile up cash since you have a baby coming, which a lot of times we would recommend people if they're working the baby steps, you know, to pause the baby steps, pile up cash and get ready for that, you know, that big adventure of having a new baby in the world. Is that kind of what you're thinking when you say take a pause? Is this a chance for you to work? Or this is just kind of like me time? Yeah, I have been working full time, so I would continue doing that. I just kind of see more having my evenings and like mornings and weekends available again since it does take so much of my outside of work time. Could you restart this grad program later on if you wanted to? Yeah, I think I could. And I don't see why not. If you can pick up when you're ready and, you know, go at it again and there's no penalty or you're not losing out on any money from it being paid for, I would say take a break, especially if you're not really, like you said, you're not sold on it. It'll give you some time to kind of reevaluate if that's really what you want to do going forward. And again, it's no cost to you, so. What's your household income currently? It's 102 about right now. Awesome. How much of that is yours? I make like 47-ish. Cool. And where are you guys at financially in the Baby Step? Are you out of debt with an emergency fund? Yeah, we are. We're out of debt with an emergency fund, working on paying off our house. Oh, man. I guess we need a paper polish now. Amazing. That's exciting. Yeah, and maybe start that like separate little sinking fund for baby. Yes, yes. And make sure that you and baby come home healthy and there's going to be some, you know, medical costs with that. And of course, goodness gracious, all the baby gear and diapers and formula and all that stuff. So it's going to be a new budget line item. So don't freak out about that. But it doesn't hurt to save up an extra 10 grand outside of the emergency fund for these types of costs. Wonderful. So that would be my next goal for you as well. Yeah, I love it. I always like to save up the deductible. Because you know you're going to hit the deductible when you have a baby. That max out-of-pocket deductible. So look into that on your health insurance plan. And we're rooting for you, Rebecca. That's awesome. That's exciting. It's nice to have options too and you can just pause because you're not desperate, you're not paying for it. And that's the thing. If you were doing this grad program with student loans, well now the pressure is on. Yeah, that's what I love about the Baby Steps is ultimately that's what you're giving yourselves. You're giving yourself option to choose. You don't have this debt hanging around your neck. I always think, you know, whenever you have that kind of debt, all of your choices are filtered through that. It's like, can I afford to do this? Well, if I do this, I won't pay off this debt in time. And when you get debt free, it allows you the freedom to choose. Oh yeah. Ford Motor Company doesn't call the shots. Sally Mae's not calling the shots. You do. Yeah. Even career-wise. You do work that you love. You do work that matters. That's amazing. Not just work to pay the bills. Absolutely. More of your calls coming up. 888-825-5225. This is the Ramsey Show. Hey folks, Ken Coleman here. It's a new year and I know some of you are looking for a side hustle. Some of you are quiet, quitting, and want to make a change, but don't know where to start. Some of you want to level up in your career. Good news. There is a way to get unstuck, increase your income, and find the work you were made to do. That is why I created the Get Clear Career Assessment to help you discover your talent, what you do best, your passion, work you love, and your mission, what results motivate you, and the top jobs that would be a great fit for you based on that information. After completing this assessment, you'll get an in-depth, customized report to give you clarity and confidence for your next career move. The assessment will also help you create a purpose statement so you can discover countless ways to do meaningful work, or maybe even find a new job. Order your Get Clear Assessment today at ramsysolutions.com slash get clear today. That's ramsysolutions.com slash... Hey, this is Dr. Duncan McCollum. Thanks a lot for tuning in. You know, you've heard me talk about this amazing new machine called the TRT machine, or the Tissue Regenerative Technology machine. We've had such amazing results, and I really want you to experience it, so I'm still offering the $49 special. I'm going to play a little snip from my friend and patient, Noel. He's a diabetic patient. Listen to what he has to say about his treatment with the TRT machine. You don't realize how much you use your toes for balance until there's no feeling in them? And so I've got the feeling back in my toes, and my balance is greatly improved? Definitely recommend it. The Tissue Regenerative Technology machine. I highly recommend you check it out. If you want to go to TRTLLC.com, you can find out about this. You definitely want to give it a try. Give our office a call. More RAM and a sound card. DSL line. Network printing, scanning, and faxing for dentists. Replacing antivirus on 12 machines. Wireless network for court reporter agency. Diagnosing sound card problems. Building a 5 kilowatt amplifier. And radio amp channel. If electricity flows through it, you can save a lot of money by doing it yourself with the help of the experts at Santa Cruz Electronics. Voted best electronics store two years running. Call Santa Cruz Electronics today at 831-479-5444. Or visit at 2808 Soquel Avenue in Santa Cruz. Do it yourself and save money with the help of Santa Cruz Electronics. America is about to change big time. And Americans are tired of the big biased media. They want a new source they can trust. And they found one. It's Rob Carson. Hey, guys, it's Rob Carson on KSCO. Real news. No woke, no spin. Start your mornings with Rob Carson. Just go to KSCO. Don't miss the Rob Carson show 9 to noon right here on KSCO. When you need help escaping from an abusive relationship, call on the angel. Hello, I am attorney Angel Hess and I am ready to help you. Whether you or a loved one needs legal protection from an abusive spouse, cohabitant or neighbor, I will help you. I have over seven years experience working as a lawyer protecting others from abusive relationships. Stop the abuse now. Call on the angel. Attorney Angel L. Hess at Santa Cruz Legal. Hi, registered pharmacist Ben Fuchs here. I've been studying healthy bodies for 35 years. What I've got to tell you may shock and surprise you, but if you listen up, it may change your life. Diabetes or prediabetes or dysglycemia, bad blood sugar, sugar storing cells have tuned down insulin because we're pounding our bodies with sugar and refined carbohydrates. It's cells just stop listening to insulin. The ultimate sign of insulin resistance is elevated blood sugar that doesn't go down. When blood sugar stays elevated, it can react with various proteins in the body, especially the protein albumin and the protein hemoglobin. And ultimately, we're off to the degenerative disease races. This is called insulin insensitivity or insulin resistance. By the way, insulin resistance is a problem not just because cells stop listening to insulin, but because insulin does other things. Insulin's a growth hormone. It makes cells divide. So even though cells aren't listening to insulin's command to process sugar, all the other effects of insulin are still going on. For example, even though insulin's effects on sugar processing are reduced or diminished, insulin's effects on dividing cells, making cells divide, that's not diminished at all. Elevated insulin, as insulin levels go up, your cells are starting to divide really fast. That means cysts. That means growths. Ultimately, insulin elevations are responsible for fibroids and cysts and growths. This ultimately means the emperor of all maladies, cancer. Pharmacist Ben here urging you to go to kscoh health.com to order Beyond Tangy Tangerine, the Healthy Start Pack, and other nutritional supplements that I personally use and recommend. You can purchase these premium quality products at full sale prices online at kscoh health.com. That's kscoh health.com. I'm a pharmacist that believes that staying healthy and strong is not only about medicine, it's about giving your body the raw materials it needs to do its work. Go to kscoh health.com. Make sure you check out the cool videos too at kscoh health.com. That's kscoh health. Solutions.com to get your copy of the Contentment Journal. Welcome back to the Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell joined by Jade Warshaw this hour. Open phones at 888-825-5225. Well Jade, the headlines have not been what I expected lately. All the rage. Eggs. Eggs. It's all anyone can talk about. Here's the CNN headline. Egg prices exploded 60% higher last year. These food prices surged too. It goes on to say grocery prices remain stubbornly high, nearly double the rate of overall inflation at 11.8% year over year. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, none have been more rotten than egg prices, up 59.9% year over year. A rate not seen since 1973. Oh my goodness. Wow. Well you know they get the phrase a dime a dozen from eggs, right? I did not know that. They used to be a dime a dozen. Wow. And that's where they got that from. And now apparently they're 59.9% higher and they have eggsploded. I see what you did there. This feels like the old like I walked uphill both ways and eggs were a dime a dozen. Yeah it is but I will say when I get to the grocery store and I look at my Pete and Jerry's, you know, organic dozen and it's like almost $8. Organic in this economy? I click my polls. Are you kidding me? Look George, there's some things I just can't compromise on. Now back in the day. We can't afford GMO let alone organic eggs. Look if I was in baby step two I would take whatever egg they had. But your girl moved out of baby step two. But it's not just eggs. Butter and margarine up 35%. Lettuce is up almost 25% annually. Flour, prepared flour mixes up 23% annually. Canned fruits and veggies up 18% annually. Bread up 16% annually. But here's the good news. The silver lining in all of this. What? Bacon is down almost 4% annually. Interesting. So it's a wash. If you got your eggs you got your bacon's cheaper. Eggs are more. You get to choose. You get to choose one of the other. Wow. We wanted to give people some tips here. We like to make some jokes because it's all wild out there. But it is hard too. When you go to the grocery store and you got to swipe that debit card or get that cash envelope out. It hurts. It does hurt. And it hurts so bad that I started looking for alternatives. I started looking for suggestions. And I saw this video online that some psycho had the nerve to post. It's instead of doing scrambled eggs for breakfast. It's scrambled tofu. Some crazy person. You are that person. You posted that video. Haha. I did post that video. George. Jade you're trying to cause anarchy across America. You know what? Here's the deal. I love eggs. I will eat eggs. But when eggs are costing me $8.99 I would rather get a pack of tofu for $1.79. It feeds my whole family. And they have the seasoning that you sprinkle in it. I don't even know what's in there. And it tastes like eggs. How are they making it at $1.79? I don't trust them. And it's organic George. It was never real to begin with. Tofu? It's soybeans bro. Oh. I'm learning a lot. It's soybeans. It's just hardened soybeans. I'm telling you. Look. I have looked for all the alternatives. You know you can make an egg out of flax seed? Like if you're making pancakes or waffle. You can make a flax egg. That doesn't sound right. It's flax seeds and water. That's not how the Lord intended it. George. Look. Flax seed eggs. I'm always looking for alternatives out here. You are like next level when it comes to food. So I believe you. And if Jade was cooking it. George. I'm sure it would be delicious. If you come to my house and I have leftover waffles. If you have those waffles. You are going. I always say you're going to rip off your shirt and run through the streets. Wow. Ranting about how delicious these waffles are. That's not what America needs right now. But there are other things you can do right? At the end of the day it's all about making a budget. Being very specific in your food budget right? Yes. And here's what's happening Jade. People see these headlines and it makes them spiral even further. About the economy and the economy. And it's all about the economy. And it's all about the economy. And it's all about the economy. And it's all about the economy. And there's a lot of reasons for these food prices skyrocketing. Supply chain issues. And I love this meal planner on ramsaysolutions.com. And it's been updated but at the time we didn't experience all this inflation. Now we need this. And so you can get this incredible guide at ramsaysolutions.com slash meal planner. And it also includes a grocery savings guide. There's some templates you can print out for meal planning, grocery shopping. There's a ton of tips in there. And it's completely free for you. You can also check out our article on why food prices are going up. We've got all of that for you in the show notes as well if you're watching the show, listening to the show. But there are some things we can do. And we've mentioned some of them on the show before. But doing your research. Not just buying willy-nilly impulsively but actually researching where the best spots are to go, what's on sale that week, using what you already have. That's right. Pantry bowls. You don't want to reach back in that pantry and go, ooh, that went bad three years ago. You know what, George? January is a great month to do a pantry challenge. Yes. And just cook all that stuff in there. You got black beans in there. You got some of that. You got some blue box macaroni and cheese in there. You have some old noodles that... Get creative. Yeah, get creative. You better fix those noodles. Fix them. They don't go bad. And on top of that, of course, buying generic brands. We know you love your name brand, this or that. It's the same thing. It's generic. It's made in the same factory. They just slap a different label on it. And one of the hardest things, switching where you shop grocery-wise. That one is emotional for some people. Yeah. You know where everything is in every aisle. It's very comforting. Yeah. Because you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Yeah. And you can save $20,000. Okay. How much is the lease? Okay. My only concern with that is eventually when you buy used, even if it's a good car, I mean, eventually that car will break down, right? Any car can break down. When that happens? Any car can break down at any point. Right. But with the lease, you have that kind of like insurance, or at least for that time period of the lease, you really have that warranty and that peace of mind that you're driving with the- Okay. Here's the thing, Francisco. Let's talk about this budget here. Okay. And then we'll talk about the car situation. So it sounds like you have $9,500 a month. Did I get that straight? As your income. Correct. Okay. Correct. And my screen says that you want to get back on track with the baby steps. So you've already walked through the baby steps up until baby step 3B, basically. So you've got your three to six months of expenses saved. Are you currently doing any investing? No. Okay. So you're currently doing any investing? No. Okay. So you're currently doing any investing? No. Okay. So you're currently doing any investing? No. Okay. So you're currently doing any investing? No. Okay. So you're currently doing any investing for baby step 4? Yes. So that's the thing. I kind of feel like I'm doing the baby steps all of them at the same time. Why is that? I've been putting 15% on retirement. I've been doing it for a while. I have combined retirement with me and my wife. We have maybe $530K in traditional TSP. Okay. That's great. And with a rough IRA. So where are you running into ... Tell me kind of how you're doing that. Yeah. So I'm doing a lot of things. I'm doing a lot of things. I'm doing a lot of things. I'm doing a lot of things. I'm doing a lot of things. I'm doing a lot of things. I'm doing a lot of things. Yeah. I feel like that's gonna take me some time. I feel like I'm contributing enough to my kids. 529. Okay. I feel like I could do much. Let's talk about that. Okay. So you've got the 9,500. You have no debt. You're investing 15%. So we're doing baby steps four, five, six at the same time simultaneously. Right. So I mean you may have skipped around in the past, but for all intents and purposes right now- If we get rid of that lease and get you a youth car in cash, you're right on track. Yeah. So you're not as far as you think. And then clearly, like you and I argue that, if you kind of take them out of this zone and take them out of the zone but, you know, if you don't know anything about coming and purposes right now. If you get rid of that lease and get you a used car in cash, you're right on track. Yeah. So you're not as far as you think. And then you've got the income that you should be able to do four, five, and six at the same time. You should have enough money. I mean, your lease is not super ex- I don't- I'm not vouching for the lease, but it's not like it's, you know, this $1,000 thing that's cutting into all your money. You should have the money to do what you need to do. It sounds like this is a budget thing. It sounds like you guys are spending a lot. Yes. And so, we- I don't- that's the thing, you know. I feel like we can do much better on the budget. And I also had another question with regards to the budget, with the zero fund budget. Uh-huh. Because I get paid biweekly, and usually the biggest payments are due on the first date of the month. Yeah. And so, if I were to put a number on every month so that the end of the month is zero, I mean, how do you guys- I mean, how does that work? And for me to cover those first payments from the next- from the following month if I had to- my budget is- you know, and that's my thing. So- The budget is due, like, in the first day of the month. Yeah. So, basically, that extra payment that I'm budgeting for, or that I'm putting a number for, I mean, I have to kind of roll it over. That's right. So, that's what you need to do. So, how does that deal become zero-sum? That's kind of what you need to do. So, the things that are due on the first, right, if you don't have enough money on the first to pay all of those things, then you need to kind of backtrack and make sure that as you're planning the previous month- so, for instance, this is January. So, if you're creating January's budget, you need to make sure that you're accounting for the fact in January that you have rent due or mortgage due on February 1st. So, it's to say that some of that money might come in from the previous month, and there's a really great tool on every dollar. It's called paycheck planning. And you can literally go on there and plan out how each dollar is spent, and it even gives you the option to roll money, a balance, over from the previous month. So, in your circumstance, let's say it's going to take you bringing $500 from the previous month's budget into that current month in order to make that, you know, that February 1st payment. It actually allows you to do that. So, if you don't have every dollar, let's get them set up with every dollar. And I think that that's really going to be a thing that gets you in there, Francesco. Look, you have a great income. You're making a lot of money. If you want to get out of this lease, you could probably buy your way out today or find out what it's going to take to buy your way out of that lease. But at this point, it's really just you taking the money that you have and using it properly. With that income, you should be able to invest 15 percent, put a little aside for 529, and also, if you've got, it sounds like the only debt you had was your mortgage and also maybe some debt on this rental. But you should be able to start climbing your way out of that mortgage here soon. What do you think, George? Yeah, what's left on the mortgage, Francesco? Well, the mortgage, I owe a total of, for the mortgage, it's got $316,000 to be paid off, 30 years, $316,000 to be paid off, and I paid monthly about $2,400 in property taxes and homeowner's insurance. Okay. So that's not setting you back too much? I mean, it's not too expensive for you is what I'm saying. Yeah, I mean, you're running what? With the extra rental income it makes it reasonable. Now your wife is working as well? Is that included in the 7 or is that? No, that's only me. My wife is a realtor so it's not really like fixed income. One year she might do well, other years and other times they have failed to reverse. It's kind of like very hard to budget her income. Last year she did pretty well. We need to get her budgeting as well and you guys need to be doing it together. So what this is is a regular income. We have articles and resources on this on rmtsolutions.com But what you do is take the lowest average month. If you look across 12 months, what's the average? What's the worst month she's actually done? Not a zero dollar month. And then we can go alright, if we take that and add it to the budget, we can start from there. And then if there's more on that, we can start moving it down beyond the four walls, beyond to subscriptions and luxuries and can we add more to the 529 if she gets even more. So that really helps with that side of things and with every dollar premium, which is what Jade was talking about, that includes that paycheck planning feature which is going to help you figure out, hey where do these bills fall? Are we going to run out of money? Which I think will give you confidence. Right now you're going, we make good money, I just don't understand where it's all going. And that's where the budget comes into play. But I'm going to figure out the early buyout on that lease and go ahead and just knock that out. You've got the money in the bank. Let's get a reasonable use call with cash. It's going to be okay. You can afford the insurance. And man, you're never going to look back with regret on that. You guys are doing great Francisco. You just got to tighten it up. That puts this hour of the Ramsey Show in the books. My thanks to Jade Warshaw, my co-host, all the folks in the booth, and you America. Thanks for tuning in. We'll be back real soon. Hey what's up guys, it's Jade. If you love the show and want a deeper dive on your money journey, we have a weekly newsletter that gives you trending and helpful articles and tips on following the Ramsey way. Just go to ramseysolutions.com today to sign up for our newsletter. Again, that's ramseysolutions.com to sign up for our weekly newsletter. Hey Dave Ramsey here. Happy New Year you guys! Now I know a lot of you are thinking about what you want out of 2023. And we're big fans of setting intentional goals around here. So if buying a home is one of your goals, make sure you commit to a budget and make a smart home ownership plan. Because that's not going to happen by accident. And be sure to make that plan with the people you can trust. For me, those are the fine folks at Churchill Mortgage. Their team will make sure you're in a mortgage that you won't regret. They'll take the time to listen and even lay out a plan that helps you get out of debt faster. The Churchill Mortgage team really knows their stuff. And that's why they're the only Ramsey trusted mortgage provider out there. So go to churchillmortgage.com today to get started. That's churchillmortgage.com. This is a paid advertisement. NMLS ID 1591. NMLS consumeraccess.org. Equal Housing Lender. 1749 Mallory Lane. Suite 100. Brentwood, Tennessee.